Chapter 541: Belated Trouble
“I won’t be starting immediately, as I have other important matters to take care of. But I’m saying it now so that you can prepare. I may come anytime to announce the start of the duel.”

He looked at them with a stern gaze and added, “So, all seven of you will be my seven shadows. I plan to have seven more lower shadows later, but right now, your ranking will be determined by the duel. And when the other seven come, if they’re strong enough, they can displace any of you from your position.”

Northern spoke with a cold tone.

“So, you must not get lazy after securing a position.” He glanced at Jeci and Lynus.

Then he leaned back and exhaled helplessly.

‘I hope they all take this seriously. Even I am finding it hard to believe that I’m doing something like this.’

But he needed to; something was coming, and Northern knew it more than ever before. Hence, he was preparing strongly for it.

It might not be now, but he was sure it would be soon. It was only sensible that he began to prepare for that time now.

A time when a Paragon would be the least of his worries.

Northern looked at them again, lingering for a moment before he asked, “Does anyone have a question?”

Lynus raised his hand.

“Of course,” Northern muttered before saying out loud, “Ask.”

“You promised a certain pay for me. Is the pay before the duel or after?”

Northern sighed and answered, “Use your own strength and let’s see how far you can get. Only then would the pay be valuable to you.”

He looked around. “Does anyone else have a question?”

Lynus raised his hand again.

Causing Northern to roll his eyes, “Ask.”

“Will you be a part of the hierarchical duel?”

Revant from the side turned his head like an old creaking wooden door.

“What insolent being. Shall I cause him to despair, Void Lord?” His face was blank and void of emotion.

Northern found it hard to discern if there was any hidden sarcasm in what Revant was saying or if he sincerely meant it.

‘You’re more of a headache here… it’s kind of decided who will be number one anyway.’

He scratched his forehead for a moment.

“Let him be.”

Revant frowned slightly.

“That’s…”

His words froze in his throat as his eyes turned to meet Northern’s dark gaze, azure light burning from the darkness beyond them.

He fell to his knee at once.

“I apologize for my brash audacity, Void Lord.”

“Whatever.”

Northern waved him away and turned his gaze to Lynus.

“I am not a part of the hierarchical duel. I exist in the heavens, and you, here… below the heavens. Earth.” He demonstrated by placing one hand high in the air and another very far below it, grinning enjoyably.

Lynus furrowed his brow, a vicious darkness burning in his eyes.

‘That’s right, baby boy, get fired up and aim to surpass the heavens. That way, I can use your strength very well before sending you back home.’

Northern suddenly remembered something.

“Oh, and the seven shadows will be receiving special weapons created by me. They will be exceptional. Once you lose your place as one of the seven shadows, you also lose the right to wield those weapons. And I will also be giving a special present to the first, second, and third shadows to make them exceptionally strong.”

Immediately, Black Mamba, Night Terror, and Mr. Fluffy’s eyes gleamed with rainbow lights.

‘That should be enough to get all of them fired up. Now, all is set.’

He smiled peacefully and said his final words.

“That will be all. I have a lot to take care of, so I will be leaving now. Train hard and improve yourselves. When I’m done with what I’m doing in the surface world, I will be back for the duel.”

Then he vanished from the Void Palace in a fragment of a moment.

Northern opened his eyes on the large comfortable bed and rolled around, sinking his face into its sweet smelling sheet, and staying in that position for a moment.

Then a knock resounded on his door. Simultaneously, he raised his head and stood up, sitting on his bed with his legs crossed as he answered, “Come in.”

Shin gently pushed the door and entered, grabbing a baroque-style chair with red foam as he got closer to Northern.

He sturdily sat the chair directly in front of Northern and fell his butt on it. Northern silently watched.

Shin had a stern and serious demeanor right from when he entered till he sat in front of Northern, even now as he spoke.

“Alystren said some things to me. I have spoken to Ryan, and I think I should speak to you.”

Northern examined his father with cold, gauging eyes. “Okay, father, what is this thing you want to say?”

“For the duration that we will be staying here and doing what we came for, it will be advisable to stay away from that boy, Darioyle. He is truly a loyal dog to the governor, but he is

unrestrained and…”

“Could kill me?” Northern cut through.

Shin let out a pale smile and looked down.

“To be honest, I am more worried for the boy than I am for any of them.”

He paused and swallowed a breath before continuing. “However, there is one thing that you really have to be careful of.”

The stern look on Shin’s face returned, demanding even more attention from Northern. “There is a lady in this mansion. She’s the governor’s granddaughter, and she’s a part of the military. It’d be best not to have any trouble with her, as it can get us kicked out in an

instant.”

Northern’s mouth fell. “Ah…”

Shin’s brows furrowed together.

“What? What did you do?”

“I promise you, I did absolutely nothing. I did not have any trouble with her.”

‘Technically, but she had with me…’ Northern gulped as he hid the rest of the words from

Shin.

Shin gave him an intense scrutiny before speaking again.

“In the next hour, we will need to start moving and searching around.” He stood up.

“No. There won’t be any need for that.”

He was already about to lift the chair, but Northern’s words made him stop.

He turned back and stared at Northern with a small frown coming on his face.

“What do you mean?”

Northern, with a cold light gleaming in his eyes, met Shin’s gaze and replied, “I know where mother is. I have been searching since we got to this city.”
_______________________________________

Chapter 542: The Night Of Invasion [Part 1]
Shin folded his arms, raising an eyebrow as he asked again to be sure.

“What do you mean you’ve been searching since you got here?”

Northern stood up and walked towards the window. He stayed there for a beat, silent and motionless, then narrowed his gaze and pointed to the cathedral building that plunged its spires into the sky, high above every other edifice and visible from every corner of the city.

“She’s there…”

Shin took a step closer, staring at the point Northern was indicating. Then he frowned and looked at his son.

“No. Northern, that can’t be. You don’t know what you’re talking about. That place is a religious body dedicated to the constellation of Davon. You might not know this, but the constellation churches are protected by the violence act of law. Every citadel, government, and nation has an imposed responsibility to consider them a protection priority when violence is involved. Turn against them, and we’re turning against the entire city.”

Northern’s expression remained blank as Shin explained. Even after Shin had spoken, he was silent for a few seconds.

He glanced at Shin and then looked at the cathedral again.

“Hm, that’s quite troublesome, isn’t it…”

Shin had a stressed expression wearing thin on his face; he could feel his brow twitching.

“Yes… but what is that sinister smile for?”

Northern shrugged.

“I don’t know. The thought of going against the entire city is just kind of exhilarating.”

Shin’s face crumpled, lines forming all over as he frowned in despair, trying to comprehend what his son was saying. The most frustrating part was that he couldn’t even tell the point Northern was trying to make.

Northern lingered in silence for another moment and turned to Shin, sitting softly on the window frame.

“So, we give up and don’t rescue mother?”

“Of course not,” Shin retorted with a determined expression.

“But we cannot be rash. First of all, how are you so sure she’s there? What informant told you this? And if this is the case, we should report it peacefully to them.”

“Report it peacefully? Shin?”

Shin felt his heart drop as Northern coldly called his name.

‘What is that look…’

Northern’s face gave away no emotion, but there was a hint of disappointment in his eyes.

It made Shin mixed up with different emotions, not even sure how to respond to the downgrading look his son was giving him.

“I’m telling you, messing with the Churches of Constellation is a serious felony against unified law. This is not just…”

Northern tilted his head, his eyes seeming to freeze everything beyond them with the level of coldness they emitted.

His gaze alone made Shin stop in the tracks of his world.

“It’s your wife, and felony is what you’re scared about?”

Shin shook his head for a beat.

“No, no, you don’t understand. Don’t make it sound like I don’t care about Eisha. There is a way to do things and how to do things. If you say that the people who kidnapped Eisha are there, how are they there? What made you say so? We can’t just barge into a body of devotion protected by the law because of your premonition, even if it’s my wife. And I’m very sure you know Eisha would be finding the best way to do this without causing any noise.”

Northern grimaced.

“Fine. You want no noise. I’ll show you no noise. Sit here, I’ll bring mother to you.”

Northern turned and stepped on the window.

“North, n-”

Immediately, Shin stretched his hand to stop him. But his son blurred and disappeared before he could complete his words.

He frowned for a moment, then clenched his fist.

“Damn it.”

He stormed out of the room, running through the hallway.

Alystren was waiting at the base of the stairs. Seeing the hurried look on Shin’s face, he quickly asked, “What is wrong?”

“Damn that boy. Please take me to the cathedral, as fast as possible.”

Alystren paled as he heard Shin.

“Cathedral? Why the cathedral?” The horror on his face intensified. “Please don’t tell me…”

“We need to be fast.”

Alystren gulped and turned sharply, briskly walking out of the building with Shin.

They were walking towards the mount stable when Alystren suddenly stopped in his tracks and touched his cheek.

“What’s wrong?” Shin asked.

He rubbed the stain on his cheek and looked at his hand; there was a black powdery stain on both his hand and cheek.

Then he looked up.

The sky had already transitioned to darkness, however in its early stages.

The evening was just beginning to set deep, with night waiting to plunder in from the

horizon.

Both moons were like carved arcs backing each other to form a very curvy ‘X’.

However, those were not what made Alystren’s face contort with concerning horror.

Shadowing upon them, in the sky, was an enormous vessel, right above the governor’s

mansion.

It was as if this vessel had just instantaneously appeared above their heads; Alystren did not remember seeing something coming their way, even a few seconds ago.

And there was no way such a colossal air vessel would come all the way to the governor’s mansion and security wouldn’t have been alerted.

What was going on?

Alystren’s eyes shook in tensed fear. Just as he was looking, Shin too was also looking, his face carrying a slight look of detest and displeasure.

“This cannot be good…” he muttered.

Ropes fell out of the vessel, from each side, three on the left, three on the right, and figures

began to descend from them.

Alystren’s eyes narrowed even more as he saw this. He covered his face in shame, giggling strangely as the intruders slid down their ropes.

“Damn you, Thalon, and here I was thinking I just might have a peaceful journey.”

Even though he thought there were low chances of any drama happening in Arcadia.

Arcadia was still Arcadia; it was a place of target for renowned thieves, criminals, heretical ideologists, hence it was a city also known as the House of Commotion.

But right now, what Alystren was seeing was nothing like those commotions he had

witnessed in all his past travels here.

This was a full-scale war. Arcadia was being invaded!
_______________________________________

Chapter 543: Davon Of Freedom
The Churches of Constellation.

They were a body of devotion that had its history deeply rooted in the beginning of time and had always managed to preserve their importance through generations.

All constellations had a church designated to them, and although the influence of these churches on society in this age had drastically declined, they were still treated as important and revered.

It was more like they were relics that could never be forgotten, and above all of them stood the Church of Ul.

In fact, Ul was a concept of devotion that existed in every church. Right beside every symbol of every constellation was always a statue of Ul.

Northern stood in front of the golden gate of the cathedral.

No one was guarding it. There were a few ladies clothed in white apparel, flowing all around their bodies like garments, with golden ornaments holding it to their waists, walking around the compound.

None of them paid attention to him.

Northern stayed outside for a few more seconds, rubbing his chin with his eyes closed.

‘I can’t be mistaken. It was right below this place.’

Northern, since the moment he entered the city, had activated Chaos Eyes.

Since becoming a Master, he could now sense the essence of every living being, even down to their emotions. He could also sense hidden presences, but it was necessary for him to reveal his Chaos Eyes.

His normal eyes perceived these things, of course, but when he opened his Chaos Eyes, it was on a different and much more magnanimous scale than what he saw and felt with his normal eyes.

It could be said that when Northern opens his Chaos Eyes, it is when he truly begins to see. However, keeping the Chaos Eyes open chomps down not on his void essence but his stamina. The more he saw with the eyes, the more he felt himself drained.

And that had been the reason for the intense tiredness.

However, in the few hours that he kept Chaos Eyes open, he had meticulously searched every nook and cranny of Arcadia for his mother’s presence.

As he stepped into the room and walked towards his window, he finally found it.

There was something right beneath the cathedral. It made him so happy that they were alive. He could feel the familiar essence of his mother, the beauty of her soul.

Then he could feel another one, a newborn of sorts, brimming with an otherworldly essence. Northern immediately understood whose presence that was, and nothing mattered anymore. He would rescue them and finally meet her, because he knew that there was no one, no power, no existence that could stop him from retrieving his mother and sister. He was very happy. Shin’s reply, when he heard that it was the cathedral, was very annoying. However, Northern had done a great job reining in his anger.

“So what if it’s the citadel? I can feel my mother right beneath their floor.”

Northern exhaled and slowly opened the gate. The gate was not closed, and that was how every citadel was; their gates were always open in case anyone wanted to offer their prayers to Ul and the constellations.

Northern walked towards the compound. In the center was a fountain, and in the middle of the fountain was the magnificent statue of a colossal horse.

“Davon,” Northern muttered.

Every constellation has an animal that depicts their nature. Northern, at a young age when he learned about them, had thought it to be weird that these animals had a striking resemblance to the animals on Earth.

However, aside from them being used to depict the nature of constellations, they don’t exist in the world of Tra-el.

Hence, it was important to note that these were not the constellations’ physical forms. As a matter of fact, some intellectual debates had proposed that constellations do not have a physical form, nor do they have an active consciousness.

However, they are a conduit of essence that functions alongside Ul in creating the balance of the world and maintaining it.

Of course, this branches out to several areas when the topic of the ‘shape of the soul’ is mentioned.

But that was one thing Northern had not been opportune to learn yet. It was not for his level. ‘When one becomes a Paragon, their soul gains a personality and a shape that can be traced to any of the constellations… I had thought that to be bullshit, but thinking about it now…’ Northern looked up at the towering statue of the stallion raising its forelimb high up, its body coiling with stark muscles.

His mind drifted back to the fight with the Emperor of Luinngard, the speed on his legs, the way those flames wrapped his leg.

It was something he instantly knew that he wouldn’t be able to replicate despite having copied the Emperor’s talent.

Perhaps when he becomes a Paragon.

‘I wonder what the shape of my own soul will be like,’ he said to himself as he lowered his

head to take a look at the base of the statue.

Then he read something.

“Davon is found only by souls who know the value of freedom.”

“Freedom, huh…” he muttered again after reading and raised his head.

“Do you find yourself wondering what true freedom means?”

Northern was not surprised to hear the voice. He smiled and turned around to face the bald

man with tightly shut eyes and a beaded rosary hanging down his neck.

“If you don’t find a way to leave this cathedral right now, the meaning of true freedom will be the least you are worrying about.”

The man’s eyes widened in terror, but before he could turn to his side, Northern had vanished.

He shivered, feeling an intense cold seep into his blood. The night suddenly felt darker than it

looked.

He looked at the statue in front of him and closed his eyes, clasping his palms together and bowing his head slightly.

“Bless and protect us, Ul. Bless and protect us, Davon.”

Following his words, the entire cathedral shook. Ripples of earthquake ran across every part

of the ground.

The man’s eyes widened terribly as he saw the cracks run towards the horse statue and destroy

its base.

Slowly but surely, the colossal statue was crumbling towards him.

And all he could do was stare in paralyzing fear, beads of sweat stagnant over his face.
_______________________________________

Chapter 544: The Night Of Invasion [Part 2]
Shin stared up, paralyzed as the people from the airship slid down the ropes like agile snakes.

The moment their feet touched the ground, they did not attack. Instead, they fell into rehearsed lines.

Their movements were sharp and unwasteful in any manner. Both to the right and to the left, they all began to shoot in directions and stand erect like poles.

In an instant, the compound of the governor’s mansion was filled with people in black uniforms.

Alystren looked at all of them, his face etched with contemplative confusion. Several beads of sweat had formed and were rolling down his cheeks. Some were too paralyzed to even move. Then something fell off the airship, causing a tremendous reaction. The entire earth shook as if a boulder the size of the airship had just been thrust into the ground with the force of a colossal titan.

He stood frozen, feeling his body vibrate vividly the moment the earthquake happened.

Shin instinctively took several steps… it was a single leap. He was far away from where he and Alystren were standing.

The old joker was too gripped by fear to move. His mind shattered, each piece racing in a thousand thought patterns.

And he could only arrive at a single conclusion of the presence that he was feeling.

“It can’t be, it can’t be, it can’t be, it can’t be,” Alystren muttered like a man whose screws had been loosened barely by the cold hands of fear.

Shin’s hand was on the hilt of his sword, but he couldn’t dare to draw. All his experience and instincts allied to make him understand…

…that in a moment like this, he could die with a single misstep.

‘First of all, I don’t even know what the person wants. It will be best to just stay still for now. Because… this presence… I am sure about it. He’s a Paragon!’

In the sinking silence of the evening, the steps resounded out of the cloud of dust that the tumultuous landing had caused.

The man walking out of the cloud had a scar on one of his eyes. A black military coat fluttered on his shoulder, and one of his hands rested on his sword while the other held a large blunt.

He stopped in his tracks and put the blunt in his mouth for a moment, exuding a thick and oppressing cloud of smoke from his mouth as he took it out.

Then he examined the person standing in front of him with a small interest in his eyes.

“Oh? You dog. What are you doing here?”

Despite being insulted nakedly, Alystren did not seem to want to retaliate. Instead, he forced out a smile.

“Lieutenant, you’ve changed since the last time I saw you… What are you doing in the governor’s house with so many forces?”

The Lieutenant took another satisfying smoke of his blunt and looked at Alystren for a moment. Then his eyes drifted off Alystren to Shin-who was still in stance, ready to pull his sword at any moment.

The Lieutenant raised a brow.

“Fascinating. That black hair and red eyes. Undoubtedly Kageyama Clan. Since they are an introverted lot, I presume it’s the infamous rogue child. Younger brother of the Patriarch, Shin Kageyama.”

Whoosh

“Pleased to make your acquaintance.”

Shin’s eyes widened.

‘What?’

His eyes had been on the Lieutenant the whole time, not even a blink did he blink. Even the hair on his skin had all stood erect, ready to unleash his sword art at the slightest threatening moment.

And yet…

He didn’t see the Lieutenant move.

Just as the Lieutenant was standing in front of Shin, a long tunnel of wind separated, vanishing slowly while the man stretched out his hand in front of him.

Shin had not even seen the moment the Lieutenant extended his hand!

‘Paragons… are truly a different existence. And Northern fought one…?’

Strangely, what Ryan had said seemed to disturb him at a moment like this.

The Lieutenant leaned his hand back on his sword and looked up at the building, frowning slightly before looking at Shin.

Then his voice, authoritative, clear, and sharp like a butcher’s knife cutting tofu, resounded.

“Infamous rogue of the Kageyama clan. I have no business with you. Neither you, useless dog, nor the boy up there. My only business is with the governor. I presume you lot won’t be senseless today, yes?”

“Yes, Lieutenant. We will be taking our leave right now,” Alystren’s voice rolled out from behind.

He looked at Shin-who was still frozen in that ready position-and shook his head. Shin, breaking a sweat, disengaged. Both of them vanished from the Lieutenant’s front.

A moment later, all three of them vanished completely from the mansion.

The captain took another round of his blunt before swinging his hand forward.

As his hand rose, every force of the military that had just landed stomped their legs on the ground, creating a resounding earthquake, and rushed forward in lines, permeating every corner of the mansion.

Suddenly someone flashed into the sky, falling down on the Lieutenant with a guttural yell.

“You traitor!! How dare you come against the governor!!!”

The Lieutenant lazily looked up and then looked away.

Another presence suddenly flashed just above the captain, colliding with Darioyle and

crashing into the wall of the mansion.

Another flashed and landed on their knee, crimson hair flowing smoothly beneath the moon’s

light.

“Lieutenant. Please let us deal with menial missions like this.”

The Lieutenant’s eyes were unchanged by his subordinate’s plea.

Instead, they looked bored and displeased, their depths filled with hubris.

His eyes gained a little light as a powerful step began to resound and cause the whole place to

quake gently.

The gigantic master of the mansion finally revealed himself, his daughter standing right

beside him.

Every corner of his body brimmed with so much pronounced power that the mobs dared not approach even the lady walking next to him.

He finally stopped a few tens of steps away from the Lieutenant, was silent for a moment before his resonating voice could be heard.

“Dante. You have always been too bright a kid. I am not surprised that you are the one staging

this rebellion.”

“Of course you are not,” the Lieutenant sounded with a little glee.

“After all, you were the one who inspired this idea in me.”

“You are ignorant. And the only thing that bestows children that are ignorant is despair,

failure, destruction.”

“As expected of my mentor, still finding the moment to give me a lecture even at a time like

this.”

He dropped the fat blunt in his hand, killing its smoke with a soft step.

“You know what I am here for. Your death will announce my intention loud and clear to the

higher-ups.”

“Fool,” the governor’s voice resounded with the weight of an immense boulder.

But the Lieutenant continued, his voice intrigued.

“If I get defeated here, I will have no complaints. It means this revolution, the new age of the continent that I have always envisioned, was never bound to happen.” His voice lingered for a

bit.

Then a dangerous white light burned in his eyes as he continued.

“If I win, however, this is the beginning of my conquest. The entire continent will be crumbled and rebuilt by I, Dante Gafarè, the only descendant of the great revolutionary, Accentalles Gafarè!!”
_______________________________________

Chapter 545: Brethren In Darkness
Northern appeared right where he had sensed the presence stronger. The ground he was standing on was directly above the point it was.

However, now…

‘Seriously…’

There was no presence anymore. Or rather, he couldn’t feel it like he would’ve with Chaos Eyes.

‘I wish my stamina would gain a tremendous boost so I can use Chaos Eyes anytime I want.’

It could be easily solved by severe physical training, but Northern had a nudging feeling this wouldn’t be the case for him.

Still, he considered dedicating himself to intense training and sharpening the blunt edges of his skills that had the tendency to become weaknesses.

He was strong… but he wasn’t strong enough. Not yet.

“I can’t get complacent. I have to resume training after all of this is over,” Northern muttered inaudibly.

He raised one leg and was about to stomp the ground when a Chaos vision flashed before his eyes.

His face became cold and he dropped his leg. Then, the next moment, a tremendous vibration resounded through the earth.

Taking advantage of the vibration that streaked through the earth, Northern plunged his feet into the ground, easily breaking into the stratum below.

The problem was, the vibration had such a strong intensity that the floor Northern broke weakened all other parts and began to cause an earthquake Northern really didn’t plan for.

He looked up and saw the grounds above begin to crumble, the cracks running even further forward like rabid dogs.

‘Oh shit… that’s sad…’

A moment later, however, he shrugged and looked around him.

He was surrounded by thick darkness. Even the brightest of flames would barely illuminate a dot in this darkness.

It was like a cloth, forcibly leeching onto every part of the air. The darkness was oppressive and almost sentient.

Luckily, Northern was not a stranger to darkness. In fact, darkness was his ally.

He smiled crookedly and extended one hand.

“You guys would have to do better than this if you think you want to hide from me.”

The figures in the darkness suddenly began to falter, all of them looking at each other.

‘Their reaction is amazing. Were they expecting me?’

Despite the fact that the debris from the ground above had suddenly disrupted them, they had managed to react quickly and hide themselves perfectly in the darkness. freeweɓnovēl.coɱ

All of them were scattered around, skillfully surrounding the intruder like a pack of predators ganging up on a single but powerful prey.

They had a careful demeanor added to every inch of their disposition.

Northern could tell that none of them were underestimating him in the slightest, which is why even after speaking, none were coming out.

‘They are supposed to be elves, after all… it’d have been disappointing if they didn’t have this level of coordination.’

He extended both hands up, locking his fingers together as he stretched his body up, then sideways, announcing:

“Alright then. Since you don’t want to reveal yourselves, thinking there’s no way I’d probably be able to see in such unnatural darkness, I will just come after every one of you and save the strongest for last.”

He finally finished stretching. A twisted glee danced evilly on his face for a moment, then none of them saw him.

Swoosh.

“Yelp…”

“Arrghhh.”

“…Gah.”

“Hel-”

Northern’s hand plunged out of the darkness to suddenly grab another’s face, Chaos flames igniting on the face and causing him to dance around in darkness, screaming.

“Ahhhh!”

Before that, all others had lost consciousness before they saw the attack coming at them.

Northern accurately hit them with the blunt side of Stainless.

His eyes sparkled with a malicious blue light as he watched the dark-robed man dance around

in agony, sinister yet astonishing bluish-black flames burning his head.

The hues of his flames reflected on his face for a moment, displaying the visage of a vicious arsonist adoring the crude art he had created.

Northern’s eyes turned cold and blank the next moment as he locked eyes with the next target -the man suddenly staggering back as his eyes met Northern’s.

“You still won’t believe me? Until I kill all of you.”

Suddenly, the veil of darkness began to soften and slowly dissipate.

In a few moments, the underground cleared. Several men in dark robes stood scattered

around, their faces covered by the hoods of their sinister clothing.

However, green glows like orbs shot out of the darkness beneath their hoods with sharp bloodlusts-not sharp enough to cut, however.

Northern leaned the Dark Mortal over his shoulder as his eyes pivoted to a single man standing amongst all of them.

It was the strongest essence he had felt amongst them when he used Chaos Eyes.

The man spoke.

“Young human. Who are you, and what do you want?”

Northern pointed the sword at the man.

“You have my mother with you. Give her to me, and I can freely walk out of this place with no

problems.”

The man lingered. He turned his head to his comrades, seeming puzzled, then he turned his head to Northern.

“Human. You are very mistaken. I am sure we do not have your mother,” the man responded

with a kind tone.

Every other one of them was silent, but their gazes were burning viciously.

Northern could almost feel their anger pelting his skin like cold stones, causing him slight

discomfort.

‘Shit. They are no joke.’

He carefully sized all of them up based on the quantity of their essence, then he trailed his

eyes back to the man.

“An elf with a newborn. Or maybe she gave birth while you guys kidnapped her. This is how much I am going to say. Bring her out, and I will leave peacefully with her.”

The man Northern was pointing his sword to was grimly silent this time.

“Young human. Who sent you? Do not be a schlemiel. You cannot-”

The man stopped abruptly as Northern’s sword was suddenly arching towards him from below. He vanished just in time, the black blade cutting through his afterimage.

Northern clicked his tongue in irritation.

‘He’s fast.’

Missing the attack left a really bad taste in his mouth.

All the robed individuals suddenly flung away their robes, revealing sheen and sparkling sleek

silver armor.

They manifested different weapons: some greatswords, others bows and arrows, and all

aimed at Northern.

The man himself slowly walked forward, his golden-blonde hair brilliantly falling down his shoulders, to his back and front.

A small crown-like large ring adorned his forehead, and his narrow, monolid eyes glowed with a cold and experienced fury.

“Young human. Your foolishness shall now be rewarded with a grave and gruesome death. For

our brethren that you have fallen, you shall suffer greatly.”

“Tsk.” Northern glanced around them with a tired and stressed expression.

He was motionless and blank for a moment, then he glanced at all of them, his eyes glowing

softly.

They suddenly widened, a sinister grin spreading on his face.

‘What the hell? These are really useful talents!’
_______________________________________

Chapter 546: Talent Harvest [Part 1]
Northern grinned at the multiple panels that appeared before his eyes as the elves prepared to attack him.

All of them, at once, remarkably using their talent abilities with the weapons they wielded.

[Do you want to copy Talent: A Thousand Wind Blade (A) for 300 Talent fragments?] [Do you want to copy Talent: Air Barrier(C) for 100 Talent fragments?]

[Do you want to copy Talent: Tidal Wave(B) for 200 Talent fragments?]

[Do you want to copy Talent: Windless Star(A) for 300 Talent fragments?]

And many more Northern saw, all appearing before his eyes simultaneously, thanks to the crew of elves ready to attack.

Each of them was coated in the aura of their essence, exuding a threatening intent with their form of attack.

Northern twirled Stainless in one hand, skillfully handling the lightning Odachi despite its difference in feel.

He thought for a moment whether to use Grengar and subtly shook his head.

“That’d be a cheat right now.”

“What are you muttering to yourself about? It’s too late to regret it now!” the leader of the cult yelled.

He extended his hand forward, grimly commanding, “Everyone, eradicate this cretin.”

Instantly, the entire atmosphere was drowned in tension. Every elf moved.

However, Northern was no longer there.

The leader’s eyes widened belatedly as he flung his hand to parry Northern’s sword.

He staggered back, unable to contain the force that vibrated in his hands. His palms hurt as if he had struck a colossal bell with heavy steel.

His muscles almost instinctively dropped the sword, but he clenched tighter as he stabilized his footing.

The elves, their eyes burning with madness, wasted no movement as they saw where Northern had turned out to be. They all pivoted and shot towards him.

Northern grinned for a moment as they dove at him. The closest one finally lunged his spear at Northern’s back, thinking he surely had a clean hit.

But Stainless had blocked it. Northern’s hand was unnaturally bent back to deflect the attack.

He deflected it with a swift twist of his body, causing the elf to fly away, crashing into the roof of the underground and destroying the already weakened ground of that area.

Another two were already upon him, or so they thought.

Northern, with his pronounced speed, easily plunged Stainless into the eyes of one as he sidestepped the long sword that cleaved downwards at him.

Then he grabbed the other by the collar of his armor and threw him away with ease. The elf crashed into the pile of crumbled huge stones.

The others hesitated for a moment, gulping. But they quickly resolved themselves again and darted towards him.

Before one got to him, Northern suddenly narrowed his eyes and smiled.

Pow

Pow

Pow

“Now, that’s an interesting ability.”

All three invisible air strikes were deflected by the air, leaving the elf behind the darting one with a pale face.

Northern, his attention locked on the guy that had struck from a distance, still deflected the hammer of the one close without looking at it.

He reversed his grip on Stainless and plunged it into the side flank of the elf as he raised his hammer for another attack.

A thread of lightning danced out of the sword, consuming the elf and burning him to a crisp. “You are interesting,” Northern said as he-in a flash-appeared in front of the elf, rubbing his chin.

“How?” The elf’s voice trembled. Northern’s speed was just too incomprehensible for them. Another finally managed to successfully get close enough for a sneak attack.

His form slowly revealed, as if breaking out of space, as his dagger arched towards Northern only to be hung in the air.

He felt like he was still swinging in for the stab, but his hand was not touching Northern. “You think I didn’t see you all the way from that side till you got close enough to land a hit? Tsk tsk, you are not a threat, so why should I care?”

He rolled his eyes over to the stealth attacker for a brief second and focused back on the ranged attacker from earlier.

“You, on the other hand…” he rubbed his brows.

‘Since I don’t have a lot of talent fragments, I can’t be greedy. I’ll just save the prospects, kill off the rest, and decide which talent I will take after that. Then I will kill off the remaining.’ Northern deliberated amidst the commotion.

He finally turned his attention to the stealth elf who kept striking but to no avail.

“Black Lance.”

The Black Lance didn’t just cleave the elf’s body into three parts horizontally; the cleave went all the way to the wall behind, cleanly cutting through the underground all the way to the ocean that surrounded Arcadia.

It meant that beneath Arcadia was three smooth cleave of the ground that could affect the

entire foundation of the city anytime, any day.

The leader of the elves saw this and felt cold sweat on his body.

There was nothing human about the way Northern was dealing with the elves.

‘How? How is this possible? We are the mighty elves of Stuart; we are not like these cretins. We are superior in soul essence and have a stronger connection to the shape and trueness of our soul. We have mastered the art of talent utilization. And still, this human… how is he dealing with us like we are cockroaches?’

Northern wasn’t even giving them time to act. Every attack either stopped in the air, was easily deflected, or the attacker’s hands were already flying into the air before the attacks themselves were completed.

Gore splattered and sprayed with every movement and flash of his figure. And yet there were few that he would intentionally leave.

All the leader of the cult could see at some point were flashes and afterimages of the white- haired, young human.

The agonizing cries of his comrades paralyzed him. He froze there, his eyes trembling as Northern crudely dealt with every single one of them.

Northern wrenched his blade free from the last elf, splashing crimson gore across the ground

with the swing of his sword.

He then met the gaze of the leader, who was the only one he had not touched.

Black flames ignited on the shiny odachi, dulling the sheen of its blade. Simultaneously,

yellow sparks danced around the length of the blade.

Northern took gentle steps towards the man.

“So, are you ready to start talking? Where is my mother?”

He stopped and extended the sword directly to the man’s face.
_______________________________________

Chapter 547: Talent Harvest [Part 2]
It happened so fast! All he could hear were the screams of his comrades.

They had put so much at stake to come all the way to this place because the princess was that important.

After so much searching, they had finally found her. They’d be able to make her happy, to let her rest.

That was the least consolation. There was royal blood; finally, the ritual was going to be complete. The second coming was very nigh.

All they needed to do was propagate the gateway for their return.

It was just that alone.

And someone, a completely unknown and unexpected variable, had appeared and messed up their plans!

The cult leader’s mind ran helter-skelter, discombobulated by the reality before him.

A blade burning with black flames and yellow sparks pointed directly at his eyes.

But he didn’t seem to care at the moment; all that was in his mind was his aggravating failure.

‘Why? Why? Why? Why have I failed her?!’ his mind cried.

‘Should I just go ahead and use Chaos eyes?’ Northern thought.

If he used Chaos eyes, he’d be able to tell where they were again.

‘No… that would be unwise. I am detecting a level of essence equal to that of Thalen, so he is undoubtedly strong.’

If he were to use the Chaos eyes and cut his stamina in half, he wouldn’t lose, but it would still be unpleasant to receive an attack or two.

While Northern was in contemplation, the elf’s mind was going crazy.

‘He is supposed to come soon! No! I can’t sabotage this too. I have to open the gateway; I have to do this. He is dangerous; this human can foil my entire plan worth decades of meticulous preparation. I have to deal with him!!’

“Hey, hey, I don’t even need to know how to read your mind to know what you’re thinking right now. Wanna kill me that bad?” Northern commented with a delighted look on his face.

The dark thoughts racing through the cult leader’s mind were leaking everywhere on his bright and beautiful face.

His eyes had reddened, a dark and grim frown crudely contorting his facial features. He looked somewhat twisted, a hint of his handsome face still managing to reflect even in such a crazed state.

WHAM

The atmosphere was suddenly released by a tremendous burst of essence.

This was not an unrefined, raw release. One moment under the pressure of the soul essence, and Northern didn’t even need to use his eyes to know that this was the power of a true Savant!

It was insane how an elf could be a Savant and be a hundred levels different in strength from a human of the same rank.

‘Not me though…’

Of course, Northern himself was an existence that put to shame every level difference, be it a hundred or a thousand.

He gripped Stainless more tightly, swinging it backward and lowering his stance to get ready. His eyes locked and calculating, waiting.

Then he glanced down at the panel.

[Do you want to copy Talent: Whispering Gale (A) for 600 talent fragments]

‘Oh… Wow.’

In the next beat, however, Northern suddenly froze in place, wearing a dark frown on his face.

‘I can’t move… and…’

The cult leader was gone. Much worse was…

‘I can’t sense him at all.’

He had totally erased all traces of himself; it was as if no one was there. Not even Northern could sense anything.

Which should have been impossible. Northern’s face was grim; he hadn’t thought that there’d be something he wouldn’t be able to sense with his increased abilities.

At least not so soon.

His eyes suddenly widened as a magnanimous pressure fell on the atmosphere.

He twisted his body, wrenching himself free from the position with blood splashing out of his body as he twisted his own bone, muscle, and flesh to leave the position as fast as he could.

By the skin of his teeth, he managed to spiral away from the attack that bit into the ground, shattering the surface of the floor with a loud crack.

‘What the hell was that? Why couldn’t I sense the danger in that attack?!’

Northern’s instincts had reacted in circumspect to the level of danger of the attack. He could feel something gnawing at his throat, yet at the same time, he could feel nothing.

It was so deceptive; the entirety of the attack, its presence, and intent were perfectly hidden, created to throw their enemy off.

Northern took a glance around the areas of his body where blood was leaking.

Majorly his joints; his shoulder was dislocated, his legs were also bent outwardly.

The cult leader slowly rose from the unsuccessful attack, clouds of dust clearing to reveal his intense fiery expression.

He watched as Northern’s body crudely snapped back into shape. The white-haired boy straightened himself up and cracked his neck to the left and right.

“I was mistaken to have underestimated you. Looks like you have a very tricky talent…”

Of course, he did. He was an elf, after all. They and everyone in the underworld had a better understanding of Talent and talent abilities, soul essence, and its application.

Even the weakest of them would be an opponent he needed to be careful against.

Caladhel and Sura had proved that to him.

‘No doubt about it. He is stronger than Cal. But of course not Sura.’

Northern observed the man for a while. He slowly stepped back, entering into the bosom of the depths of the underground, unilluminated by the rays of the dual moonlights from above. He breathed in sharply, his hands tightening around Stainless.

The pain in his joints throbbed, enhanced by the pain of Chaos Thread fixing him. Blood dripped slowly from his wounds, but he ignored it.

The ground shifted slightly under his feet, an almost imperceptible tremor.

Northern’s eyes darted to the left, sensing something, but again, nothing registered.

His mind was running through every possibility, trying to figure out and understand what

trick the elf was using to evade his senses.

And then, there it was.
_______________________________________

Chapter 548: Talent Harvest [Part 3]
A sudden gust of wind swept through the underground, subtle but chilling.

Northern’s instincts flared as something belatedly registered.

The elf was manipulating the air itself, using invisible currents to obscure his movements.

Without hesitation, Northern flung himself to the right, his body reacting instinctively before his mind even caught up.

Stainless slashed outward in a wide arc, black flames erupting from the blade, trailing yellow sparks.

CLANG!

His blade met resistance, a force pushing against him that hadn’t been there a second ago. Sparks flew as the cult leader’s figure materialized from the swirling wind, wielding a curved blade that shimmered with compressed air.

Northern gritted his teeth, pushing back against the weight, but the elf’s strength, enhanced by the wind, was immense.

The elf’s lips curled into a twisted smile, eyes gleaming with malice. “Cretin, you won’t survive this. Whispering Gale is the wind itself. I am everywhere and nowhere.”

Northern felt the pressure mounting, but he smirked back, his eyes gleaming dangerously. “You talk too much.”

With a sudden burst of strength, Northern shoved Stainless forward, forcing the elf to jump back.

As he did, the winds around them shifted, carrying faint echoes-whispers of movement that Northern couldn’t fully track.

It was as if the elf was everywhere at once, his movements leaving behind afterimages in the wind.

The air grew still for a moment, and then-

FWIP!

Something sliced through the air behind him, silent but deadly.

Northern twisted, but too late-sharp pain ripped through his side as an invisible blade made

of pure wind essence grazed his ribs, the impact knocking him off balance.

Blood sprayed into the air as he stumbled, gasping from the force of the blow.

The cult leader appeared once more, a few feet away, his blade of swirling wind still held in a tight grip.

His eyes glowed with satisfaction, the twisted grin etched even deeper on his face.

“You can’t stop it, boy. You’ll never know where the next strike will come from. Whispering Gale keeps me hidden. You can’t escape what you can’t sense.”

‘What? How?… Void force was not activated?’ Northern’s eyes widened. He still couldn’t make perfect sense of what was happening.

Even though he knew the elf was using wind to play some tricks, there was still nothing he could do about it.

Of course, he had a handful of talents that would instantly neutralize the situation or turn the tables with a single move, but where was the fun in that?

Northern subtly grinned.

‘Alright, I’m enjoying this…’

Pain radiated through his body like fire, but still he stood tall, meeting the elf’s gaze.

His mind worked quickly, processing every attack, every movement. There had to be a way to counter it.

He began to observe every disposition of the elf and replay all his past actions with his eyes. Then it clicked.

‘It’s not just wind… he’s creating pockets of air pressure, displacing the flow so I can’t sense him until it’s too late.’

Northern wiped the blood from his grinning mouth, straightening as much as his battered body would allow.

“Clever,” he muttered under his breath. He winced as he tightened his grip on Stainless. “But I’ve dealt with worse.”

Without warning, he slammed Stainless into the ground, sending a shockwave of black fire across the floor. The flames surged in every direction, consuming the air and leaving no room for the elf to hide.

The cult leader’s eyes flickered with uncertainty for a split second as the flames roared toward him, but he didn’t falter.

The winds howled around him, carrying his form up and away, vanishing into the air like a breeze.

Northern’s eyes narrowed. ‘So he’s using the wind not just to hide, but to phase out of reach…’

The elf’s voice echoed through the underground, carried on the wind.

“Do you understand now? The wind obeys me, and you’ll never be able to catch me.”

Suddenly, Northern felt it—a shift in the air pressure directly behind him.

His eyes widened as a gust of wind materialized into the elf’s blade, inches from his neck.

But this time, Northern was ready.

At the last second, he twisted, wrenching his body with all his might.

Blood sprayed from his shoulder as he dislocated his arm in the process, but it was enough— he narrowly dodged the lethal strike.

The elf’s blade missed by mere inches, biting into the ground with a thunderous crack.

‘Too close…’ Northern thought, gritting his teeth against the pain. His body screamed in protest, but he forced himself to keep moving, to stay one step ahead.

The elf rose slowly, his expression twisted with frustration. His wind-blade shimmered with barely contained power, but his eyes were fixed on Northern’s injured form.

“You should have died by now,” the elf hissed, his voice tinged with disbelief. “But it doesn’t matter. I’ll finish this.”

Northern took a deep breath, forcing his body to straighten despite the agony. His mind was racing. It was racing with adrenaline, it was racing with excitement.

This was it. This was what he had been looking for, a fight that was technical, a fight that humans should be able to give, something he had to think and be creative about.

The elf paused mid-movement. “Why are you smiling? What is so funny, you cretin?” His face was starkly dark with malice.

Northern understood perfectly well the kind of viciousness that had grown in the heart of the cult leader elf. In fact, seeing his reaction intrigued him.

Despite the elf’s anger, his movements and actions were still pretty decent and calculated,

unlike the guy on the airship.

‘That one has a nasty personality. I’m sure about that.’

“You still have time to think…” the elf sneered, his voice dripping with contempt as he saw Northern’s smirk. “You’ll have plenty of time to regret it once I’m done with you.”

The wind surged violently, swirling around the elf’s form like a living entity, sharpening into invisible blades, ready to tear Northern apart.

He was preparing for another lethal strike-this time, Northern knew the elf wouldn’t hold

back.

Northern’s grin widened, his mind fully focused, calculating every possible outcome.

He still couldn’t sense the elf’s movements perfectly, but that didn’t matter anymore. Something was happening to his body with each successful attack of the wind. His body was understanding the rhythm of the wind, the pressure changes, and the flow of the elf’s attacks.
_______________________________________

Chapter 549: The Fallen Estate
The sprawling expanse of the governor’s mansion was completely unrecognizable, the magnificent building and its nicely kept garden now shattered into a canvas of destruction.

The ground, once smooth and polished, was marred by deep craters, as if the earth itself had become fragile beneath the weight of the battle.

Cracks spiderwebbed across the estate, turning it into a maze of ruptured stone and dirt.

Some fissures stretched for dozens of feet, their jagged edges glowing faintly from the lingering heat of their creation.

Amidst the palette of craters stood a man, the long military coat on his shoulders flapping continuously in the wind, its bottom damaged, burnt, and blackened.

His eyes carried a detached intensity, reflecting the chaos around him.

He stood still, as if the devastation was beneath his concern, merely a trivial consequence of his power.

His boots scraped against the uneven ground as he shifted his stance, surveying the wreckage with an air of grim satisfaction.

Before him, a large figure struggled to rise from one of the deeper craters-a man barely holding onto consciousness, his body battered and bruised. His shirt was ruggedly torn, blood seeping through the lacerated gaps on his skin, and his face was twisted in pain.

“Is this all your strength amounts to?” the man in the military coat asked, his voice cold, devoid of emotion. “I expected more from a governor.”

The fallen man coughed, blood splattering onto the cracked ground as he tried to speak, but the effort was futile.

His voice was lost in the wind, swallowed by the vast emptiness of the battlefield that had once been his home.

Lieutenant Dante sighed boringly. He stabbed his sword impossibly into the ground and brought out another fat blunt from his pocket, complaining in a low tone.

“Damn, I wasted a whole snuff for nothing. If I had known you’d be so easy to deal with, I’d have just fought you with my snuff.”

He lit the fat blunt and put it in his mouth. Then he raised his head to look at the governor. He exhaled smoke and sighed.

“What a pathetic state you are in, mentor.”

The governor’s closing eyes flickered open, and the man began to regain his previous determination.

“Oh oh. That’s more like it.”

The governor growled painfully, and suddenly-despite his immense weight and size- disappeared into a blur.

Lieutenant Dante’s eyes narrowed slightly as the governor vanished from sight.

He took another long drag from his blunt, the tip glowing faintly in the dim light of the ruined battlefield.

His demeanor remained calm, unbothered by the sudden change in the governor’s behavior.

“Finally,” Dante muttered, exhaling a cloud of smoke. “I was starting to think you’d just lie there and die quietly.”

The air around him shifted as the governor reappeared with a thunderous crash, his fist aimed directly at Dante’s head.

The ground beneath them trembled with the force of his reappearance, sending cracks spiraling outward from where he landed.

Dante puffed out smoke and raised his head slowly to meet the governor’s enormous fist, a crazed grin on his face.

He tilted his head lazily to the side, avoiding the strike by mere inches.

The governor’s fist smashed into the ground, creating yet another deep crater.

Dust and debris exploded into the air, momentarily clouding their surroundings.

“That’s more like it, mentor,” Dante said mockingly, tapping the ash off his blunt. “But you’re still too slow.”

The governor, his face twisted in a mixture of rage and agony, roared as he swung again. This time, his speed was even greater, each strike coming at Dante with the force of a raging

storm.

The air whistled as his fists cut through it, but no matter how fast he moved, Dante evaded every blow with effortless grace, his body swaying just enough to dodge.

“You taught me well,” Dante continued, his tone almost playful. “But you forgot one thing… I don’t play fair.”

Before the governor could react, Dante’s form blurred, vanishing from his sight.

For a moment, the governor was left standing in confusion, his heavy breaths echoing in the stillness of the ruined mansion.

Then, Dante reappeared in front of him. What the governor saw Dante holding made him tremble heavily, his entire form seemed to cave in as he saw the only apple of his eyes, dangling in Dante’s hand with a large hole within her belly, blood trickling down her mouth and belly, running her white shirt.

Everything suddenly became senseless before the poor man.

“DANTTTTEEEEEEE!!!”

His scream, powerful, roared and reverberated across the whole of Arcadia, causing the very air to shudder with intense pressure.

“Oh!” Dante’s mouth opened slightly, surprised as to how the governor still managed to summon so much strength despite having expended himself far enough.

The man grasped a pole of a lampstand that had managed to survive the darkest hours of their battle until this moment.

He pulled it out effortlessly; however, in his hands, the lampstand gained fortification, glowing with a faint purple aura covering its frame, as it increased in size.

The governor’s body trembled as he held the fortified lampstand, now transformed into a massive, glowing weapon infused with his remaining energy.

His eyes, once filled with pain and despair, now burned with an intensity fueled by rage and loss.

The purple aura around the lampstand crackled with violent energy, pulsating in rhythm with his labored breaths.

Dante stood there, the grin never fading from his face, but a glint of curiosity flashed in his

eyes.

He lazily flicked the ashes of his blunt into the wind and examined the governor’s newfound weapon with mild amusement.

“So, this is your last stand, eh?” Dante mused, stepping forward nonchalantly. “Amazing how the rage fueled by loss can ignite greater strength. Honestly, mentor, it’s almost touching.”

He lazily flung the girl away, the lifeless body thrashing into the nearby wall. The governor didn’t respond. His entire focus was now honed in on Dante, his eyes devoid of any traces of humanity, pure rage locked on the Lieutenant that stood before him.

He had taken Dante as a son during his earlier days in the military.

The boy with immense talent, who was praised as a genius, whom every Citadel would spend every ounce of resources to get but decided to be a soldier. A dog for the government.

Back then, the governor, who was just a lieutenant then, had taken this boy as a son, nurtured his talent, and helped him to see the world in a different light.

Who would have thought that Dante would bare the same fangs which the governor helped him grow at the same governor?

With a roar that echoed his earlier cry, he charged, the massive lampstand raised high above his head, now a deadly weapon infused with all the power he had left.

The earth trembled beneath his feet as he rushed forward. His speed, despite his heavy frame, defied logic as he swung the lampstand with the force of a hurricane.

The glowing purple aura around it grew brighter, as if feeding off his fury, becoming a beacon

of his final vengeance.

Dante raised an eyebrow, impressed at the sheer speed and power the governor had mustered. But his body remained still, relaxed, as he waited for the inevitable clash.

The lampstand descended with a thunderous crash, the air screaming as it tore through the

space between them.

But just as it was about to connect, Dante moved-his form blurring once again. With impossible grace, he sidestepped the governor’s attack, the ground beneath them

exploding as the lampstand impacted the earth, sending chunks of stone and debris flying

into the air.

“Too slow,” Dante whispered, appearing behind the governor.

The governor roared in frustration, spinning around with another wild swing, but Dante dodged it effortlessly, his movements fluid and calm.

Each attack was met with the same frustrating evasion, as if Dante was merely toying with

him.

“You’re wasting your time, old man,” Dante said, his tone almost bored now. “This won’t change anything. The space between a Sage and a Paragon is enormous, more enormous than

you can ever imagine.”

The governor’s breathing grew more labored with each swing, his once-unstoppable force

beginning to wane.

But he refused to give up. With every ounce of strength left in him, he continued to fight, each

attack more desperate than the last.

Dante sighed, stepping back to avoid another furious swing.

“You know,” he began, stretching his arms casually, “I could have ended this a long time ago.

But I wanted you to see it. I wanted you to see just how far you’ve fallen.”

As if on cue, Dante disappeared and reappeared instantaneously. He was carrying the governor’s dead daughter in his arms like a fallen bride.

His mouth contorted sadly, “She’s dead. She really is dead. Your granddaughter. The reason

why you became a corrupted bastard. The reason why you became the same people you loathed. The reason why you abandoned us all, to protect her, to give her a better life, to nurture her. Is this not it?!! Is this not it Salmandell, Iron Wall of the military.”

Dante’s face crumpled into dark disgust.

“A sage. A mere sage is all you were able to amount to. You could have been the strongest if

only you didn’t stop chasing.”

Neglecting the cries of the lieutenant, the sight of her only reignited the governor’s fury, but

his body was betraying him, his movements growing slower, his energy draining with every

failed attack.

The purple aura around the lampstand began to flicker, weakening as the governor’s strength

gave out.

His swings became sluggish, and finally, with one last, pitiful attempt, he swung the glowing weapon at Dante.

The strike was weak, drained of all power, and Dante didn’t even need to dodge.

The lampstand slipped from the governor’s hands and clattered to the ground.

He stood there for a moment, his body trembling, barely able to keep himself upright. Blood dripped from his wounds, pooling at his feet, and his breathing was shallow, ragged.

Dante watched him, still carrying the governor’s daughter, before casually tossing her body

to the ground in front of him.

The governor collapsed to his knees, staring at her lifeless form. Tears streamed down his face, mixing with the blood and dirt on his skin.

He reached out with trembling hands, trying to touch her, but his strength was gone.

“Please…” the governor whispered, his voice barely audible now. “Not her… please…”

Dante’s grin widened. “You know, mentor, I never did care for sentimentality. But watching you now… it almost makes me feel something. Almost.”

With a swift motion, Dante pulled out his sword from where it was buried, the blade gleaming

in the dim light.

He stepped forward, raising it above the governor’s head.

“In the end… you are still a crybaby…”

His face struggled for a bit as he heard the governor’s voice echo in his ears. He frowned with

determination barely a bit later.

“You were a good teacher,” Dante said softly, his voice devoid of mockery for the first time.

“But all things must end.”

The sword came down, swift and precise.

And with that final strike, the governor’s body cleaved into two equal halves, blood gushing

out furiously.

Dante wiped the blade clean and sheathed it, standing amidst the destruction, his expression returning to its usual cold detachment.

The wind picked up once more, carrying away the dust and debris of the fallen estate.
_______________________________________

Chapter 550: It Is Not Enough
Northern could feel it. His body was reading it as much as he was trying his best to read it with his mind. It was just like when he had fought with Night Terror.

Every difficult threat was perceived by his body and was, in a way, overcome. This one, of course, was taking longer because it was a very intricate ability.

One that he could not even figure out completely how it worked.

Northern had first thought about using Erasure to lock the elf’s ability. But it wouldn’t be a fair ability. Honestly, he wanted to consider deleting the ability.

Because there was no fun in locking an opponent’s ability.

Right now, what he wanted was for them to fight with their full strength. Let them give it their all. So he could crush their peak and climb above it.

That way, he would enjoy crushing them more. His eyes glinted with malicious enjoyment as he thought about it.

But something kept bothering Northern.

Why was Void Force failing? Why?

Amidst his puzzled thoughts, the elf came again, silent as ever, his blade of wind materializing out of thin air.

Northern’s body instinctively reacted, dodging to the side, but once again, he felt the familiar sting as the invisible attack grazed him.

Blood trickled down his arm, but Northern’s grin widened, his mind racing.

He had faced entities whose power dwarfed this elf’s, and each time, he had come out on top. This was no different.

Except… it was.

“Why can’t I sense it again?” Northern muttered under his breath, his gaze locking onto the elf as the wind shifted once more, obscuring the cult leader’s presence.

His Void Force should have activated by now, stretching the distance between him and the threat. But the attacks slipped through, bypassing his defense.

The elf appeared again, this time with a wicked grin.

“Struggling, aren’t you?” he taunted, his voice carried by the wind. “Your abilities and speed are useless against the Gale. You’re not as invincible as you think.”

Northern’s eyes narrowed. “We’ll see about that.”

The elf disappeared once more, but this time, Northern was prepared.

He closed his eyes, shutting out the distraction of the swirling winds, and focused.

His Void Force wasn’t reacting because it couldn’t register the attack. The wind wasn’t just hiding the elf-it was masking the intent behind the attack itself.

Whispering Gale was manipulating not just the air, but the pressure around the attacks, displacing them just enough that Northern’s ability couldn’t fully comprehend them as immediate threats.

It was like trying to grasp smoke-by the time you felt it, it was already gone.

Northern’s eyes shot open. ‘So that’s it.’

He couldn’t rely on Void Force to save him this time.

He’d have to fight without it—at least until he could break through the elf’s wind distortion.

‘It was a good thing I met Jeci that time; if not, this would have been quite an issue.’

Northern could fight without having to use the Void Force. And he could fight very well, so to say!

The elf struck again, a gust of wind slicing toward Northern’s back.

This time, Northern moved preemptively, twisting his body just before the pressure built up, avoiding the brunt of the attack.

The wind grazed his shoulder, but the cut was shallow.

“You’re getting desperate,” Northern called out, his voice cold. “If you think this wind is enough to stop me, you’re wrong.”

The elf reappeared in front of him, his face twisted in anger. “You dismissed the one thing that was keeping you safe from my attacks; how foolish of you. You can never beat me.”

He wasn’t surprised the man noticed Void Force; in fact, he now understood why the elf had been attacking the way he had been.

It was quite obvious. He had understood from the beginning that his normal attacks would never reach Northern.

‘He is a brilliant fighter, I wouldn’t lie,’ Northern for a moment was caught in amusement. Northern’s grin returned, sharp and dangerous. “I don’t need Void Force to crush you.”

The elf’s eyes flared with fury, and the winds around him intensified, whipping into a frenzy. The air pressure grew heavy, suffocating, and Northern felt the weight of the Whispering Gale closing in on him from all sides. The elf was going all out now.

Northern’s grip tightened on Stainless, his mind clearing.

He had been holding back, trying to figure out the elf’s tricks. But now, there was no need for

that.

He had learned enough.

As the elf vanished once more into the wind, Northern made his move.

His body blurred with speed, his enhanced physical abilities pushing him beyond the limits of

most beings.

He wasn’t waiting for the attack this time-he was going on the offensive.

The elf reappeared to strike, but Northern was already there.

His blade met the elf’s wind blade, and the air crackled with energy as the two forces collided.

But Northern didn’t stop. He twisted, bringing Stainless down in a devastating arc, black

flames erupting from the sword and scorching the ground.

The elf leaped back, but Northern followed, his movements fluid and relentless.

Each strike was faster, more precise, pushing the elf further and further back.

The cult leader’s once confident expression was beginning to falter.

“You’re-impossible!” the elf spat, his voice trembling with frustration as he tried to keep up with Northern’s relentless assault.

Northern’s grin widened. “Now, I’m just getting started.”

He swung Stainless once more, this time aiming not for the elf, but for the air itself.

Black flames exploded outward, disrupting the flow of the wind and scattering the

Whispering Gale.

The elf’s control over the wind faltered for a split second.

And that was all Northern needed.

In a blur of motion, he closed the distance between them, driving his knee into the elf’s gut.

The cult leader gasped in pain, his wind blade flickering and fading as his concentration

broke.

Northern didn’t let up. He grabbed the elf by the collar, lifting him off the ground with one hand, his eyes cold and merciless.

“I told you,” Northern said, his voice low and dangerous. “You’re not as clever as you think.” The elf struggled, trying to summon the wind again, but Northern’s grip tightened, and his

presence overwhelmed the cult leader.

The winds began to die down, the air growing still around them.

“You… can’t… stop the wind,” the elf choked out, his voice barely a whisper.

Northern’s grin turned into a sneer. “Watch me.”

With a final, brutal motion, Northern slammed the elf into the ground, the impact cracking

the stone beneath them.

The cult leader’s body went limp, his control over the wind shattering completely.

Northern stared down at the elf with a cold intensity. He raised his sword up, pointing its edge

towards the elf.

His eyes glowed with the cold light of a killer’s gaze.

As he was about to drive the blade into the elf’s throat, a voice suddenly called.

“Northern!!”

His sword stopped just at the throat of the elf.

“What have you done, Northern?” Shin stared around, horrified at the way bodies in pools of

blood littered the ground.

Northern furrowed his brows and raised his head nonchalantly.

[You have copied talent Whispering Gale (A) for 600 talent fragments]
