Chapter 511: The Lead
Rughsbourgh was very crafty and definitely knew what he was doing from the first day he sent them to the heart of that disaster.

Northern didn’t want to believe he didn’t actually expect them to return.

So was becoming a Luminary his fail-safe?

No. It couldn’t be; it was too magnanimous to be a fail-safe. It had to have been

Rughsbourgh’s goal all along.

Becoming a Luminary.

That would explain to a degree why he had found a way to artificially force open rifts. If he wanted to have access to stronger monsters, he’d have definitely done that.

However, wasn’t it dangerous? Why the need for so much power?

Northern’s mind automatically generated the answer following the question it posed.

‘The more you get, the more you want?’

Until one got to the pinnacle, as far as they had resolve, they wouldn’t stop striving to become stronger.

He could relate and understand to a certain degree. Despite the emptiness that was growing in him because of the Void, he still wanted to grow and become even stronger.

It is a natural law for humans to become greedy and corrupted in the pursuit of power, such that they abandon morality and become consumed by darkness.

Northern himself could feel the danger of such a path.

A shaky breath broke out of him subtly as he tried to re-rein himself.

“Oh, right.”

Thalen’s thick voice distracted him from his thoughts, causing Northern to shift his eyes to him, deadpan at first.

“A word came in; indeed, there have been sightings that could be linked to the followers of Vitan.”

Northern frowned darkly for a moment. Hope trickled into his heart at the thought that he would be opportune to save his mother, making the grimness of his expression simmer down a little.

With a light raise of his brow, Northern asked.

“If these followers of Vitan are from the underworld, won’t they be trying to go back there?”

“Of course they would. Which is why we need to move fast, whatever the case may be. Since I don’t want to be busted, I will assign a team with you. Is that okay?”

Northern shook his head in defiance, “I don’t want any team. Us three is enough.”

Thalen stopped inspecting the map he was leaning on and straightened up to stare into Northern’s eyes.

“I warned you not to underestimate these people. Moreover, it hasn’t even been confirmed if they are with your mother. At the very least, we know to suspect something since traces of them were found in Arcadia.”

This time, Northern could not suppress the grim expression.

“Arcadia of all places?”

“Yes, Arcadia of all places,” Thalen repeated with a concentrated gaze at Northern before averting his eyes to return to what he was doing.

If one was to speak of a place where the government was more prominent, then the first city that would come to their mind was Arcadia.

Several others existed, but Arcadia held the significance of the largest democratic religion.

The authority and presence of the government is quite evident in these places, with one of the important seats of the governing council overruling this place as its Mayor.

‘Except he is not in power anymore… it’s been a while since I read the news after all.’

Either way, whoever was there was bound to be a loyal dog of the government.

Causing trouble in a place like that will definitely not work to his advantage if he wanted to keep a low profile.

‘Or fuck low profile?’

…

No.

As much as Northern didn’t want to give a damn and just burst everything, he was now more than ever, more wary because now there are evidences of beings beyond mortal existence behind the events surrounding him.

The one thing he doesn’t want to do is let things haphazardly happen and fall beyond his control.

As much as he wanted to save his mother, he wanted to also believe these followers of Vitan and particularly, Vitan itself, held a semblance of significance to whatever it is fate is trying to get him to do this time.

And being vigilant is being able to control every single event.

‘Who says I have to be the one doing it anyway?’

It was an incredible thing he had servants!

Eyes sparkling with renewed hope, he looked at Thalen and said:

“When do we depart for Arcadia?”

Thalen raised a brow, “What are you saying? I thought you just understood the significance of this place. You can’t afford to be lousy…”

“Don’t worry, I won’t. All I’m just doing is investigating this cult and the disappearance of my

mother.”

Skepticism wallowed across Thalen’s face for a moment. Eventually, he succumbed.

“Fine, but I will attach a scout to you.”

“As long as such a person is able to save themselves, I have no issue with it.”

“That’s quite cold of you to say?”

Northern did not respond and just walked out of the library, his steps barely making any

sound.

After Northern had stepped outside, Thalen bent over the table, glanced back, and shook his

head.

“I don’t know if he is a child or an adult in the body of a child. Sometimes, talking to him feels like a different kind of hassle.”

He brought back his focus to the map he was looking at and continued to intensively study

them.

Northern, after the first day, did not use the dark hall to go to the headmaster’s library.

‘Now that I think about it, wasn’t that so dramatic? I’ve not even seen them since then.’

As their name implied, the Ghostwalkers have gone back to being ghosts as they should be.

There was an elevation mechanism that transported him from the underground where the library existed to the top floor of the citadel.

As he stepped out of the elevator, he met Shin in the bright hallway, who was walking down.

“Father!”

Northern quickly called out, running towards Shin.

Immediately he heard, Shin turned back. Compared to his beaten and battered look while they

were at the border, his eyes seemed to have gained a little life.

He smiled as Northern came towards him; he was holding a pile of paper.

Northern looked at the paper and curiously inquired, “What are you carrying?”

Shin let out a soft smile as he responded, his face almost shining.

“Since they were kind enough to accept us temporarily and even help and provide for us, I

think it is only polite that I help the Secretaries in any possible way I can.”

Northern watched his father respond, his face frozen with dark disgust.

He shook his head vigorously almost a second later, rebuking.

“You are not my father. Who are you?”

Shin stood there, a light smile etched on his lips, eyes closed.

Northern sighed and broke the main news.

“Anyway, I have found a lead on mother.”
____________________________________________

Chapter 512: Intro: Rise Of The Revolutionalist
In the labyrinth of damp stone, a man moved through the narrow, winding passageways of the underground prison like a regal shadow, his presence commanding attention even within the oppressive walls.

His black hair fell past his shoulders, streaked with a sharp contrast of white that caught the dim, flickering light from the iron lanterns.

A single red scar traced over an eye, stopping on his cheek, a mark of a past battle that had left him unchanged in his stoic demeanor.

His eyes, half-lidded with an indifference only sharpened by his inner focus, scanned the gloom ahead.

On either side of him marched two soldiers, both of whom strode alongside him with purpose and stoicism, struggling to stand up to his.

Their tailored jackets’ brass buttons gleamed in the low light. A scarlet sash draped across their chests, contrasting against the polished silver of their epaulettes.

Their high-collared uniforms were rigid with authority, every line precise, the dark trousers tucked neatly into knee-high, black leather boots.

Atop their heads, a tall shako crowned with a plume added to their imposing stature.

The man was also dressed in the same manner, except that he had no headgear, and over his pitch-black uniform was a black overflowing coat and a long curved sword strapped to the right side of his waist.

The air grew colder as they descended deeper into the dungeon’s bowels.

The stench of wet stone and rot thickened, though it never seemed to touch him.

His expression remained unbothered, as though the darkness itself bent to his will, recoiling at his presence.

The walls around him, slick with dampness and grime, groaned in protest as if recognizing that someone of his caliber did not belong in these forsaken depths.

But there was a purpose to his journey.

A rusted iron gate appeared before them, leading to the innermost sanctum of the prison.

The guards hesitated, but he moved forward without pause.

The gate creaked open, the sound loud and jarring in the silence.

He stepped through, his movements measured, unhurried.

Inside, the space was cramped, lit by a single torch flickering in its sconce, casting long, erratic shadows.

The cells beyond were dark recesses in the walls, filled with the whispers of forgotten souls. But he was not here to feel pity.

He moved past the cells and finally stopped in front of one, his sharp eyes falling on the prisoner hidden deep within the darkness.

The prisoner sat cross-legged in the core of the engulfing darkness.

As the man stopped in front of the cell, his eyes opened. A gleaming white orb, glowing in the cold embrace of the shadows.

The man sent down a look of disdain, his eyes viciously emphasizing the air of authority that loomed around him.

He turned to the guard on his side and commanded, his voice reverberating in the hollowness of the dungeon.

“Open it.”

His voice was rich and steady, carrying the weight of his command without the need for volume.

The soldier to his right hesitated but suppressed his fears immediately and hurriedly proceeded to open the barred gates to the prison.

After several clankings, he stepped back, bowing his head. The gate slowly creaked open.

The man fearlessly pocketed one hand, resting the other on the hilt of his sword while he entered the cell.

“It is you, isn’t it? The prophet.”

The man raised his white orb eyes to meet the gaze of the man towering above him.

“Lieutenant Dante… Oof, the glory of your presence is oppressing the creatures of darkness, like a malignant light, spreading to illuminate and burn.”

“I am not interested in your prophetic rant.”

He snatched the prisoner’s hair before his eyes could follow.

Then lifted the prisoner to his face like a weightless doll.

“I hear you have the ability to see the future.”

The prisoner, despite being pulled by his hair, expressed no displeasure; his face was deadpan as the man asked his question.

As he answered, a smile slowly curved his lips.

“It’s more complicated than seeing the future. Let’s just say, I am a ticking time bomb Ul is waiting patiently to destroy.”

The man narrowed his eyes, discontented.

“Like I said, I am uninterested in your prophecy, it’s puzzles and their pieces. What use are you to me?”

The prisoner’s smile spread into a sinister grin. He spread his hands, shining his teeth like a man ridden by madness.

He brayed, “I see a world where you stand at the pinnacle of the Central Plains. And march to merge the world together once again. This vision of an age to come is the reason why you are standing before me…”

He paused and resumed with a low and melancholic tone, “However, there is one person that you will need to ascertain your victory.”

The man grimaced; he clenched the entire face of the prisoner with quick hand movements

and smashed the prisoner into the wall of the prison.

Stone debris flew out as a webbed crack ran into the wall.

‘When did he move?!’ The prisoner could not comprehend.

They were in the middle of the prison; he didn’t sense the man move at all, just his back crashing into the wall and a network of pain spreading across his back.

‘Indeed! He is the one! He is a Paragon!’

“Do you think I have come this far to rely on someone?”

“Gaah…” He struggled to speak as he gargled with blood in his mouth.

The man released him, causing him to fall on the low mattress laid on the ground.

The guy coughed up blood several times and steadied his breath as he explained.

“It is not that you need him. It is just that there is only one person that Ul has no control over, in this entire continent. Having him by your side, I’m sure it would make your actions unpredictable to a certain degree.”

The man furrowed his brows, lingering for a few seconds before inquiring, “And who is this

person?”

“I-I don’t know, but having me by your side will help you find him faster. Have me with you, and I shall pave the way for your majesty to tread.”

The man narrowed his eyes viciously for a second, then pocketed his hand.

“What good are you?”

“I have waited twenty-three years for this moment. I have prepared in every way for the day you shall approach me. For the day that the purge will begin, the day that the Revolutionalist

shall rise again. I am every good that you need.”

The man’s eyes ignited with a subtle but intensely mad spark.

“You said the purge. You really know.”

“I am your ultimate weapon.”

Silence settled in the dungeon as the man examined the prisoner kneeling before him, his

eyes carrying a weight of overwhelming authority.

Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
____________________________________________

Chapter 513: Alystren
Northern, Ryan, and Shin stood in front of Thalen’s table. Thalen himself was sitting on the table.

The place looked more scattered with papers and maps than it had been just a few days ago. Northern was curious as to why he had been so busy with documents and maps, but not all curiosity of his needed to be satisfied.

It didn’t bother him to the edge; besides, he had his own matters to deal with.

The day before, Thalen had informed him of certain information that said there was a major clash of the followers of Vitan with the government.

However, there were several facets to this news. Thalen believed it could be random trouble that leaked out, or it could be that someone else had discovered that they were not of this world.

Although he had immediately felt like the latter guess was just a result of his insecurities and overthinking.

It was most likely the former.

Northern inputted the possibility of a trap, but Thalen expressed so much trust in the authenticity of his information that it was impossible for it to have been a trap to lure anyone.

If it was, his information source would have known that fact also.

He didn’t say it, but Northern already figured that this information organization was probably the same one Shin was planning to go to.

Which meant they indeed worked for Tharion or were a branch of Tharion.

Hence, the three of them had assembled here to move as soon as possible to Arcadia.

The door of the library opened, and a tall, green-haired person walked in with an elegant and controlled posture.

He was draped in a flowing black robe with delicate gold accents; he seemed to glide rather than walk, his movements graceful, deliberate, almost as if each gesture was calculated to perfection.

There was an air of mastery around him. Upon approaching them, he casually placed his hands around Thalen, with a whimsical smile on his lips.

“Yeah, everyone, this is Alystren, the assistant headmaster of Thalen Citadel.”

“Oh?” Northern’s eyes went round.

‘From the moment he entered, there had been a different air around him. But I didn’t actually expect he’d be the assistant headmaster and he’s human… if he’s acting like that around Thalen, then they must be friends.’

“These are a bunch of strong ones you’ve got here, buddy.” His tone rang out, confirming Northern’s internal speculation.

“Yes, they are the new temporary recruits of the citadel.”

Alystren looked into his friend’s eyes, his expression briefly serious.

“You are doing that, aren’t you?”

“We can talk about it when you come back. For now, I need you.”

Alystren turned his stunning green eyes to Northern and his crew.

“Hmm, if you involved me, then it must really mean a deal or two,” he said, his tone carrying an underlying intensity beneath its casualness.

Thalen focused on the three of them opposite him.

“Alystren is the best scout in the whole of this continent.” He brought his eyes particularly to Northern, “…and he is capable of protecting himself and all of you. Although I doubt if you’ll be needing his protection. But the one thing I am sure you’ll be needing is his leadership. He knows Arcadia very well and can guide you.”

Immediately, Alystren staggered back, his face paling.

“What? Arcadia? Are you insane? Why would I want to go to that place?”

Thalen closed his eyes peacefully, breathing out.

Northern, on the other hand, was irritated.

“Didn’t you tell him where he was going?”

“Actually, I didn’t tell him where he would be going, I just said he’d be escorting some people

to a place,” he pointed out tiredly, “because I knew he’d be like this and might even refuse to

go.”

‘Now, this just makes me super curious as to what it is about this city that has everyone shitting their pants.’

“No, this is not a matter of me being like this. I really don’t want to go there. You know I need to lay low for a while.”

“And you will be laying low. No pressure, they are well enough to protect themselves as you can see.”

Alystren took a moment of pause, examining the three people standing before him with a scrunched up face then he turned his eyes to his friend beside him.

“I’m serious. I really won’t interfere no matter what.”

“You won’t need to,” Northern responded before Thalen could, a cold glare freezing the air between them.

His voice was sharp, like a blade cutting through the tension, leaving no room for doubt or discussion.

Alystren stood up, placing his hands on his waist, letting out a weird chuckle.

“Well, then, I am satisfied. I will take you to Arcadia and show you around.”

Thalen sighed, as if he had just dodged a bullet thanks to Northern.

He then intoned, “Please, you guys can carry on. I’ll brief him and then send him out to you.”

“Alright, thank you, sir,” Shin responded and turned around.

Northern glanced at both of them before turning around to follow Shin and Ryan.

After the door got shut, a deadly serious expression rose on Thalen’s face.

“You seem to be going out of your way to help them. What’s the catch?”

“I know I said not to interfere, but there’s something I need you to do for me.” Alystren’s expression changed a little bit, worriedly boring into Thalen’s soul.

Ignoring the look on Alystren’s face, Thalen continued.

“The person they want to save. If you feel the situation cannot permit her to be saved, she is a figure that might jeopardize all our plans. I want you to kill her and everyone.”

His tone rang out with a cold indifference.

“How wicked of you. Well, if it’s what you think will protect us and all we have worked so hard

to build, then I will do it.”

Thalen’s expression broke into a smile, radiating with kindness.

“Thank you very much for this, Al, for all you have been doing.”

Alystren’s expression froze for a moment with a smile. He tapped Thalen’s shoulders, his

pleasant smile almost glowing.

“You don’t need to thank me. I thank the day I met you twenty years ago because of it, I have been able to live my life so fulfillingly… if I die now, there’s nothing to regret.”

Thalen’s eyes narrowed.

“You won’t be dying.”

“It’s Arcadia. That damn place has an element of unpredictability.”

“It will be fine as long as you don’t run into them.”

“And what are the chances of not running into them?”

Thalen did not respond immediately, but Alystren was not waiting for his response either.

He smiled and dragged Thalen into his embrace, wrapping his muscled arms around and

tapping his back.

“It might be a last farewell, but don’t be emotional. With or without me, you can do this. Just

don’t be too hard on yourself.”

Thalen felt an unexplainable, powerful ease settle into his entire soul.

He bit down on his lips and forced himself to mutter.

“Thank you, but please… don’t die.”
____________________________________________

Chapter 514: Mr Tour Guide
Northern had been worried about how their journey was going to go, solely because of the Warp gate issue.

Of course, he had a little money right now. Thalen had been an incredibly helpful source recently.

Apart from paying Northern for helping him to successfully scout potentially powerful drifters, he helped register Northern’s identity as a regular drifter-not the incomplete license he had before.

Now, Northern could present his identity card to any citadel, government official, or security avenue that demanded it.

Thalen also helped him to open an account with the Central Plains Silver Bank.

There were three kinds of banks in the Central Plain: the Silver Bank, the Gold Bank, and the Diamond Bank.

The Silver Bank was mainly used by commoners and low-ranked nobles-at large, a population that wanted to save and withdraw their money in Credis.

Since the circulation of Orens was scarce and that of Crysts was even scarcer, the Gold and Diamond banks presumably served higher-ranked individuals or merchants, dealing in Orens and Crysts respectively, though the circulation of these higher-value currencies was limited. Silver banks facilitated everyday transactions and savings for the majority of the population. Commoners used the bank to store small amounts of wealth and withdraw for basic needs like food, rent, and trade.

Essentially, the Silver Bank’s focus was maintaining economic stability among the lower classes by encouraging savings and providing security for modest amounts of wealth.

The Gold Bank supported large transactions such as land purchases, investments, and trade deals. It served as a repository for wealthier individuals and entities, helping them manage larger sums of money in a stable manner.

They encouraged investment, business expansion, and larger-scale trade among the elite class and successful merchants.

The Diamond Bank functioned as a major motor of the economy, used for the rarest, most valuable transactions, such as financing wars, funding major trade expeditions between nations, or controlling powerful assets like rift resources and unclaimed territories.

They operated as a hub for controlling the economy on a macro scale, influencing the overall economic stability of nations and regions.

Every drifter without a nobility title or high-ranking government office was required to open a Silver Bank account, even if they were merchants.

The banking system could also be considered a sort of ladder that enabled one to climb higher in the economic system of the Central Plains.

But in a likewise pattern, it could also lead one to descend lower in that same economic system. All that mattered in the end was one’s source of income and how they managed their wealth.

The Silver Bank had a silver card with a specified index that allowed individuals to access their funds by just going to any Silver Bank outlet, which were mostly available in citadels and large market franchises.

Some taverns were also prominent enough to enlist a member of the bank to work for them, directly managing their funds from customers.

So, Northern could withdraw his money almost anywhere and everywhere. And he could use his card for purchases without needing to spend physical money.

In the past few days of working for and with Thalen, he had gained quite a lot of money, along with their incentives as a temporary members of the citadel.

Ryan had even asked him to keep his. Of course, Shin also had a Silver Bank account of his own.

Looking at his card, Northern grinned a little before tucking it back into the pocket of his fitted black pants that tapered smoothly down to his heavy, rugged combat boots.

The boots, with thick soles and metal accents, gave a tough and rebellious edge to the look, complementing the long coat that adorned his upper body, flowing with every slight movement of the wind.

The coat appeared to be made from a sleek, high-quality material, its length adding a sense of dramatic flair as it moved with his frame.

Underneath the coat was a black shirt, tight-fitting, framing his slightly broad chest. It was simple, adding to the streamlined and understated design of the entire outfit.

Northern’s entire ensemble leaned towards dark, modern, and tactical, with a mysterious and confident edge.

Shin and Ryan had also changed their outfits, looking more presentable, more like renowned drifters and less like survivors.

Finally, Alystren strolled out of the building, meeting them at the compound.

Northern turned around just after pocketing his card, calmly observing the man as he got closer to them.

Alystren cupped his hands together, bowing a little bit with his whimsical smile, a smile that made it difficult to tell what he was thinking.

“Your favorite tour guide is ready to take you ’round the world!” he yelled.

Northern moved his head slightly away, ‘This journey is going to be a lot.’

“It is great to have you on this one, Mr. Tour Guide. What route are we taking to Arcadia?”

Alystren spoke with his hand rubbing his chin.

“Hmm, son, you look like the eldest. I think I like you.”

‘Son?’ Northern blinked, exchanging glances between Shin and Alystren.

Shin smiled sheepishly as Alystren curved an arm over his neck and rambled on.

“For a low-key movement, we will be following a caravan to Elmuish, then we’ll board an airship straight to Arcadia.” He simpered, “Easy, right? Easy, right?”

“Yes, very easy, Mr. Tour Guide. I’m sure this is all thanks to your exquisite touring sense.”

Alystren suddenly froze, his pupils expanding; he felt the wind of new realization caress his

face.

“Are you okay, Mr. Tour Guide?”

He stared in absence, even as shin tried to call him to the present.

“Mr. Tour Guide?”

“Mr. Tour Guide?”

Finally, he snapped out of his thoughts and focused on Shin with a smile spread from one ear

to the other. He leaned on Shin.

“You and I are going to get along!”

Shin stared with blinking eyes but muttered either way, “Sure, I guess?”

“Well then. To Elmuish!” He commanded with a loud tone and marched forward.

Shin followed right after, “Yes, yes, Mr. Tour Guide.”

Northern, by the way, stared blankly from behind, seeing Shin like this made him remember

the old days.

There was a reason as to why Shin was very popular with kids around the countryside.

He had that shameless ability to put aside his grown-up self and relate to a child and a fool the way they needed to be related to.

A value that had made the whole countryside love and depend on him.

But recently, Shin hadn’t been what he had always known him to be; that joyful, playful

nature had vanished totally. What existed of him was silence and an air of regret and

melancholy.

‘I guess it’s good that he is being himself again.’

Northern let loose a small smile as he followed them from behind.
____________________________________________

Chapter 515: Sorta Bandit Trouble
For a few days, they boarded a local caravan, transporting unknown goods from South Drywall to Elmuish.

Unlike the two cities Northern had been to since his return from the dark continent, Elmuish was different.

It was no free city or governmental city; instead, it was a city that served as the capital state of the kingdom of Sassex, an old power kingdom.

Nations in the Central Plains are divided into two major categories: the old power and new power.

People often referred to the old power kingdoms as nations whose histories are rooted in the early beginnings of the Central Plains.

You’ll find their activity running as deep as the history of the Central Plains goes. Because of this, they tend to carry more political significance and national independence power.

This translates into their military strength, national financial pocket, trade authority, and special resources.

There are some resources that you will find in these old power kingdoms that you won’t find elsewhere. Sometimes (not in all nations) their entire ecosystem, down to military power, is often built according to these resources.

These resources are usually normal materials that have been affected by soul essence and the effect of several rifts manifesting in certain areas for an extended duration.

Because of this, the resources have mutated and evolved, becoming something valuable enough to match the importance of the resources that are found in the rifts themselves. Then the new power kingdoms are, of course, newly built and established kingdoms.

They might be financially more stable than even old power kingdoms sometimes, but old power kingdoms would often be found with the resources and sometimes military power. Including the Empire, Central Plains had twelve kingdoms, five of which are old power. Aside from these twelve monarch domains, there exist several cities, clan territories, dark plains, and islands, all of them still a part of the Central Plains.

For example, Arcadia is an island that had solely belonged to the government. The island that the academy was situated on is practically a city of its own.

No governmental or national authority affected this place; it was why the academy was almost like a continent of its own. And also why the Supreme Student Union had an authority that was absolute.

Sassex had seven cities, including Elmuish, and is prominent for its wood.

Called Elderwood Timber.

“Wood? How come wood is what a nation is prominent for?” Northern spoke nonchalantly.

But deeply, he understood what that must mean. However, he didn’t want to-for now- display such reasonable understanding.

At least, asking the obvious and not understanding the easily understandable would give Alystren the opportunity to greatly underestimate him.

Although he didn’t need to pretend to that extent for Alystren to underestimate him, he was sixteen; everybody underestimates him.

But what doing this would cause Alystren to be is less vigilant around him.

So, he wouldn’t strain to put some pieces of certain puzzles together as to the true reason why he is following them.

‘Like hell I would believe Thalen called in a favor with a friend this strong just because he wants to help us?’

He didn’t trust Thalen at all, and for that, he was super wary of Alystren.

Although he was so casual towards the man that no one could even figure that out.

“Yes, but Timber wood is not just wood.” Alystren explained, raising a finger with a chuckle.

He looked like he was telling late-night, dark stories to a bunch of children.

“It’s just wood, really,” Northern responded with an ignorant tone.

“This kind of wood cannot decay, and there are grades to it; some can even deflect steel.”

Northern’s entire face expanded with a childlike surprise.

“That’s a lie…”

“You’ll see when we get there. The city guards of the kingdom, even the knights and all the soldiers, they all wear wooden armor.”

Northern scrunched up his face, “No way.”

His reactions to the man’s words deserved a special space in Thalen’s heavenly library; that was how phenomenal they were.

Suddenly, the caravan stopped. The part they were in was a wooden cart, filled with grass-like carpets and barrels.

Ryan was resting on one of the barrels, while Shin was sitting cross-legged, also paying attention to what Alystren was saying but not actively in the conversation.

Northern looked around.

“Oh?” Alystren smirked.

It was quite obvious he knew something.

“What’s wrong?” Northern probed.

“Since we joined this caravan as security mercenaries, we would get disturbed a lot,” he spoke with a dark grin on his face.

“Is that so?”

‘Why the fuck are you grinning about that?’

“Yes, there’ll often be sorta sorta troubles during our journey, sorta blocked roads, sorta bandits, sorta troubles.”

Northern, honestly, at this point, was dumbfounded. Sometimes, it was like he was trying so hard to be funny that watching him try so hard to be funny just becomes, in a way, funny. Northern suppressed an urge to grin; thankfully, the person that opened the wooden door of the closed cart they were in made it easy.

“Esteemed drifters. I think there’s a roadblock in front.”

“Oh? Roadblock,” Alystren said, caressing his chin with his thumb, index, and middle finger.

“Yes, sir. What do we do?”

Northern narrowed his eyes a bit. ‘What do we do?’

“I see, I see… if there’s a roadblock, it must mean they are close by.”

He turned to Alystren, “They who?”

“Bandits,” Shin responded.

“Who wants to vanquish the foes of darkness and make justice reign again?!” He trumpeted,

raising his hands up like a mace of glory for anyone to grab.

Sadly, all three of his cart-mates totally ignored him.

“Uninterested,” Northern said.

“I think I’ll pass on this one, Mr. Tour Guide.”

Alystren’s green eyes defeatedly glided towards Ryan.

Snore snore snore

“You weren’t sleeping before! Liar!”

“Sir Drifter…?” The man perturbed.

Alystren begrudgingly jumped outside the cart and headed towards the blockade; it was a pile

of logs, stacked on each other.

He angrily kicked them out of the way, sending them flying into the nearby forest both on the

left and right.

Then, with his head oozing hot steams of grudge, he marched back to the cart behind the

main caravan and settled inside, folding his arms like a child.

Northern stared at him blankly before bringing to his attention, “It is important to note that you’ll also be the one delivering justice to your foes of darkness.”

“What?! That’s unfair?”

“Talk about fair… we didn’t know we were going to be mercenaries! Don’t they charge money

for these things?”
____________________________________________

Chapter 516: The Impregnable Wall
Works like this were usually commissioned to the citadel.

It was just like placing a request for drifters to help secure a certain caravan to its endpoint. Hence, there was no way this was a random caravan.

But Alystren had made it sound like they had gotten this one by chance.

As if the caravan was doing them a favor. Worse, Northern even suspected that this was a caravan that belonged to Tharion itself.

Of course, this suspicion was just on a single base for now, so he just shoved it to the back of his mind.

Instead, he closed his eyes and entered the Limitless Void, thinking one last thing.

*Whatever their scheme is, it’s useless anyway.*

He was greeted by the new beauty in the Limitless Void-a strange mixture of heaven and hell, with shadowy floors contrasting against ravishing azure lights.

Sinister flames burned on the border steps of his throne, creating an impenetrable veil for any being lesser than him.

The stark aura of evil supremacy poured heavily into the hall the moment he appeared, and the place suddenly seemed to burn and shine brighter.

Northern exhaled, the blue lights of the hall darkly reflecting on one side of his face as he leaned with one hand resting on his throne.

Night Terror appeared beyond the flames, obediently bowing before standing upright.

The creature began to move its hands, growling and groaning, trying to communicate with its master.

“I see… Is that so?” Northern responded, nodding slowly.

“Hmm, hmm.”

“Okay, there’s no problem.”

“Then, let me go check it out.”

Northern responded like this to each of the stalwart devil’s groans and growls of complaints.

After which, he disappeared from the throne and appeared in the red mines.

Being in this place again made memories flood his mind.

‘Why have I been thinking so much about this place and what happened here lately?’ Northern shook his head and walked forward with purpose.

After a while, he stood before a certain man.

After a while, he was standing before a certain person.

The man had small and shallow cuts all over his shirtless body, but he did not mind them and consistently slammed the pickaxe against the small heap of red crystal before him.

He was so focused that he did not detect Northern’s presence for over a couple of minutes.

Until Northern’s voice cut through the silence:

“You seem to be doing better than I expected.”

Lynus’s eyes shot wide as he heard Northern’s voice. He spun around, his axe arcing viciously from the side…

WHAM.

Northern stood there, completely at ease, as if the force of the blow was nothing more than a breeze.

The air itself seemed to shudder from the impact, but the axe went no further-stopped dead, hanging inches from Northern’s side.

“Look, I have the power to kill you if I want. But I’m not going to do that.” He paused, glancing down at the heaps of crystal Lynus had leveled. freёweɓnovel.com

Then he looked at the cuts on Lynus’s body.

“I first learned the meaning of bloodlust here, in these red crystals. Of course, before that, I had nearly tasted death myself. Perhaps that’s why I was able to sense it so much-the fear of dying over and over, the pain that stung across my entire body…”

His voice carried a soft resonance.

“They’re all gone now, but I still remember vividly how much of a hell this place was.”

He chuckled softly. “This hell, though, is where my story began… I think, in a way, I’m thankful for it.”

Lynus’s eyes burned with the red-hot flames of anger as Northern spoke, though a hint of wariness lingered beneath the rage.

After glancing around with a small smile on his lips, Northern finally turned his face to Lynus, the last trace of that smile fading.

The air between them grew thick and dark.

In that instant, Lynus couldn’t help but lower his axe, which had been held defensively until now. His entire body suddenly felt cold and heavy.

‘He’s even stronger than before!’

That realization seared into his mind as he gauged Northern’s presence, comparing it to when they had met at the harbor.

Suddenly, his thoughts raced to the recent disturbances in the Limitless Void, trying to comprehend how insanely powerful the creature was the one that had taken an attack strong enough to sever the realm in two just to defeat it.

His heart clenched with pain. The more vivid the memories became, the harder it was to accept that the boy standing before him was an impregnable wall.

A wall he could never overcome.

Standing before Northern like this, Lynus was still unwilling to accept it.

‘Defeat starts in the mind. Once a man is defeated there, it’s only a matter of time before true downfall comes for him.’

But what was he supposed to do when faced with such a high wall?

A dark metal fortress that stretched into the sky, casting its overwhelming shadows on him.

Lynus felt suffocated. Beads of sweat trickled down his face.

His legs grew weak, trembling until they could no longer bear the weight of his stubborn will, crumbling him to the ground.

Lynus fell to his knees, bending forward on the hard red ground, gritting his teeth as his nails scratched against it.

“How…? How are you so strong?” His voice rang with pain and torment.

He had lived his whole life training. From a young age, he had been praised as a prodigy. He had lived for twenty-eight years, and twenty-two of them had been solely dedicated to

growing stronger.

He was an Ascendant, and with more hard work, he was sure to become a Paragon before he

died.

He was a beacon of hope and strength.

Yet all that pride and glory meant nothing when he crossed paths with the wall standing

before him.

Nothing had made sense since he met Northern.

Northern bent down before him, exhaling calmly. He extended a hand to Lynus.

“Do you want to become stronger?”

Lynus looked up at him, a remnant of rage still burning in his eyes, but there was also pain, torment, and a swelling resolve in his hardened gaze.

“Are you going to tell me to serve you?”

Northern wrinkled his nose in disgust. “What? No. Serve me? Why? So you can stab me later?

No, you’re not going to serve me. I want to employ you.”
____________________________________________

Chapter 517: Jeci Vs Black Mamba
Northern appeared in the Tower, sitting cross-legged as he watched the duel between Jeci and Black Mamba unfold.

Both their spears sliced through the air like streaks of black and red lightning.

The faint sound of steel slicing the wind hummed in the space between them, followed by the rapid, rhythmic clash of weapons meeting in flashes of crimson and shadow.

Jeci’s breath came in controlled bursts, her pulse synchronized with the lightning-quick strikes of her spear.

Her movements were fluid-each step barely touched the ground before she sprang forward again, her spear a graceful extension of her body.

Every thrust was met with an answering parry from Black Mamba, whose lithe figure moved like a shadow in water, effortlessly absorbing the force of each blow.

His speed made him seem almost untouchable, like a phantom slipping through the air, leaving only a faint ripple in his wake.

The air around them seemed to warp, distorting as their bodies blurred in and out of focus.

From a distance, Northern’s eyes followed the fight with sharp intensity, an amazed smile frozen on his face.

He could hear the whistling of the spears cutting through the air-so fast that they sounded like rushing wind.

The ground beneath them shifted and cracked with every swift, forceful motion, yet there was an elegance in the chaos, a deadly dance where neither Jeci nor Black Mamba faltered.

‘It’s like they’re completing each other’s movements,’ Northern thought.

There was a synergy between them, a kind only possible after centuries of training together with the same footwork and combat style.

‘How long have they been doing this?’ Northern’s heart leaped with excitement.

He had grown so strong that he’d forgotten about furthering his understanding of Chaos footwork, but watching them rekindled something in him.

The fast, blurry movements, the insanely quick reflexes, the way they clashed with each other unrestrained—yet flawlessly flowing in and out of sync.

Northern cupped his hand over his mouth, utterly stunned.

‘For Jeci to match Black Mamba’s pace like this, she must have put in some crazy work!’ Northern’s mind raced.

Clearly, Jeci’s stamina was nothing compared to Black Mamba’s, but her focus was razor- sharp, her senses heightened as she predicted Black Mamba’s next move-a feint.

She spun gracefully to avoid his spear, the tip barely grazing her side. She could feel the shift in the air against her skin, as if the weapon had carved space itself.

Black Mamba’s eyes gleamed. His lithe body twisted as his shadowy black spear whistled through the air with brutal precision, but Jeci moved in tandem with his strikes, countering each one with her own.

The clash intensified, their strikes echoing across the room.

Sweat glistened on Jeci’s skin, and the taste of iron lingered in the air, blending with the sharp, metallic tang of their weapons.

Northern watched, his lips pressed into a thin line as he assessed every movement.

For a brief moment, everything slowed-Jeci saw an opening, a faint crack in Black Mamba’s defense.

She surged forward, her spear gliding in a perfect arc toward him.

But Black Mamba twisted, his body bending unnaturally fast. His spear swept low, deflecting hers with a sound like steel sliding against glass.

The force of the deflection sent a shockwave through the ground, scattering sharp sparks and gravel into the air.

Northern inhaled deeply, sensing the shift in momentum as both fighters recoiled, their bodies tense, ready for the next strike.

And then, as if cued by the same silent rhythm, they moved again-faster this time, a blur of movement so intense it was almost impossible to distinguish where one began and the other ended.

Jeci, her breath now sharper and quicker, pressed the attack.

Her spear danced in her hands, swift and unpredictable, each strike building upon the last.

She wasn’t just reacting; she was pushing Black Mamba, forcing him to adapt to her relentless assault.

Her stamina waned, sweat bubbled on her skin, yet her precision sharpened with each passing second.

It was as though she had entered a state of perfect clarity, where nothing mattered but the next strike, the next movement, the next decision.

Black Mamba, however, remained an enigma-his movements fluid, almost lazy, yet there was no mistaking the danger lurking behind his lethargy.

His black spear moved like a living thing, twisting and coiling in his hands, turning every strike into a lethal counter.

Where Jeci was fierce and direct, he was elusive, drawing her in only to slip away at the last moment.

Yet even in his evasions, there was an unshakable power within him, a coiled spring waiting to strike.

As Northern stared at the fight, an idea suddenly came to him.

‘What if I use it now?’

There was no better time.

A wide grin spread across his lips, and his eyes glowed with a faint blue hue.

And barely a second later his mouth fell, ‘Uh??’

Then what he saw happen, happened.

In one swift, almost imperceptible motion, Black Mamba broke the rhythm.

His spear struck with a speed that Northern might have found difficult to follow if he hadn’t already seen it milliseconds before.

A black blur cut through the air toward Jeci’s exposed side.

Jeci reacted, twisting her body with near-impossible speed, her spear coming up just in time

to parry.

The impact reverberated through her arms, and for a moment, she faltered.

Black Mamba didn’t miss the opportunity. His spear lashed out again, this time aimed low-a sweeping strike meant to unbalance her.

Jeci’s feet barely left the ground before she sprang upward, flipping gracefully over the deadly

arc.

Her body twisted mid-air, her spear aimed downward in retaliation as she descended. Northern’s heart pounded as he watched the maneuver, even knowing it beforehand didn’t

diminish the excitement.

Black Mamba had broken their rhythm intentionally, luring Jeci in to crush her. It was incredibly innovative-it took a genius to break a flow like that and redirect it into something more vicious, striking like a viper-without digging his own grave.

But what was even more shocking for Northern was Jeci’s maneuver. It was bold-reckless,

even.

‘If only she landed that strike, if only it wasn’t Black Mamba,’ Northern thought.

Time seemed to slow as Black Mamba looked up, his eyes locking onto Jeci.

For a split second, their gazes met—a silent exchange of understanding.

Then, with a flick of his wrist, Black Mamba’s spear snapped upward, intercepting Jeci’s strike

with impossible timing.

The force of the clash sent a shockwave rippling through the air, and both fighters were thrown back, landing in perfect synchrony on opposite sides of the room.

Their chests heaved as they caught their breath, their eyes locked onto each other-assessing,

calculating.

The air was thick with tension-Northern could feel it pressing against his skin, electrifying

the atmosphere.

“Oops, that’s enough.”

As both of them flashed out of their positions, Northern also vanished, intercepting the two

of them before they could collide.

Their eyes widened as they saw him suddenly appear, levitating in the air. They hurriedly

halted their movements but couldn’t help crashing into Northern’s Void force.

They fell right in front of him, stopped by the air, and slumped down.

Northern clapped for them both as he gently hovered down.

“Now, that’s what I call progress!”
____________________________________________

Chapter 518: Jeci’s Growth
“Your Highness!”

Jeci staggered to her feet, only to drop to one knee as Northern’s feet touched the ground.

“Really, you should pity yourself sometimes,” Northern said, his gaze settling gently on her with a hint of sympathy.

Black Mamba was also on both knees, paying absolute obeisance to his master.

Strangely, Northern didn’t mind it when Black Mamba or Night Terror did this; in fact, he expected it of them.

However, when humans did it…

‘Is it because of the void?’ he wondered.

To be honest, he still harbored doubts about Jeci. After all, she was human, and humans were true only to their desires.

He wasn’t questioning her loyalty right now-Jeci’s desire was to serve him-but what would happen when that changed?

She might begin to distance herself, looking for a reasonable way to break away from him without causing harm.

‘Which would be because of her human ego,’ Northern mused. ‘She’d feel bad about the promises she made and want to make up for them without continuing to be loyal or accountable. She’d try not to hurt me…’

But what if she wasn’t honorable enough to care about his feelings?

He couldn’t vouch for anyone’s loyalty as long as crimson blood flowed in their veins and their eyes sparkled with any kind of resolve.

That’s why Jeci’s unbridled show of loyalty toward him continued to feel uncomfortable, forced, and unnecessary.

It wasn’t true loyalty, merely gestures, and even he understood that much.

Someone could smile to your face, tell you that you meant the world to them, only to show up later with the very dagger you gifted them as a kitchen knife to stab you in the back.

‘It’s my fault for gifting them a dagger… should’ve found something blunt so it’d hurt less, I guess.’

“Master?” Jeci called out to him.

Northern’s cold expression softened a bit as he forced a warm enough smile to ease the tension in the room.

“How have you been? It’s been a while, hasn’t it?”

“I’ve been doing great! Thank you for bringing me here!”

Northern glanced around the room as Jeci responded, her voice filled with a tired but enthusiastic vigor despite the glistening sweat that trickled down her face and body.

The walls were carved with crude marks, cleanly sliced crevices slitting the concrete.

Some were more enormous than others, but all left the room with undeniable evidence of how much work Jeci had been doing.

Northern brought his gaze back to her, a corner of his lips curling up. “Looks like you’ve been really busy.”

“It’s all thanks to you and your guidance through this monster.” Jeci gestured toward Black Mamba with her eyes.

Northern blinked in surprise, then looked at Black Mamba, who avoided his gaze as though he knew what he’d done wrong.

‘This guy… Night Terror said he strongly warned him not to interfere, and he still went ahead and did it. And now there’s a misunderstanding…’

He didn’t know how to explain to Jeci that this wasn’t the case without giving an unnecessary talk about what Black Mamba really was. Besides, he didn’t feel there was any need to.

The more she misunderstood, the further it took her from his truth.

Should he decide to share his secrets one day, he would-though he doubted that day would

ever come.

“I’m glad you’ve grown… I don’t have much time. I just came to check up on you. Has anyone seen Mr. Fluffy around?”

“Mr. Fluffy?” Jeci tilted her head, then widened her eyes as she realized. “Oh! The big white wolf?”

“Yes,” Northern replied calmly, watching her strangely cute expression with interest.

It was a stark contrast to how she was when they first met. Now, she seemed like an innocent, clueless child.

‘She should let more of that smile out, not the crazy, insane ones.’

“I haven’t been outside since, so I really don’t know. What about you?” She turned to Black Mamba, who shook his head.

“I see…”

Night Terror unfurled in a mass of black tendrils, manifesting into a kneeling position.

He looked at Northern and growled with hand gestures.

It was oddly comical to see such a sinister being try to mimic human behavior. It tugged at Jeci’s heart with confusion.

What were they? How were they connected to Northern?

These questions had plagued her mind since the day she first saw them, but she had pushed them aside, unwilling to ask. It wasn’t her place to know.

Northern’s gaze suddenly grew distant as he stared forward, spaced out.

A second later, his eyes refocused, and a smile spread across his lips.

“Night Terror, find out what Mr. Fluffy has been up to.”

Then he turned to Jeci. “Keep training. I also think you should head to the Red Mine; there’s a

lot for you to learn there.”

With that, he vanished from their sight.

As soon as Northern disappeared, Night Terror shot Black Mamba a death glare before

melting into the ground.

A warm smile of fulfillment crept across Jeci’s face.

She clenched her fists and jumped up happily. “Yes! I managed to impress him!”

Black Mamba clapped for her-though his expression was bored, and the clap was very dull. But Jeci didn’t even notice. Her eyes radiated with renewed resolve as she vowed, “This is just the beginning of my growth. I’ll become strong enough to protect you, Your Highness.”

Black Mamba clapped again, disinterested in her feelings but genuinely wanting to cheer her on as she often did for him.

During their training, whenever he managed to evolve a move they had both been stuck on, she would always clap. freёwebnovel.com

He had no idea how or why it worked, but he assumed it did. Another really creepy thing he was learning to do was smile.

Northern opened his eyes to the slight warmth of the cart they were in.

It was deep into the afternoon, and the light hidden behind the horizon seemed extra harsh

today.

But that didn’t really matter-he was more interested in Alystren, who was kicking bandits away as if they were mere balls.
____________________________________________

Chapter 519: The Old Joker
Northern and Shin, from inside the enclosed cart, peeped out through the window, watching as Alystren dealt with the bandits.

Fascinatingly, he didn’t seem to put any significant effort into it. His hands were crossed behind his back as he nimbly kicked them around.

His movements were fluid, like a well-practiced dance. His feet barely touched the ground, yet the force of each kick sent a bandit sprawling through the air.

The way he moved

almost as if the very air bent to his will-made it hard to believe the bandits stood any chance at all.

One of the braver ones charged Alystren from behind, a deadly blade drawn, but Alystren didn’t even bother to turn around.

With a sharp pivot, he lifted his foot and kicked the bandit squarely in the chest, sending him flying back into a tree with a dull thud.

“Wow, he makes fighting look so easy…” Northern commented.

“It’s probably his combat style,” Shin replied.

“How so…?”

Northern paused for a moment, recalling that Shin was supposed to be a well-versed drifter with extensive combat experience.

Not to mention, he was a scion of the Kageyama clan, though whatever that meant to Shin in the present was unclear.

Recently, Northern’s desire to grow stronger and develop his own combat style had been rekindled, thanks to Jeci and Black Mamba.

If he needed a teacher-and he felt he did-his father could be the one. After all, he was a deadly warrior, or could be…

‘Since I haven’t seen the extent of his combat abilities.’

But in the past, Shin had vehemently refused to teach him anything regarding combat, especially the Kageyama style. freeweɓnovel.cm

As Alystren effortlessly dispatched the last of the bandits, both Northern and Shin settled back inside the cart.

Northern studied Shin for a few moments before speaking. “Father,” he called softly. Shin turned to Northern, slightly surprised.

He almost felt as if Northern had been trying to avoid calling him “father” since they returned.

But then again, he wasn’t too surprised. He knew his son had always been a complex individual.

“Yes, my son…” Shin responded with a warm smile spreading across his lips.

Northern looked down, hesitating as if he were waiting for something.

Then, as Alystren re-entered the cart, Northern continued, “I would like to learn martial arts from you.”

“Oh?”

The old joker couldn’t help but be awed by the first words he heard upon joining them.

Even Ryan seemed to have slightly opened his eyes, though no one noticed.

Shin stared blankly for a moment, blinking before recovering. “But you’re strong. What would you need that for?”

Northern chuckled faintly, looking down with darkened eyes, memories surfacing. “When I first held a weapon, it was to defend myself against a horror I knew I was powerless against. Do you know what saved me?”

Though his tone was questioning, Northern didn’t seem to expect an answer.

He continued after a short pause. “The drills we had while growing up. And saying they ‘saved’ me is an overstatement. They were useless anyway. Things wouldn’t have been any different even if I could wield a sword at the time. But maybe, down the line, I could’ve prevented the crude injury I sustained.”

He chuckled, dispelling the tension that had begun to settle in the air.

“There were people my age who could already fend for themselves, defend and fight monsters because their family lineage taught them how. I had to learn by facing the ugly side of war. Every battle I fought was an intense struggle to survive, to live just a second longer.”

Northern let out a pale smile as memories of the wars in the Kingdom of Red Mine filled his mind.

He took a moment to reflect before getting to his point. “In those situations, the sword became an ally-something I grew accustomed to.”

His eyes glinted with renewed resolve. “I won’t deny that I’m strong, but when it comes to close combat, I’m weak to some extent. I only compensate for that weakness with the versatility of my skills. But what I want is to grow without any weaknesses. I don’t want my talent’s versatility to patch over my flaws; I want it to conform to the peak of my potential, creating a non-stereotypical, ever-changing combat style.”

As Northern fell silent, he heard someone sniffing. He blinked.

“Uhm… Alystren?”

The situation was quite embarrassing for Northern, having shared a fragment of his past- something he rarely did.

Of course, there was a reason for this gesture, though he hadn’t expected it to have this much impact on Alystren.

“I’m sorry… I’m sorry for sobbing,” Alystren said, wiping his eyes. “Hearing about the cruel past you endured-my heart couldn’t help but wane for you. You’re so young, and you’ve already faced so much in life. I wish my son could learn from you.”

Northern was so taken aback that his jaw dropped. “How does an irresponsible man like you even have a son?!”

Alystren immediately glared daggers at him. Even Shin’s expression folded into a frown, silently conveying, ‘That was rude.’

Northern quickly realized his mistake. “Oh crap, did I say that out loud? I’m sorry, I didn’t

mean to.”

Alystren scoffed and then giggled. “It’s understandable. At my age, people think I should be more serious about life. But what’s life without a little fun?”

‘As long as it’s just a little…’ Northern made sure to keep his mouth sealed this time. But Northern was more inclined to think that Alystren’s definition of ‘little’ could be unreasonable.

Since the beginning of their journey, Alystren had been cracking one joke after another. His casual way of speaking was always laced with humor. Northern didn’t find his jokes particularly funny, but sometimes Shin did.

The two seemed to get along strangely well.

Shin knew how to stroke the old joker’s ego in a way that made him want to keep being

himself.

They even seemed somewhat alike when Northern compared the past shin to Alystren.

The only difference was, while Shin was jovial and lighthearted, he was also truly honest-in

both words and deeds.

But Alystren?

‘He’s full of shadiness.’
____________________________________________

Chapter 520: The Wooden City [Part 1]
Everything about Alystren, from his head to his toes, screamed to Northern, “See me, I am shady as hell.”

It was perplexing that he couldn’t figure out what exactly the old joker was thinking.

But Northern wasn’t in a rush.

“You see, I’ve decided to live my life by following my gut and instincts,” Alystren said. “That way, I’ve managed to survive deadly situations. My gut and instincts have brought me this far, boy, so I’m unapologetically myself. I just hope my son understands that one day.”

Alystren sighed.

Shin immediately patted his shoulder. “I’m sure the young lad will come to appreciate your nature and find value in your philosophy.”

“Right? I know, right?!” Alystren’s tone rose excitedly. fɾeewebnoveℓ.co๓

As Northern listened to Shin, the more he spoke, the less he resembled the father Northern once knew.

‘What the hell is that? He sounds so nice, I think I might puke.’

Amid the lighthearted atmosphere, Alystren grinned, gathering everyone’s attention with his words.

“That’s that, but do you want to know something right now?” He grinned widely, leaning towards Northern.

“If you’re willing to share, I guess…” Northern replied shyly.

The old joker slapped his thighs as he sat cross-legged.

“My gut and instincts are telling me you need to learn my unique combat style called Vikora.”

Northern tilted his head slightly. “That’s quite a unique name. Is it a heritage?”

“Uh? Heritage? No! No, boy, it’s nothing that grand. It’s just a kickass combat style my decrepit family with forgotten histories passed down to me.”

“At first, it seemed useless, but under my genius intellectual introspection, I found its flaws and rewrote it. Then I learned it better.”

His countenance fell as he continued, “Sadly, though, since I rewrote this combat style, no one has been able to learn it. I’ve tried teaching it to some renowned drifters, but it was no use.”

He spoke with a dull tone.

“You’ll probably not get it either, but there’s no harm in trying.”

Shin smiled brightly. “I’ll do my best to hone your combat skills to their peak, identify your flaws and shortcomings, and then we can start working on those.”

Northern’s lips curved up, a dangerous yet tender smile forming as he said, “Thank you.”

An unheard voice, thin as nylon, suddenly cut through the air.

“Uhm, me… too…”

Everyone turned their faces to Ryan.

“He’s been listening this whole time?” Alystren asked in stunned surprise.

Shin nodded, wide-eyed. “It seems he even sat up and crossed his legs, and we didn’t notice.”

“Wow, how is he so sneaky…”

“I have no idea…”

Northern shook his head in dismay as the two of them kept babbling on.

He leaned back and thought about what had just transpired.

He wasn’t sure Alystren would jump into the conversation at all.

The truth was, while he wanted to check if Shin had changed his mind about teaching him the Kagayama style, Northern was also curious to learn Alystren’s kick style.

From the old joker’s behavior, Northern predicted he would eventually jump into the conversation and, if things went well, might even want to teach him by the end of the day.

But why would anyone want to teach him?-Northern was confused.

Combat styles were guarded jealously. Sharing them meant revealing the patterns of your attack and defense.

Once someone knew your patterns, they could potentially break them.

But that was just the beginning-breaking your defense and offense was the least they could do with such knowledge.

In the hands of a genius, such information could be a lethal weapon used to destroy the drifter themselves.

That’s why many families guard the secrets of their combat styles, which was probably why Shin had refused to teach him.

Shin had insisted it was dangerous.

It was a big deal to teach another drifter your combat style. Being a man as shady as Alystren, Northern didn’t expect him to agree to it.

But then again, the way Alystren spoke about his combat style made Northern wonder, ‘Perhaps it’s not his main style.’

Then again, Alystren said it was unlearnable.

Maybe he was confident Northern wouldn’t be able to learn it either, possibly due to

something he had done to it.

‘Crap, I hate how I can’t tell.’

Trying to figure out what Alystren was thinking suddenly seemed harder than counting a bag of tiny grains.

Northern resisted the urge to scratch his head and leaned against the wooden wall of the cart, sighing.

At last, the cart finally stopped, and the driver opened the door, announcing, “We’ve arrived

at Elmuish.”

“Oh? We have? That felt fast.”

It hadn’t been a fast journey, but perhaps it felt that way because of the busy company, particularly the old joker he was traveling with.

With light steps, Alystren jumped out of the cart, straightened his back, and stretched his muscles.

He raised his arms high to the sky in jubilation and shouted, “Welcome to the Wooden City,

Elmuish!”

‘Really, the wooden city?’

It sounded funny at first, but a second later, Northern was stunned to discover that Alystren was completely correct.

Everything about the city was wooden from beginning to end.

Even the knights moved with a graceful yet imposing presence, their armor a testament to the craftsmanship of Elmuish.

Their uniforms were a blend of functionality and artistry, constructed from darkened wood reinforced with contrasting bands.

The chest plates were carved from thick timber, intricately engraved with the insignia of Sassex-a majestic tree whose roots intertwined with runes of power, glowing faintly with

soul essence.

Wooden pauldrons rested on their broad shoulders, polished to a smooth sheen, reinforced with another layer of wood, giving them a commanding and durable appearance.

Their gauntlets, fashioned from flexible wooden segments, allowed for both dexterity and protection, each fingertip capped with sharp wooden claws.

The knights’ greaves were similarly constructed-sturdy, resilient, and strapped with leather beneath for comfort-allowing them to move with the agility of trained warriors despite the

weight.

Over their armor, they wore deep green cloaks, symbolizing their connection to the woods, and trimmed with golden threads, denoting their high status in the kingdom.

Their helms, carved from the same dark wood, were fashioned into fierce, bestial shapes- some resembling wolves, others eagles-giving them an intimidating aura.

Slits in the helms allowed their sharp eyes to scan the surroundings with vigilance, while beneath the wooden visors, glowing runes pulsed gently, enhancing their perception and

alertness.

Strapped to their backs or sides were long wooden spears or swords, their blades made of enchanted wood, sharper and more resilient than steel.

Even their shields, round and solid, bore the emblems of their ancestors, with intricate

carvings etched into the wood.

And when Northern took a look at the city itself?

‘Wood, wood, wood, wood, wood!’
