Chapter 561: Double Evolution [PART 1]
Northern was motionless, his eyes dilated as the panel relentlessly poured out its information.

‘Just how many of them did I kill?’

All of them. With such an inventive and overwhelming use of Black Lance, he had decimated all the monsters. The entire flood was destroyed, with not a single one managing to slip out alive.

Not even the Maelstrom that pillared in their center.

And that was why talent fragments wouldn’t stop spilling forth.

Ryan landed in front of him with a pale face.

“What was that? How? What power is that? I thought your talent allows you to tame monsters and summon them, and you just happen to be an incredible fighter.”

Northern raised a brow in confusion. He then exhaled and smiled, touching Ryan’s shoulders.

“An incredible fighter is the one thing I am not. But I do think I am getting better,” he uttered.

Northern turned away from Ryan and looked around.

“Now, just how do we get away from this trap…”

Ryan allowed a slight frown to touch his brows.

“Get away from what trap?”

“Oh, you’ve not noticed it-” Northern suddenly stopped, his eyes expanding.

Ryan noticed his frame shaking from behind and asked, “Are you fine? You’re trembling.”

Northern raised a hand to silence him, staggering forward, a little bent over like his stomach was in pain.

He was gritting his teeth and holding it, his eyes glaring down.

‘What? Crap, I wasn’t expecting this. Did I gain so many fragments?!’

[You have gained over 4,000 fragments]

[You have gained a total of 9,688 talent fragments]

[Your soul capacity is 4,000]

[Your soul will be progressing to the next rank]

[You have 3 unused Talent slots]

[Unused talent slots are priced at 1,000 talent fragments per slot]

[You will gain 3,000 talent fragments upon evolution]

[Upon evolution, you will be left with 9,340 talent fragments]

[Your soul capacity at next rank is 5,000 talent fragments]

[Your soul will be progressing to the next rank]

Northern’s eyes widened.

‘What is this? What is going on? What is this insane boost?’

He was expecting many talents, but he wasn’t expecting to rise two soul ranks in a single

moment.

‘Damn! This is going to be tough.’

He managed to turn around to Ryan and looked at him, his eyes hinting at pain.

“What is suddenly wrong with you?”

“Something I didn’t expect to happen happened, so I’ll be tapping out for a bit.” He forced a smile, but it was pale and short-lived.

“Revant.”

A black and blue flame ignited behind Northern, and a replica of him appeared. The difference, however, was that his face was warmer, his hair was black, and the gaze in his eyes was not as deep as Northern’s.

However, the resemblance could still be noticed.

“He will protect me… I suspect that the rift is being separated by the guardian. I don’t know what is happening, but we are in a different compartment than the others are,” Northern rushed his speech.

The more he spoke, the more he could feel his shape lashing out, and it made a searing sting run across his muscles and bones like goosebumps.

“I don’t know what is happening. I have sent my summons after Shin, but I don’t think they’ve been able to reach him. So, I think you will have to find a way somehow.”

His gaze had become weak, barely hanging on by a weak flame.

“Whatever is the case… don’t die…” Northern collapsed to the ground.

Ryan, shocked, ran towards him to catch him, but Revant had done that already, his pitch- black eyes glaring at Ryan.

“Don’t tell me you want to touch my master with such tainted hands.”

‘Tainted?’ Ryan looked at his hands.

He didn’t say anything as the tall, black-haired Northern glared at him with disgust in his

eyes.

“What is happening to him?” Ryan asked, ignoring the look.

“He is about to go through a long, excruciating change.”

“Is his soul progressing?”

“That is what you mortals call it.”

Ryan frowned, deeply confused. “But how? He didn’t even absorb any soul cores.”

Revant looked at him with disgust again. “Trying to understand my master is insolence.”

He leaped back and landed away from the blood. Then he gently placed unconscious Northern down and watched with his hands behind his back.

Ryan watched for a couple of seconds with a slight frown etched upon his brows before he decided to fly away with his freezing wings-in search of what might be going wrong with the rift.

Meanwhile, as Northern fell unconscious, the first thing he saw was a vast and eternal

darkness.

However, he could instantly recognize what it was.

He had experienced this Void before; in fact, he felt more connected to it than that first time.

The darkness lingered. He didn’t know what was happening; the darkness was still and

unmoving, inactive.

He was about to progress through two ranks in one go. He had expected that it was going to be excruciating and painful.

However, it just felt numb. And that left him with a sense of foreboding, like something very, very bad was about to happen to him.

Because progressing through Maverick and Transient rank at the same time and becoming a

Sage cannot happen so easily.

With how his former evolutions had been, it was only right that he experienced something

that was incomparable.

But the darkness was still inactive, and he was just there.

[Congratulations]

[Your soul has evolved to a Maverick Rank]

[You have become a Savant]

[You have 6,340 talent fragments left]

[You have unused Talent slots]

[You have gained 3,000 talent fragments]

[You have 9,340 talent fragments]

[Your soul capacity is 5,000]

[Your soul is evolving]

Northern was expecting it, so seeing it he wasn’t so freaked out.

However, he still couldn’t get rid of that feeling in his gut.

Not to say that he felt immaterial-he couldn’t make out his hands, legs, or anywhere.

The stillness continued; everything, the soul evolution to a Transient rank was going

smoothly.

Then Northern felt something. As he focused on it, the darkness seemed to part to reveal it.

An almost whitish ball of energy swirled amidst the Void. It looked like a planet with a ring of

light around it.

Northern didn’t know why, but he could instantly tell what that was.

‘Chaos,’ his thoughts echoed.

‘Chaos is growing along with my soul. I hope that’s not ba-‘

A torrent of pain fell on him like mighty lightning ruthlessly shredding apart a tree.
_______________________________________

Chapter 562: Double Evolution [PART 2]
Northern felt the pain even though he wasn’t feeling material; he felt every part of his immaterial body experience the agony.

Northern’s essence trembled, every fiber of his being quivering as if gripped by an unseen hand and wrenched taut.

His immaterial form, unbound by flesh but somehow alive with sensation, throbbed with a pain so raw it was a symphony of agony.

Each note struck like lightning, racing through him with relentless ferocity.

It was as though his soul had become the heart of a storm, cracking under the pressure of an electric surge that shredded through him.

Bolts of pain tore across his essence, relentless and wild, splintering it in jagged fractures, each one sharper than the last.

His vision or whatever senses existed in this realm of formlessness-shattered with each pulse, each searing wave more violent, more unforgiving.

The agony didn’t simply hit; it twisted. The bolts of torment coiled into his soul, drilling deeper, vibrating with a force that seemed intent on unraveling him, cell by ethereal cell.

He felt every inch of himself tearing, felt it with a clarity that was too vivid, too real, as if he could hear his very soul screaming in response.

The air around him pulsed with an eerie crackle, resonating with his suffering, amplifying it, until he was drowning in it, a cascade of scalding shards that left no corner of his spirit untouched.

Then, as another torrent ripped through, so violent it felt as if he’d been split open, everything flickered into a different darkness, a merciful darkness.

The world faded, and with it, the pain ebbed, leaving Northern to fall, weightless, into the quiet, unconscious void.

After a while of being unconscious, Northern was woken by the sounds of numerous rushing notifications.

[Congratulations]

[Your soul has evolved to a Transient rank]

[You have become a Sage]

[All owned talents have gained two new talent abilities each]

[Your connection with the Void is growing]

[The seed of origin is germinating]

[The Seed of Void has reached the Sprouting stage of development]

[You have gained two new Void Abilities]

Void Tendrils: [Your connection to the Void manifests physically as tendrils of dark energy that emerge from your body. You can summon these tendrils to attack, defend or siphon life energy from their target. These tendrils have an almost liquid quality, capable of slipping through armors or barriers to reach their targets]

Fading: [You have gained the ability to partially phase out of existence, becoming a flickering, incorporeal shadow. In this form, physical attacks pass through you harmlessly, though you are still vulnerable to certain types of energy-based attacks]

[Chaos is becoming prominent]

[Chaos is rampanting]

[The void has reacted]

[Chaos and Void are negotiating]

[Chaos has settled for your body]

[Chaos has become prominent in your body]

[A defected seed has been planted in your body]

[Void resides in your soul, Chaos resides in your bloodstreams]

[You have gained Chaos essence]

[You have gained two forms of spiritual force]

[You have gained chaos new abilities]

Chaotic Resonance: [You can resonate with the chaotic energies around you, amplifying your physical prowess. This resonance could allow you to temporarily boost your strength or

speed, making you a formidable opponent in battle]

Chaos Infusion: [You can infuse items or allies with chaotic essence, granting them temporary enhancements or abilities. For example, a weapon could gain chaotic properties, making it unpredictable and able to bypass certain defenses]

[Chaos Thread has been promoted to Chaotic Regeneration]

Chaotic Regeneration: [Your body becomes capable of regenerating at rapid rates when surrounded by chaos. The process might be imperfect or unpredictable, potentially leaving small chaotic marks or distortions on your body, yet accelerating your healing]

[You have 4,340 talent fragments left]

[You have progressed without copying ANY talents]

[You shall receive a penalty]

Northern felt himself strain a little bit; he was struggling to put his consciousness all

together, but the information so far was registering in his mind.

‘Chaos and Void negotiated… those darned tenants, what gives them the right to be negotiating without my own consent?’

The more he tried to rise in agitation, he felt himself fall weak.

Things had progressed tremendously, and he wasn’t even expecting it.

However, he was still a bit concerned about that penalty that was mentioned. It was all that was said, and the system stopped ringing.

‘I guess I’m allowed to progress to another rank copying at least one talent. The other slots are converted into talent fragments, but when I don’t copy any talent, I get a penalty. Something smells fishy.’

Northern’s thoughts went silent for a bit then rose again. ‘I wonder if that darned trickster is gaining something every time I copy a talent. Or else why would he have given me this as a gift? Nobody just meets a soul and gives freebies.’

Which was why he felt the strong need to rely more on Chaos and Void.

Chaos and Void were uncalculated and unexpected variables. If he used them right, they

would be his weapon to shape himself out of any being’s expectation.

Which was the exact thing he was doing. But these two entities were just doing their own

thing and dangerously branching out.

Now, that was another danger he wasn’t sure how to manage.

‘I can’t always have it all my way. I guess I just have to choose what danger I want to better

deal with. I guess that settles it then.’

Northern was slowly, even though he didn’t have an idea, choosing his path.

Such thoughts and acceptance of the void and chaos brought about an understanding of not

just two but three entities.

The Void, which was his soul, The Chaos, which was his body, and his mind.

This gave birth to a new development totally outside Northern’s expectations. [The understanding between Chaos and Void has taken its root in your mind]

[A three entity unification has been formed]

[Your mind has blended into the synergy between Chaos and Void]

[Your knowledge of the Void and the Chaos is improving]

[UNIQUE SYSTEM ABILITY (COPYCAT) IS UPGRADING…]
_______________________________________

Chapter 563: Awake Afresh
Ryan landed, staggering forward tiredly. Several pearls of sweat had left their streaming mark on his face, and his breath was ragged and pacing.

Revant’s blank expression did not change as Ryan stood up; however, he did raise his head a little bit, hinting at slight disdain without having to convey it with all his facial features.

“You have come back after failing?” he said.

Ryan grimaced.

“I have searched every angle of the rift. Not the smallest life exists in this place. I think we may be the only ones here right now.”

Revant stared at him for a bit, then shook his head with a click of his tongue.

“Foolish and oblivious mortal.”

“What did you say to me?” Ryan took a step forward, his face wrinkling together in anger.

“You couldn’t even take care of such a menial task that you were given by my master. Foolish, unwise, and oblivious-are you so weak that you can’t see the obvious?”

Ryan’s frown only got deeper, but he wasn’t so blinded by anger that he couldn’t see the point this strange man protecting Northern was trying to make.

Although Revant’s tone of speech in delivering it was making his body boil.

Usually, he wouldn’t even care, but for some reason, being called weak when everyone had somehow praised him for his awesomeness was stinging him.

Up until now, he thought he didn’t really care. Everyone praised him and needed his power. He just respected Raven, the only person that saw him when others didn’t.

The only person that could defeat him.

But faced with Revant who was challenging his strength and calling someone like him weak, was suddenly rousing emotions he had never had.

He suddenly felt a great urge to prove this man wrong, which had never happened before.

He couldn’t figure out why he cared, but he did not want to be called weak. He is strong and everyone with great eyes could see that!

“I have checked every corner of this rift. There’s no strangeness in it. There’s no weakness or any point that indicates we’ve been trapped. Of course, I know we have been trapped, but I can’t find any monsters or anything. What do you expect me to do? Freeze the entire rift?!”

Revant glared, “If that is what it will take to not disappoint the Master, then you should have resorted to it long ago.”

Ryan tilted his head in utter confusion. Then he shook his head rigorously.

“No, I’m not going to have some unnecessary argument with a summon.”

Revant slowly removed his folded arms from behind.

“What. Did. You. Say?”

“Revant, stop that.”

Immediately the hoarse voice entered their ears, both their shoulders trembled.

Ryan saw first because he was standing in front of Revant. He saw Northern standing with a clear look in his eyes.

By appearance, he didn’t look different. A child wouldn’t see anything wrong. But something had greatly changed about him.

Ryan could feel his very soul cowering before Northern’s presence.

Before, he had always looked at Northern, gauging that if he used all his cards against him, he would be able to win and at the very least it would be a draw.

But right now, right now, he couldn’t even dare…

Revant hurriedly fell to his knees, a grin forming on his bowed face.

“My Lord, you have awakened. Forgive me, but this weak mortal was…”

“That’s alright, Revant…” Northern said, tiredly scratching his hair.

After he was done, he combed his white hair back and blew into the air with his mouth.

Then he raised his head to the sky and dropped it, all the while silence drifted across the air. Ryan’s gaze was fixated on Northern throughout.

Upon bringing his head down, his lips curled to reveal a pleasant smile.

“Wow. Wow. Wow. I feel so happy.” He raised his hands into the air, his face radiating so brightly.

Ryan felt the pressure lift off a little bit, but he was still a bit tense in and of himself. Northern had changed tremendously, and the most terrifying part was that he couldn’t gauge how much change.

“Ryan.”

“Shooot!”

Ryan staggered back in a flare, almost falling, but Northern’s hand held him from behind with a gentle touch.

“…how about we get out of this place?”

Ryan was frozen, unsure what had just happened. Northern was standing in front of Revant. He was a couple of steps behind Revant.

Then when Northern called his name, he felt a touch on his shoulders. This was beyond not seeing someone move.

It was so casual, like Northern had been there the whole time but he didn’t see.

And when he staggered back and wanted to fall, the same thing happened again.

‘What in the hell…?’ His mind struggled to make sense of it.

“Ah, wait. We can’t just leave yet, can we?”

Northern faced the blood mire. “The cores.”

He snapped a finger and instantly, the whole ground in front of them was crowded with

splitting images of Northern.

“Clones?” Ryan muttered, absent-minded.

Immediately, all the clones, close to a hundred of them, began to walk forward, soaking their feet into the blood and picking the cores that had fallen from the monster bodies.

Ryan watched, his mouth stuck open. ‘I didn’t know he was capable of cloning too… I thought he is a summoner?’

Northern looked down for a bit, examining his profile before glancing at Ryan with an

intrigued grin plastered on his face.

Ryan suddenly felt like he was naked; he subconsciously moved his hand to cover himself

from Northern’s piercing gaze.

‘What is wrong?’

Northern licked his lips, making the boy want to jump out of his skin.

‘I just need six hundred and sixty fragments more to devour his talents. Oh, how great this is.

I’ll finally have something offense-based aside from black flames and black lance.’

Northern nodded with a satisfied smile.

“Alright, since everyone is done. Let’s pack up.” He clapped and all the clones vanished.

Ryan staggeredly stared around.

‘What the hell is going on right now?’

Northern extended a hand forward, then like he was pulling the string of a bow, he pulled back

from the hand.

Ryan’s eyes widened as he saw what happened.
______________________________________

Chapter 564: Sinister Northern
As Northern pulled back from his extended hand, a radiating arrow of light appeared, extending from his extended hand to the one he pulled back.

Just as if he was nocking and pulling an arrow of light on an invisible bow.

The incandescent light of the arrow reflected in his cold and calculating blue eyes for a moment.

‘Chaos…’ his mind echoed, ‘I didn’t expect it to look so… beautiful.’

A closer look into the arrow of light revealed flowing strands of light all woven together, blending beautifully to give birth to a brilliant and devastating singularity of light.

This was chaos essence. It was not pure and flawless white like celestial light; it burned with an eerie and dim glow in fact.

But its weave was a beautiful and alluring spectacle to behold. Northern had never given thought that Chaos could be so beautiful.

He quickly shook his head. ‘Seriously, what am I saying right now? Chaos is beautiful?’

He focused back towards the sky and narrowed his eyes to a pinning focus.

Then he released the arrow of Chaos essence.

Swish.

The arrow of light soared into the sky with a soft and tender sound that tore through the wind barrier in an instant.

Then following it was a massive explosion that made the entire ground tremble.

From the sky, the veil began to wash down, like thick oil streaming down a round screen.

And the whole expanse slowly revealed before them.

Drenched in a blood bath was Lieutenant Dante, his bloody eyes resting on the veil that slowly wore off, breaking into the compartment of the rift he was in.

Then he saw Northern and Ryan, and one other person, his eyes narrowing.

He stood and swung his sword downward, splattering off the bloodstains on it.

His subordinates and Alystren were also locked in a fierce and crude bloody battle with the Rabid Rots; they managed to spare a glance but quickly focused on pushing back this relentless crowd of crimson monsters.

Northern examined for a moment, then stepped forward, Ryan and Revant following him.

He finally stopped in front of Revant and looked around.

“I guess all four compartments have to come together for the rift to fully reveal itself. How strange a rift this one is?”

His eyes glided towards Lieutenant Dante.

“Are you familiar with things like this, sir? Since you’ve been in more rifts than any of us here.”

The Lieutenant cocked his head left and right.

“Hmmmm, higher tier rifts above five are known to have special qualities and are even more unpredictable than how usual rifts are. So, while I have been in several rifts with unique characteristics, I have never seen one capable of separating itself into different parts.”

Northern nodded softly after the Paragon explained. He looked towards the sky, just right above the pillared maelstrom.

That was the point he had targeted in the compartment they had just destroyed, and it also seemed to be the linking point in this compartment as well.

He didn’t blame anyone for not noticing; the only reason he could see it was Chaos eyes. Also, his spatial awareness had gotten so much better that he could tell there were four compartments in this rift right now.

And all four compartments are not even half of the rift itself.

It is as though the rift guardian had taken a small chunk of the rift to entrap intruders.

Then designated each Maelstrom to guard each compartment, while holding down the string that sewed the compartments together.

When the maelstrom is defeated, the string becomes weaker, and when he destroys the point of connection which is the sky above the maelstrom.

Also, Northern had also realized that no matter how much damage they dealt to the crowd of monsters or the maelstrom itself, it won’t move or attack back.

It’s a different story if they attack the sky above it though.

Of course, his own situation was a different one. Black Lance was an ability that will definitely deliver its cut. After all, it only delivers cuts only its target can receive.

“Hmmmm… this is quite strange and interesting. Last I saw you, you were not this flamboyant.”

As the Lieutenant spoke, he swung his sword sideways, slashing the Rabid Rot that lunged at him into two without looking.

Northern curled a corner of his lips.

“I evolved.”

“You were a Master. You evolve, so you’re now a Savant.” He shook his head in deep thought. “A Savant can’t have this much flamboyancy. Did you become a Sage?”

Northern grinned back, “Not that I was trying to hide it anyway, but things happened that just happen.”

There was something about Northern’s expression that hinted that he was enjoying this. His grin. His grin was so austere.

“I see… things happen that just happen. What a plausible explanation.”

He spun his sword back and plunged it into the head of the one that leaped at him.

Despite his hand being in an ‘uncomfortable’ position, he didn’t seem to strain. His body in fact seemed elastic.

His gaze, however, was rigid and unbending, now contorting at Northern with dark and stormy clouds in their depth.

‘Dangerous. Dangerous. I can see why that damn Shaman mentioned him. He will definitely be a great asset to me. But I can read people. This guy can’t be controlled, he can’t be obtained either. It’s better to just kill him?’

Tsk tsk. freewebnvel.com

Northern clicked his tongue, as he appeared right in the face of the lieutenant, glaring into his eyes with a cold intensity.

“All that bloodlust, I hope you are not thinking of doing something reckless… sir.”

Thump

Thump

Thump

Thump

The Lieutenant’s eyes slowly dilated. ‘Is that… my heartbeat?’

A pearl of sweat rolled down his neck, and he quickly caught wind of it, wiping it off with his

thumb. A slight frown fell on his brows.

“Rain?” He looked up.

Northern helped him answer immediately.

“No sir. That is not the rain. I’m pretty sure, that’s your darned sweat.” A sinister grin

followed.
_______________________________________

Chapter 565: Simple Blade
Both of them stared at each other deeply for a few beats. Northern’s gaze was unwavering, shooting sparks that met the intense crimson eyes of the Lieutenant.

Lieutenant Dante, after glaring down at Northern for a couple seconds more, finally exhaled, a steamy air flowing out his nose.

He turned away, slowly took his sword and swung back. He pushed a leg forward and leaned his upper body towards that leg.

Northern watched him with a brow slightly raised.

Whish!

His eyes flew wide open as the Lieutenant blasted away. Then something happened.

The Lieutenant slashed his sword upward, cleaving a Rabid Rot in twain; instantly, every Rabid Rot on the expanse was cleaved in twain.

Before everybody else, all they saw was the Lieutenant turning to a blur, and a slash suddenly transmitting to all the monsters.

They were all led to think that the Lieutenant had moved faster than the speed of light and delivered all the strikes.

‘His ability uses speed as deceit…’ Northern grinned.

Of course, everything had perfectly unfolded before his eyes.

Lieutenant Dante only attacked a single monster. However, that single strike somehow managed to channel into every other monster of the same type with blinding speed.

And all the monsters dropped dead at the same time.

His only mistake was…

Northern’s grin widened.

….he gave Northern something to copy.

[Talent, Phantom Sword (SSS) has been found]

[Do you want to copy Talent for 5,000 talent fragments]

‘Oh? Another prodigy. So freaking expensive.’

He looked up at the Lieutenant, who sheathed his sword with steeze.

‘I guess I kind of understand how his ability works.’

The Lieutenant’s ability, although no one could see it, delivers echoes of his strike to every other monster.

What baffled Northern was that it was only the echo of the strike; there’s no way it should be as powerful as the main strike, and the large area he was able to cover should be impossible.

But when he thought about the fact that this man is a Paragon.

‘Well, I guess they are called Paragons for a reason.’ He sighed and let go of his thoughts as everyone moved towards the Lieutenant.

The only monster left was the one standing in the middle, like a statue.

“My Liege, we can take it down-”

Shane said as she landed behind Lieutenant Dante, but she was not allowed to complete her statement.

“Step back.”

The Lieutenant commanded immediately as she and the other two landed behind him.

Without any questions, they leaped away several times until they were standing around Northern.

The Lieutenant glanced back to look at all of them gathered around Northern. He looked to his other side-his left.

Sighting Alystren who was standing alone.

“It’s better for you to go behind the white-haired kid.”

He spoke, his voice audibly traveling through the air despite the distance between them without having to strain.

Alystren frowned a bit but did not complain; he jumped back. Only when he landed next to Northern did he understand why the Lieutenant said what he said.

As a Savant, almost a Sage, he could tell clearly when someone was stronger than he was.

Before, his judgment was clouded; while Northern seemed threatening, he was of a lower rank and Alystren’s senses could vividly tell.

As they could also-right now-vividly tell him that Northern is of a higher rank.

He gulped, confused.

‘This is insane. I leave him for barely an hour and he’s already a Sage?’

Lieutenant Dante faced the statued monster, fixing a cold and powerful gaze towards its head. He pulled out his sword with one hand.

And joined his second hand as he raised the sword over his head.

He closed his eyes and breathed, drowning everything around him in a sea of silence.

“In the solitude of steel, I find my resolve.

One edge, one purpose.

A blade knows no distraction, no hesitation; it carves its truth into the world with a single intent.

Where others see complexity, I see clarity-a path drawn in one unbroken line, undivided, undeniable.

This is the singularity of the sword:

A moment of pure focus that yields simplicity,

And in that simplicity, I wield strength unyielding.”

“Fall. Simple Blade.”

The Lieutenant swung down his sword.

Swish.

It was almost a silent sword, like the wind screeching.

As the Lieutenant’s sword fell, a thin red line appeared on the maelstrom, running down the middle of its body.

A second later, it divided, falling apart with a vicious and overwhelming spray of crimson

ichor.

[Talent, Phantom Sword (SSS) has been found]

[Do you want to copy Talent for 5,000 talent fragments]

Northern looked with squinted eyes, and suddenly extended his hand forward, expanding Void Force and pushing it forward.

None of them knew what was coming. The Lieutenant’s subordinates had instinctively glared at him with dark faces, thinking he wanted to attack their leader from behind. But they were not given a chance to react; before they could, the entire landscape trembled.

In the aftermath of the tremendous sword slash the Lieutenant had used, as the red line touched the ground-beats after the monster’s body had fallen apart-it tore the ground into two with such straight precision.

In a fraction of a second, the cleave ran invisibly, in a straight line that separated the ground, however, was deflected by Northern’s hand-the invisible air, Void Force.

The Lieutenant looked back, slightly amazed but not showing it.

‘He really did deflect that…’

Northern meanwhile had a strained frown. It was the same exact thing with the Emperor of

Luinngard Empire.

And it made him understand to a certain degree why they can’t just go all out.

The effect of two Paragons battling each other would probably easily destroy any city they

were in.

‘Damned Paragons.’ Northern was slightly jealous.

But immediately, he thought about it. He had no reason to be jealous.

He might not be a Paragon by rank yet, but he is strong enough to beat one.

At least judging so far by what he had seen of the two Paragons, if he went all out with all his cards… he didn’t even have to use all.

The way he was now, with the Power of Chaos and Void unification, and most importantly the new boon the system upgrade gave him? He would beat the shit out of any of them.

So when he does become a Paragon, he was sure. He would be the strongest Paragon to ever

exist.

And not just that. Northern was sure. He would be the first to reach the Genesis rank and become a Zenith.

“I will stand at the very top of them all,” he muttered inaudibly with a small grin, sparks

igniting in his eyes.
_______________________________________

Chapter 566: Northern In Definition
Furthermore, the entire expanse-even with the sky-trembled.

Northern quickly glanced up and forward, realizing.

‘He cleaved the entire rift? What?!’ Northern’s face reflected his shock, his eyes left widened.

Others looked at him first, then looked at where he was looking.

They were so consumed and taken by the separated ground that they didn’t see the cleaved sky.

The entire rift, all round, had been perfectly sliced into two separating halves.

And slowly, like oil streaming down, the veil was being undone.

Northern’s eyes squinted. ‘Did he know about it?’

Just in the moment of his thoughts, the Lieutenant looked up with a dumbfounded expression.

“Oh? The walls are breaking. I guess all we had to do was defeat the boss,” he said, scratching his head with a pleased chuckle to boot.

‘He has no damn idea…’

Northern’s eyes slowly grew distant as they narrowed and all of suddenly flew open again.

‘Wait. That means… he had unknowingly sliced the entire rift in the middle. It’s just the ability and not that he intentionally did that?’

Northern felt like the realization of the scale of Lieutenant Dante’s power was going to make him go crazy.

At the same time, it was exhilarating, causing an overflowing rush of adrenaline to travel across his whole body.

Like all he wanted to do was fight. Lose. Grow. Fight again. Win. Grow. There was a ravishing hunger to become the best frolicking inside his body.

He smiled and calmed himself, lowering his head slightly as the veil became fully undone.

The Lieutenant’s subordinates rushed towards him, Shane calling out.

“Sir! You did it. You tore the veil!”

Hidden behind their straight faces were pebbles of pride; they were throwing it at the onlookers that had been graced to witness the extent of their Lieutenant’s true ability.

Alystren and Ryan, of course, were flabbergasted by it. Ryan especially was for the first time witnessing the might of a Paragon up close.

Alystren, even though he had expected this level of strength, was still shocked by it.

Northern, however, just seemed happy and impressed, his arms were folded and he was looking with a twisted smile on his face.

‘Has he gone mad?’ Shane could not understand, as she glanced at Northern one more time before reaching Lieutenant Dante’s side.

“There’s still two more to defeat…” Northern said, however, the entire ground trembled.

Causing all of them to startledly pause and look around.

Northern grinned.

“I guess there’s no need. The rest are done…”

The entire expanse seemed to stretch further. Up north, three humans were walking forth, two male and one female. All of them were drenched in blood.

And from the east, two vicious monsters were walking in on them.

Lieutenant Dante, upon turning to the humanoid monsters, grimaced and placed his hand on his sword.

“Wait, no! Those are my subordinates,” Northern hailed as he walked closer to them, the Night Terror armor clanking with every majestic movement.

Lieutenant Dante scowled at him.

“What do you mean?”

Northern stopped in front of the Lieutenant. He fixed his gaze on Night Terror and Black Mamba and signaled for them to come with a finger.

Swiftly, both of them flashed and were behind Northern, Night Terror on his right and Black Mamba on his left.

This left Lieutenant Dante speechless. His face was pale and eyes trembling tiredly.

He pulled out his sword in a blinding flash and raised it to Northern’s face, his eyeballs thinning in.

“You… you… what are you? What the hell is this?”

Northern stood well in front of him, folding his hands.

“I would really appreciate if you stopped looking at me like I am the rift guardian or something. I am not a monster, I’m just unreasonably strong.”

He paused, placing his hand on his chin as he thought aloud for a moment.

“Or maybe I am? I could be? I mean, to be unreasonably strong is to be a monster.”

He retraced his gaze to the Lieutenant.

“Anyways, let all that go. Right now, I am the only one that can get us out of this rift.” Lieutenant Dante straightened his back, slidding his sword back into its sheath.

He closed his eyes and steadied his breath before he opened and fixed them on Northern. All traces of former fondness had been completely eradicated. Now, his crimson eyes were brimming with a cold and dangerous light.

“How can you be so sure about that?”

Northern examined his gaze for a moment, then he answered:

“I’m sorry. If I am correct, the ranks of monsters in a tier seven rift are Hellions, Maelstroms, Destroyers, Behemoths and a Belial, which is the rift guardian. So far so good, we’ve only encountered mobs which are only hellions, and then these maelstroms.”

‘Only hellions? It’d take a Master sweats to take out a single Hellion. My subordinates so far are doing exceptionally well because of their exposure to battle and because they have each other. Such amount of hellions is enough to drown a thirteen-man team of masters, and yet he says only?’

Not just the Lieutenant’s thoughts rang. Every other person was looking at Northern with a wicked glare.

Hellions were a rank of monsters that not even masters hope they encounter. They were

incredibly strong.

The least rank of drifter that was allowed in a rift such as this one was the Sage rank. They happened to be here by chance and thanks to the Paragon among them, they were being protected well, they’ve lived so far.

But some child just said only hellions like these are not that big of a deal?! It infuriated them

silently!

Northern continued, absolutely oblivious of their thoughts.

“Look at the conditions of your subordinates. They’ve only been fighting mobs and it looks

like they’ll faint very soon.”

He was right.

They had several cut marks over their bodies and faces, their breaths were ragged. Even though they had not been severely injured, none of them had come out of the fight with

‘mobs’ as Northern termed it, unscathed.

None of them could even dare to fight a Maelstrom rank.

“We are probably going to encounter more maelstrom rank monsters as we go forward, then

more Destroyers, behemoths too. Even if they manage to take down a maelstrom with teamwork, in the long run they will end up becoming burdens to us. And you’ll end up

exhausting yourself to save them. When it comes down to the guardian, who’ll be the only

person left to save all your asses?”

Northern raised his finger and pointed to himself with a vicious grin, radiating overwhelming

flamboyancy.

“It is I! I am the one whom all your fates would be left in the hand of! I am not just speaking. I

am telling you what I have seen with my eyes!”

He moved his hand to his shining blue eyes, his smile radiating even brighter.
_______________________________________

Chapter 567: The Red Mist [PART 1]
The entire landscape panned out before them as they moved forward. Compared to before where everywhere was simple to navigate, things became a bit more complicated than that.

Their boots sloshed against a thin, murky film of water that clung to the ground, slippery as oil.

Step by step, the water rose, creeping up their ankles, then their shins, clinging with a cold grip that seeped through leather and cloth.

Each of their steps sank deeper, pulling harder as if the ground wanted to hold them there. Northern, noticing what a toll this simple transportation was costing everyone, glanced at Ryan. A sly grin broke through the strain on his face. His eyes glinted, a challenge in their depths.

A wordless exchange passed between them, one that needed no explanation.

Ryan’s brow furrowed, his jaw clenched-he knew what Northern was asking of him, even if he wasn’t thrilled by it.

Ryan let out a sharp sigh, more an acknowledgment of the request than any willingness to comply.

He faced the team, his voice low and calm, the tone of someone who knew his role in this unspoken game.

“Jump,” he ordered, glancing at Northern one last time.

Although several of them seemed puzzled by the sudden request, they all complied. They all bent their knees and leapt, bodies suspended briefly above the murky ground. As they rose, Ryan’s hands shot forward, his fingers splaying in a swift, precise motion. In an instant, the slick, shifting water beneath them began to crystallize, a web of frost stretching outward from Ryan’s touch.

Ice snapped and spread across the surface, turning dark and solid. By the time they landed, their boots met a frozen, glistening pathway, sturdy and secure.

Northern’s grin widened.

Lieutenant Dante, watching from behind, arched an eyebrow, the corners of his mouth lifting slightly. He hadn’t expected that from the boy.

This level of control, the seamless way he froze the path without a single word exchanged… Dante’s gaze lingered on Ryan, a glimmer of something fierce and covetous lighting his eyes. He had not even looked at Ryan before now. Of course, he had perceived his strength and the fact that despite looking so young, he was a Master.

But seeing the boy’s ability like this made him covet. However, there was still no one he wanted more than he wanted Northern.

If Northern was on his side, he would be able to surely go through with his plan of dominating the Central Plains.

But obtaining such a blessing was difficult; he could tell without having to look deeper.

The deep light that burned in Northern’s eyes, they resonated equally with his, and he could tell, those were the eyes of a child born to dominate.

He didn’t believe in destinies and things like someone’s fate being written down from the beginning.

But he does believe in rarity.

There are some kinds of people that are born into this world; they are born with a kind of eyes that many seek but never find.

Resolve. Determination. Reason. Conviction.

The ones that don’t need such feeble concepts to back up actions or pursue a goal.

The ones that despite not being resolved enough. Not determined enough. Not reasonable enough. No conviction at all, still do it.

Just because they want to.

Those were the kind of people that were more difficult to obtain.

Because if they never want something, nothing will make them submit.

Fear, bribery, happiness, love, if they don’t want to do it. All that is useless.

That is the kind of person Dante has considered himself to be. And honestly, that is the kind of person he has always sought.

Those who neither resolve nor reason could move, those who bend to nothing but their own will-these were the rarest and most dangerous.

And for the second time, Dante had encountered one he could never possess.

He clicked his tongue in irritation, staring down at the ground of sturdy ice as they trekked.

‘I guess I can do it with him too,’ he thought as they moved forward.

After a while of trekking, the entire cohort began to notice something-a red fog slowly clouded their view.

The only thing about the fog was that they had not even caught wind of it, not at one point exactly it fully saturated the air.

Well, except one person. Who looked like he was enjoying the show.

The fog didn’t simply obscure their sight; it crept along the ground like a living thing,

twisting and swirling around their legs as if testing the weight of their steps.

The crimson haze thickened, turning the air sharp and metallic, a biting scent that stung their

nostrils.

The path beneath them seemed to shudder with every step they took.

Dante slowed his pace, his eyes narrowing as he scanned the surroundings.

He could feel it—a subtle pulsing beneath the surface of the ice.

This was no ordinary fog; it was something more insidious, something alive, as though the

land itself resisted their presence.

Ryan, still recovering from his recent exertion, clenched his fists, his breathing slightly

heavier.

He stole a glance at Northern, whose gaze was fixed forward, sharp and unyielding.

They both felt it—the unnatural pressure closing in, tightening around them like an invisible -cage.

“Everyone, stay close,” Dante ordered, his voice carrying a rare edge of concern. “Keep your pace steady. Don’t stray.”

But even as he spoke, tendrils of red mist began seeping up from the ground, wrapping around ankles, slipping under armor, cold and damp as death itself.

A shiver ran down Ryan’s spine, his instincts screaming that this was more than just fog. It

was an omen, a warning.

Northern paused and narrowed his eyes and brought his hand to touch his face.

His skin was becoming pale; it was already naturally pale but suddenly seemed to be becoming more pale, like he was freezing, cracks began to appear.

But instantaneously he felt a ridiculous amount of blood surge towards his face, then the cracks in his skin began to meld together and become whole, the color also getting a bit

warmer.

His face was the only exposed area of his body and was the only part that was affected. And the effect of Chaotic Regeneration was so instantaneous that he almost didn’t feel anything

wrong.

Hence, he missed it for that second. However, his thoughts dwelled on it.

Cautiously, they tried to move, then Northern’s eyes somehow drifted to the others, Shane in

particular.

He glanced at her back and saw the same thing happening on the exposed skin of her neck.

A dark frown immediately settled on his face.

“Everyone stop.”

They all stopped and turned to look at Northern. That was when his eyes widened.

Everyone, aside from he, Ryan, and Lieutenant Dante, had their faces cracked and didn’t even

seem to be aware of it.

When they managed to turn was when the Lieutenant looked at Shane and realized. He

glanced over to Rafel, the same thing.

Hansel was wearing a full face helmet, only his eyes could be seen.

Alystren, Shin, even Jeci and Lynus, all their faces were broken with cracks.

“Oh shit… we are under attack,” the Lieutenant’s voice reverberated.
_______________________________________

Chapter 568: Sly
“Your faces…” Lieutenant Dante pointed towards them with a concerned look.

Shane quickly ran her hand over her face and noticed it. Her skin was peeling. She looked down at her exposed hand from her sleeve; it was the same thing.

Rafel had also inspected himself only to find out that his exposed skin was also peeling.

Only Hansel was untouched.

Shin, Alystren, Jeci, and Lynus all had their bodies peeling. But they just seemed to care less about it than the Lieutenant’s subordinates did.

The Lieutenant threw a glance at Northern.

“Do you have any idea what is going on?”

It probably disgusted his guts to ask, but he was reasonable enough to know that he alone could not bulldoze his way into everything just as Northern had said.

A tier seven rift, for a Paragon to solo, is impossible. It’s a death wish!

Northern was silent for a couple of seconds after being asked, then he looked around the fog, pointing to it.

“Right here…”

“I’m pretty sure by now everyone knows it’s this damned mist. How are you and your friend here unharmed?”

Northern pointed to himself. “Oh me? I have a regenerative ability so this doesn’t mean much.”

Lieutenant Dante’s eyes widened; he was shocked but immediately eradicated the look of shock from his face and turned to Ryan.

“And you?”

“I have a freezing essence, which has built up a unique immunity system that attacks and freezes any external substance in my body, so I am resistant to toxins of any kind.”

The Lieutenant let out a small frown. ‘That makes sense considering his ice manipulation ability. It’s incredibly rare.’ He admired Ryan once more.

However, he just couldn’t take his mind off Northern. A Regeneration ability?

‘It’s insane. What is he?’

Somehow, he felt like that was a question he might not be able to answer, at least not so soon.

His thoughts seized as he heard Northern’s voice.

“Are you going to tell us? How you are able to resist it?”

The Lieutenant shrugged. “Extra packages of becoming a Paragon.”

Northern gave him a cold stare.

“While you’re talking about how you guys are able to resist this, yeah, so great. But I hope you know we have to do something. I have no idea what will happen next with my skin breaking so much like molded sand.”

“Anybody that has full body armor should better equip it; at least that can prevent further damage. I don’t know how to reverse the already done damage, but I don’t think it’s going to get any worse as long as your skin is not exposed to the mist.”

As Northern spoke, a couple of sparks flew around, and everyone there was now equipped with ethereal armors, each of different kinds of weaves.

It made them look like knights of different worlds that had come to conquer a common universal enemy.

Night Terror, Black Mamba, and Revant were the only odd ones out.

Even Jeci and Lynus had manifested their empire armors. And Northern was pretty impressed that it was an Item.

He remembered in that moment about the strange darkness power Jeci had used with him.

With now not being the best time, Northern shoved the thought to the back of his mind to ask later when all of this was done.

“So what do we do about the mist itself?” Shin asked.

Northern folded his arms, gazing around with a deep set of eyes with soft glow, keenly examining.

He then spoke.

“Well, the mist is here because of a monster. So we just have to find the monster and deal with it, I guess.” Northern turned his eyes to Lieutenant Dante, then tilted his head with a sly smile.

“I know you have discovered it already. Don’t deceive us. You are the strongest here, aren’t you?”

Lieutenant Dante frowned but hid it quickly with a forced smile.

“Oh my, oh my, and here I was thinking I could give you guys the opportunity to learn.” He opened his smiling eyes a little bit, frankly glaring at Northern for a quick moment. ‘This bastard,’ his thoughts echoed.

Northern, completely aware of what he had done, suppressed a grin.

“As expected of the Lieutenant, he was testing us,” Shane muttered beneath her full armor- her visor glinted with a red passionate light as she adored the Lieutenant.

Even in her state, she was as passionate.

Lieutenant Dante circled the place for a bit, not entirely sure what to do. Everyone’s eyes were on him, and Northern had put him in quite the spot.

He now had no choice but to find the damned thing itself. He was sure Northern would have noticed.

Indeed, there is a monster; the mist did such a perfect job of masking everything that it completely masked the presence of the monster.

That is, while he could very much feel the monster’s presence, he couldn’t pinpoint it. There was no physical body and no way to tell where the exact location of the monster was.

Lieutenant Dante stopped walking for a moment, his eyes scanning the reddened environment.

They slowly drifted down and stayed on the frozen murky waters for a moment.

The Lieutenant narrowed his eyes and clenched his fist. He threw his hands back and lunged them down into the frozen waters.

His hands became a blur as they whizzed past and punched a massive crack into the frozen ground beneath the Lieutenant.

The webbed crack surged forward like a plague, and a couple of beats later, several crashing sounds resounded around them.

As if several people were smashing the same punch as strong as the Lieutenant’s all across the frozen waters.

Things went silent for a bit, then a massive shockwave burst out from beneath, a shattered wave of water spewing from beneath like a massive creature splashing into it.

The sprinkles of water affected the mist, causing it to become less thick before growing stronger again.

However, that small moment was all the Lieutenant needed to detect the monster.
_______________________________________

Chapter 569: Void Tendrils
As the water below burst forth, it unleashed a massive shockwave that sent all of them reeling in the air.

For Lieutenant Dante, however, everything in that moment seemed to pass slowly. As he reeled-seeming helpless-upwards, his hands moved to his sword and his body twisted in the air, legs folded in as if they were about to run an air race.

His eyes narrowed to a slit as they locked in on the monster.

Then with a small movement, he pulled his sword; however, no one saw him pull the sword out completely. No one except Northern.

The Lieutenant turned into a blur, vicious red lights trailing his afterimages as he shot to his target in the belly of the red mist that the water was causing to be a little sparse.

Barely a second later after that wicked light shot off, a terrible shockwave hit the entire landscape, sending all of them reeling backward along with a powerful upheaval of the ground that exploded outwardly in all directions.

The force was so intense it shattered stone, ripped the ugly trees that were scattered around from their roots, and left the entire battlefield trembling under its weight.

The sky itself seemed to quiver in response, bending with the strain of the Lieutenant’s onslaught.

Northern barely managed to stabilize himself mid-air, his senses heightened, his Chaos Eyes attuned to every fleeting detail.

Through the blurring chaos, he caught sight of Dante’s figure reappearing-his sword dripping with a faint red aura, as though it had sliced through something beyond flesh and bone.

But there was no time to focus.

The monster let out a sound like splitting metal, a horrid, grating roar that sent shudders down Northern’s spine.

The creature’s wounds festered with dark, pulsing energy, filling the air with a choking stench.

It seemed to convulse, limbs thrashing, its blood mixing with the murky water below and turning it an even darker red, a grim reflection of the sky above.

Dante landed smoothly on the creature’s back, barely touching it before launching himself off again, his movements blurring as he shot toward the monster’s head with a vicious determination.

Northern watched the technique with awe and suspicion.

Dante’s movements were unnatural, as if he wasn’t just fast, but as if the air itself bent to his will, carving a path through the chaos.

The monster reared back, its eyes glistening with raw fury as it turned toward Dante.

But Northern sensed something else. Beneath its rage, there was a flicker of fear-something Northern had rarely seen in a creature of its kind.

He felt it through the Void Sense, a faint pulse of dread that radiated from the monster’s soul. Northern clenched his fists with a maniacal grin. This was the opening he needed.

With a swift motion, he tapped into his own power, letting the Void’s chilling energy seep through him, resonating with the darkness in the monster’s core.

He felt his own body blur, the Void Tendrils snaking out from his arms, ready to pull him into the fray.

He surged forward, matching Dante’s trajectory but with his own twist-a silent, lethal force of entropy at his back.

Together, they closed in from opposite directions, Dante’s sword a blazing red comet and Northern a shadow of ruin.

As they neared the beast’s head, Northern raised his arm, Void Tendrils coiling around his fist, their dark energy thrumming with anticipation.

The monster’s head loomed, a grotesque amalgamation of twisted flesh and bone, its maw lined with jagged teeth that seemed to drip with an oily black ichor.

As Northern and Dante closed in, the creature’s massive eyes widened, a mix of rage and primal terror gleaming within their depths.

Dante struck first, his sword becoming a blur as he drove it into the creature’s skull.

The blade carved through flesh and bone as if they were nothing, red essence flaring from the blade’s edge, burning through the creature’s skin in a searing, brutal line.

The monster’s scream was a guttural, agonizing roar that vibrated through the air, tearing at Northern’s ears and sending waves of nausea rippling through his gut.

But Northern was already in motion. His Void Tendrils lashed forward, black and writhing, burying themselves into the monster’s exposed flesh, and sinking deep into its open wounds.

A putrid stench filled the air as his void essence spread, corroding muscle and sinew with a sickening hiss.

It was like the tendrils themselves were laced with a different and more insidious kind of

essence.

The creature convulsed, its limbs flailing as it tried to pull away, but Northern held firm, his grin widening as he felt its life force buckling under his grasp.

The Void Tendrils began to twist and coil within the creature’s body, unraveling the tissue from the inside.

Northern could feel each muscle fiber tearing, each bone cracking as the Void worked its way deeper, corroding everything in its path.

Blood-thick, dark, and reeking of decay-poured from the monster’s open wounds, pooling on the ground below in a sickly black sludge.

Each droplet seemed to hiss as it hit the earth, leaving smoking craters where it landed.

Dante, for a moment, froze in shock as he saw Northern destroy the monster in such a

grotesque way, unbefitting of the flamboyancy of a drifter.

And for that moment, Northern couldn’t help but be awestruck.

‘Dark beauty… I love it!’ His obsession for Northern just seemed to grow wilder.

Dante regained himself and quickly clenched his sword, forcing it deeper into the monster’s head.

Echoes of that gruesome stab marinated themselves into the monster’s skull with relentless precision, each stroke an explosion of bone fragments and dark, coagulated blood that splattered across the battlefield.

His expression was stoic, almost detached, as if the chaos and gore were nothing more than a dance he’d rehearsed a thousand times.

The monster’s eyes rolled back, its last shreds of strength dwindling, yet Northern felt its soul fighting to hold on.

He drove his fist forward, Void Tendrils reaching deep into the creature’s cores, where he sensed the deepest well of its energy.

The tendrils burrowed into its soul, sinking in like hooks and ripping at the very essence of its being while curling itself around the cores.

With one final, brutal yank, Northern tore the monster’s soul free, forcefully ripping out all

six cores and throwing them into the air.

The monster became a writhing mass of dark energy, pulsing with a deep crimson light, desperately clinging to life.

Northern watched with a manic gleam in his eyes as the soul began to disintegrate, eaten by

the void.

He could feel essence flowing into him, filling him with a dark, corrupting strength that surged through his veins like liquid fire.

As the last remnants of the soul faded into nothingness, the creature’s body convulsed once more, then went still, its flesh melting away under the corrosive force of the Void.

Within moments, the once-mighty beast was reduced to a pile of disjointed bones and smoldering ash, a testament to the devastation they’d wrought.

Northern staggered back, his breath ragged, his heart pounding as the intoxicating rush of the

Void’s energy settled within him.

He glanced over at Dante, who stood in the aftermath of their battle, his sword lowered, his

gaze unreadable.

There was a brief silence, the air thick with the smell of blood and ash, before Northern’s

voice reached out.

“What we had just killed was a Disastrous Destroyer…”

On his own part, he wouldn’t call the battle difficult or strenuous. But every moment of it had

been executed with acute timing.

A slight mess might have caused them more time and needless difficulties. Because of the kind of technicality that he had woven into the battle, perfectly blending with Dante, a

flawless victory was achieved.

‘This just proves how very dangerous this rift is.’ freewebnvel.com

The battlefield lay in ruins around them, stained with the remnants of their enemy and littered with debris from the shockwave.

But as the dust began to settle, Northern could feel something else in the air-a lingering presence, a dark foreboding that prickled at his senses, as if the monster’s death had only served to awaken something far worse waiting beyond the veil.
_______________________________________

Chapter 570 Void Mist
 
570 Void Mist

After the monster was defeated, the cracks on their exposed skin slowly reverted, and they became whole again.

Everyone proceeded in absolute silence as the atmosphere grew taut with pressure.

Etched upon their faces were strained expressions, each one carrying a different weight as they trekked forward—especially Dante’s subordinate.

In the quick fight with the Destroyer, none of them had been able to move their bodies.

They were totally helpless before it. Only Northern had been quick-witted enough not just to join the fray but to choose the correct timing to do so.

He was more than enough help for Dante that they all felt if they joined, they’d only be interfering.

It was so quick, so perfect, so clean, and so powerful.

Finally, they were beginning to see and accept the scale of Northern’s strength. And that acceptance was the source of the sour look on their faces.

Northern, however, did not care about all of that. His eyes were focused differently, driven deeply into the corners of his mind yet carefully scanning his surroundings.

If there was any one thing that he hated about this rift, it was their perfect ability to mask their presence. Even though he could faintly feel it, it was very hard to pinpoint where it was.

It was like smelling something in a strong wind. Because of the wind’s violence, the scent was scattered all across, but it was there.

However, he kept his senses alert and sharp as they walked. A few things clouded his mind which he mulled over, one of which was the devastating effect of the Void Tendrils.

He could use them to absorb monsters’ essence, which is converted into Void Essence. Not only does this kind of essence give his tendrils energy, but he feels his stamina slightly rejuvenated.

It had been the only thing he had been worried about since they had started this battle.

After becoming a Sage, of course, his body had gotten fairly better than it was before, but in the end, he was still subjected to that incurable disease of fatigue.

His powers were monstrous, and so their effect on his body was devastating. They ate up his stamina like savage beasts.

And also created a massive appetite—even now, as they walked, Northern was feeling very hungry. At the very least, he had more stamina to spare.

He thought of a few more ways he could use the Void Tendrils.

‘I can use them as restraints; I should be able to use them as extra hands or extra swords.’

Northern was not sure if the Void Tendrils could be shaped into a definite form, made to take on the form of a sword or a hand; he had not experimented with something like that.

But he was also not rushing. This rift, after all, was going to give them ample opportunity to do so.

Northern stopped in his tracks, and as he did—as if all of them had their eyes on him despite walking in front—they stopped too… and turned back.

“Is something wrong, young lad?”

Northern shook his head slowly. However, he wasn’t shaking his head as a response. With the dark scowl on his face, they could tell.

“They are advancing towards us… from all directions,” his voice carried a cold dread, somewhat heavy, making the air dense.

The Paragon frowned slightly and took two steps toward Northern.

“I can’t sense anything. Are you messing with me?”

Northern shook his head, unfazed by the harshness that resounded in Dante’s tone.

He answered squarely.

“The initial attack of the mist was perhaps to throw us off while the others advance towards us. The Rabid Rots. They are even several thousand times more than what we fought in the compartment.”

Their eyes widened as they all heard. By now, Northern had proven his abilities well enough that they felt the weight of each of his words.

The thing that confused them, however, and made them doubt what the white-haired kid was saying was…

…the ghostly and twisted grin on his face.

‘What is that? Why does he look like he’s enjoying himself?’ Rafel could not understand.

Northern turned to the west.

It didn’t matter where anyone wanted to turn to; the blood mist from the horizon slowly crept closer, enclosing them in a circle.

The moment became a calm before a storm. Northern knew that if he allowed the mist to be, they’d suffer serious damage.

Because the crimson aerosol had the ability to perfectly hide the monsters’ presence. It was perhaps the reason why Lieutenant Dante was not feeling anything.

But nothing was hidden from Northern’s Chaos Eyes. Even if his spatial awareness, which had been enhanced since Eyes of Intent became his eyes, does not work, his futuristic sense could easily pick up fragments of such chaos.

So this to Northern was as easy as breathing.

Northern closed his eyes for a moment and warned.

“Everyone… step back for a moment… this can kill the weak-willed.”

‘I wonder how potent Void Aura has become since I am a Sage now.’

Northern thought a bit and opened the gates of hell.

Immediately, they realized they should have gone back immediately when he spoke.

The familiar dread that they had felt in the underground in a tug-of-war against their Lieutenant’s aura poured devastatingly into the air.

Breathing became harder than being a salaryman. Everything became unnecessarily heavy, their shoulders in mere beats hurt them like hell, their faces grew pale, and balls of sweat formed on their faces.

A bluish-black mist slowly covered the area, spreading out from amidst them and mixing with the blood-red mist.

The mist pulsed out, thick and insidious, devouring the crimson haze with a ravenous edge, and every ripple of it seemed to sap the vitality from the air itself.

The other members—Shin, Alystren, Jeci, Lynus, and even Ryan—stumbled backward, forced to retreat from the sheer weight pressing down on their chests, gnawing at their resolve. Each breath tasted of iron, thick with menace.

Night Terror, Black Mamba, and Revant bowed beneath him.

Northern’s aura expanded, coiling and constricting like the grip of a shadowed serpent, its suffocating intensity forcing even Dante’s hardened subordinates to stagger back.

Dante’s jaw clenched, his gaze flicking between Northern and the encroaching mist.

He had seen fear before, lived it, wielded it, but this was something different—a darkness that was neither rage nor hatred but a void that whispered of endless, starless nights.

As the red mist was slowly torn apart by the weight of the void mist, reality seemed to slowly warp with it.

All their eyes widened as they looked around. It was just as Northern had said.

They’d been surrounded by Rabid Rots from all sides. And it wasn’t just Rabid Rots, but the statued maelstroms and several Destroyers like the one Northern and Dante had just killed.

They were like a thick flood spreading all the way to the horizon.

Despair captured their hearts.
