Chapter 591: Meal Time
Northern and Lieutenant Dante came back to a lit fire ominously shading the faces of all those who sat around it.

Atop the flames were several sticks plunged into large lumps, sort of darkened from the position Northern and the Lieutenant observed them from.

But they didn’t need to see clearly to know that the group was skewering monster meat. Aside from the obviousness of the act, the sumptuous aroma suddenly made their stomachs growl.

Northern gulped and stepped forward, taking a seat next to Ryan, crossing his legs as he joined them on the muddy ground.

No one even cared how muddy it was; they were lucky enough to even have semi-hard ground to begin with.

The ground wasn’t so muddy that it would begin to sink them in. The soil’s water-retaining ability was just ample.

Northern looked around for a moment. He wondered if Ryan had made a suggestion to freeze the ground, but he immediately got his answer.

The cold that came from the ice would affect people, moreover affect the fire, and affect their dinner—maybe lunch or breakfast, no damn person knows.

And Ryan was probably as tired as everyone else. Northern didn’t want to think such a magnificent ability of his did not come with its own stress.

“What are you looking at?” Ryan growled lowly, a vicious look in his eyes.

Northern rolled his eyes nonchalantly and looked away, speaking to himself.

“Damn, I must be getting mad; I can’t believe I almost pitied this crappy son of ice.”

Ryan glared even more intensely. His tone rang out slightly different than usual.

“I’m not a son of ice. I am a son of Cold Flame.”

Northern raised a brow, tilting his head backward. He blinked several times, his reaction slowed out of confusion.

“Yeah. I guess… whatever suits you.”

Then he looked away and thought.

‘Weirdo.’

There was something about Ryan’s reaction that made him sound desperate.

And desperation was the one thing Northern had never heard in Ryan’s voice since knowing him.

That with the words he uttered just freaked Northern the hell out. But he didn’t dwell on that. The meat burning in front of him was tenaciously squeezing out a tongue-pleasing smell; Northern right now wanted nothing more than to take it in and munch on it for as long as he could.

He stared at the meat, waiting patiently. After a while, his stomach climbed up his throat, pleading to his voice to speak for its dire state.

“Is this thing not done yet? I’m very hungry.”

All of them turned to look at Northern, eyes widened.

He caught their eyes and immediately frowned.

“What? Can’t I eat?” he inquired, looking at all of them.

They were all silent, withholding whatever tinged the edges of their tongues, utterly careful of their words.

After a while, someone’s voice shattered the eerie silence.

“It’s not like that… just, casually hearing you say you’re hungry kind of reminds us that you are human…”

Northern squinted his eyes, pulling his head back in confusion and folding his arms. freewebnvel.com

“What nonsense are you spouting right now?”

“Ah ah…” Rafel, who had spoken, released an awkward half-laugh. “Forgive me.”

“This monster probably has a lot of rottenness in it,” Alystren’s voice proceeded immediately as Rafel’s vanished.

“It needs to be skewered longer than usual, so whatever toxins in it can be dried out and the skin can be completely burned. If you want to enjoy it, you peel the burned skin and eat the meat.”

The explanation cleared all of Northern’s questions. But he was still left confused by something.

He tilted his head slightly as he asked.

“I don’t understand. Has anyone hunted this kind of monster before?”

“No. But there are rarely any kinds of monsters that are not in the books. As a Walker, fundamental knowledge is important; these things are taught there. I thought you were a student of the academy.”

Northern frowned; he lingered a bit with a sour mood. As he wanted to reply, Ryan’s voice beat him to it.

“We didn’t get the chance to become actual students before we got jinxed.”

Northern, with slightly widened eyes, looked at Ryan; their gazes met for a beat, then Ryan looked away.

Shin watched this happen and felt his heart tear into two. Once again, he was reminded of what their overprotection of the poor boy had done to him.

And an embarrassing moment like this one was the least harm it had done.

“Well, among the fundamentals of rift survival education, there are several types of monsters, and ways to eat them. Of course, most of the safest ways is by…” Alystren gestured to the fire with his hands to end his statement.

“There are several other ways but I don’t think that’s a lesson for tonight. If we get back alive, I will arrange a short class for you guys in the citadel. But the most important thing you must know is that it’s important to carry a piece of monster meat with you for every kill; it will

come in handy.”

‘That explains why there are so many…’ Northern glanced around and focused back on the meat. Silence drowned the atmosphere once again.

Then after a couple more minutes, Rafel took out the meat and started handing it out to all of

them.

After Lieutenant Dante received his, he walked away saying,

“I’ll keep watch. The rest of you can sleep.”

Northern watched the rigid man walk away, his fine coat swaying left and right with every

step he took.

For a moment as he watched the Lieutenant, he thought,

‘Maybe he’s just a nice guy in a tough shell.’

After all, Lieutenant Dante had done him a favor most Drifters would be reluctant to do.

Of course, he didn’t forget that there was a prize, but he wasn’t so sure how heavy of a prize he

would have to pay for this generous offer.

‘Whatever it will be, I’m sure it’ll be worth it.’

Northern took the meat into his mouth, gently savoring every delicate delicacy of it.
_______________________________________

Chapter 592: DiY
Northern stood in a training ground in the tower; the training injuries that were left there by Jeci had fully healed-the place was as good as new.

He grounded his feet to the floor, his eyes fixated on the wall in front of him, focused and rigid. They bore an awareness of not just what was before him, but even behind.

His entire body stood as a singularity even with his sword. Only when he was finally, internally satisfied with his stance and basis of grounding did he move.

Northern began to execute a series of slashes, swinging his sword delicately. There was a magnificent air of control that trailed the path of the sword each time it divided the air.

Northern’s eyes remained as focused as before he moved, even as he flowed from one strike into another. With the same amount of swiftness, power, and precision, the sword flowed from one movement into another, not increasing or decreasing.

That was what he had noticed Dante do, and that was what he had admired.

Dante was so in control of his sword that from the first linked attack to the last, the speed of his sword and precision did not reduce or increase.

It was as if the Lieutenant had a perfect proportion of power that he calculated to put into the strike and maintained it from beginning to end.

Northern did not see anything greater than this; that act itself spoke for a level of control he had never witnessed in anyone.

And it made him very exhilarated. He didn’t think he could have such control, thanks to the immense strength he now possessed as a Sage.

But seeing Dante do it lit up a spark in him. While he pretended to sleep in the surface world, The slipped into the Limitless Void and began to practice.

Northern continued to practice each strike with a certain amount of dedicated control. He would put a certain proportion and swing in linked strikes, flowing from one attack into another.

When he used an enormous amount of strength, usually, it resulted in the walls of the tower suffering for it. And it was difficult to reduce it.

It was also difficult to control the amount of strength he put into a strike mid-battle. But he continued at it, practicing.

He didn’t need to get it yet; all he was creating right now was a foundation.

A foundation which he would use to create his own unique style using the abilities of Chaos Art as raw material.

He didn’t know if the system would appreciate it yet. But the new ability [DIY] allowed him to do these things.

Aside from the fact that when he absorbed talents they were tailored to suit the nature of his void and Chaos, Northern, thanks to DIY, could now also create new abilities explicit to him alone as long as he understood the principles.

Being able to bend certain principles and create constructs of Chaos, as long as his understanding was flawless, could have contributed to it.

And it would also make it easier to do. Another thing Northern was glad about that DIY brought to him was:

[Talent Merge], [Talent Weave], [Talent Erasure]

With Talent Merge, he could join two talents together to create something never seen.

Talent Weave allowed him to bring out the abilities of some talent and put it into another talent or even remove them from each other to create a unique soul talent that had probably never been seen.

Talent Erasure: he could delete a talent he deemed useless.

But the magnificent thing about these abilities was that as far as the system was concerned, they didn’t just work with talent-they worked with abilities. It was the reason why what he did with Black Flame and Black Lance was possible.

And the reason why he was able to achieve the unachievable. Because of DIY.

Usually, revealing Chaos’ true form should not be something that he could dare with a minimal amount of Chaos in him.

And it was why it was regarded as a tremendous achievement even by Chaos itself.

The essence of DIY was that he could now tailor anything to suit his nature and also create his own unique abilities from scratch, by deep knowledge and understanding.

That was why Northern was swinging this hard and training despite the ball of sweat that rolled down his face and soaked his black shirt.

The Dark Mortal swung in his hands with a cold intensity, whistling through the air with a dark and eerie thrill.

Northern stopped for a moment and focused on the sword, narrowing his eyes as he considered a few things.

He loved swords very much, maybe because they were the first kind of weapon he ever used or because they were easy to use, but he loved them and had grown attached to using them.

However, this was bad for him. He carried an essence of formless; his identity lay in not having an identity. This made him a very volatile and versatile existence.

An attachment of such could limit his explosive potential. Northern felt the need because of this to discard the sword for a while, or so that it wouldn’t go to waste, give it to someone

else.

Northern dropped to the ground, leaning his back against the wall while thinking about it.

“I guess it’s time to create another void summon.”

As he spoke, his scenery switched before his eyes, transitioning to the ethereal vicinity of the Void Palace, with Northern sitting cross-legged on his softly glowing white throne.

“This time it shouldn’t be too difficult…” he muttered and summoned.

“Hentu.”

The shadow instantly appeared before him; it was like dark smoke molded into a humanoid shape but unstable and emanating some of its properties into the air.

“This is going to be so easy and fruitful, I believe…”

Northern licked his lips as he spoke then summoned a clone.

A perfect appearance of himself appeared before his eyes. Northern stared at the clone for a while and smiled.

Then he pointed to his forehead, where opened a vertical eye-[Mind Eyes]-that he had received thanks to Revant’s awakening.

Upon becoming a Savant and a Sage, Northern’s cloning had gained two more abilities.

The first one-[Clone Durability]-could increase the durability of several clones drastically, but this was also in proportion to numbers.

For example, how durable a hundred clones would be could never be compared to how durable ten clones would be.

The latter would be able to take so many damages and still retain their numbers, while the former would disappear instantly.

The second one-[Conscience]—this was the best thing ever that had happened to Northern regarding this cloning ability. freeweɓnvel.com

With Mind’s Eye, he could now share a part of his memory with a clone, giving it a unique memory and sense of self.

From there it awakens an identity and goes on to develop continually, to its own person while still having a link to Northern.

The downside of this new ability, however, was that when the clone returned to nothing, all that progress disappeared; when he created a new clone, it would have to start from the

beginning.

Of course, that could now be fixed thanks to the knowledge of void he employed in creating

unique void summons.

With that, his void summons would develop a sense of self not left to chances.

The memory he gave them had the most important role to play in what personality they

turned out to have.

And thanks to Mind’s Eyes, he could choose the exact memory he wanted to give the clone.

Northern thought for a while about what memory to give it.

Then a big, wide, wicked grin spread on his face.

“Raven. I will be preparing a damned gift for you.”
_______________________________________

Chapter 593: Sword King
A perfect creature that would exist only to hate Raven-an existence incapable of forgiving her.

Its reason for growth would be solely to kill her, and that would become the foundation of its developing personality.

Northern was curious about what kind of summon it would grow to become.

He transferred the painful memory of enduring all the stress of the sleeping mountain and the damned rift, of fighting the sky abomination and sacrificing his way home to kill the monsters -only to discover that Terence and Raven had known all along.

In fact, that may have been the main reason they approached him in the first place.

They, knowing full well what they had been planning, took advantage of an innocent child like him.

‘Wasn’t she supposed to be eighteen or something? And that darned saintess-both of them are shameless wenches,’ Northern cursed.

Transferring the memories made them resurface along with his feelings of hatred and regret. All those feelings combined would build the foundation for his new summon’s soul.

They had tricked and used him, made him feel worthless. After everything, he couldn’t help but think himself the dumbest person alive.

The facts had been obvious, but he had turned a blind eye to it all in his desperation to go home.

He couldn’t believe he had even trusted her enough to turn his back to her.

As the memories returned, there were so many things he couldn’t help but hate himself for.

His hatred for her grew even more vile and pronounced. And with all gladness of heart, he would give that hatred a will and a name.

‘Should you step foot onto this land’s soil, I have a creature who will know no satisfaction or joy until he kills you.’

Northern grinned as the [Mind’s Eye] closed and disappeared from his forehead.

He stared at his clone, waiting for its reaction. The replica stood motionless, but there was a change in the creature’s gaze.

There was a different light, something more alive that he had never seen in any of his clones. Its eyes had suddenly gained focus and radiated intelligence.

But the clone remained silent. Its gaze stayed fixed on Northern’s face, somewhat confused.

A corner of Northern’s lips curled up.

“Now for the final touch.”

Northern summoned a particular soul he had been eyeing and studied its panel:

Name: Bairan

True Name: [Sword King]

Attributes: [Old One], [3rd of the Tomb King]

Soul Rank: [Ephemeral]

Soul Core: [Yellow]

Talent: [Breath Of Eternity]

Talent Abilities: [Eternal Pulse], [Veil Of Remembrance], [Soul Imprint], [Moonlit Whisper Style], [Single Raw Path]

The panel appeared just as he had first seen it.

‘If it’s someone like this, Dark Mortal should find better use in his hands. I will be able to learn from him while becoming more familiar with other weapon forms.’

The main purpose in choosing this route wasn’t just to create another summon, but to create one who would be useful both as a fighting servant and as a teacher.

There was something about these Old Ones-the souls he got when Soul Taker broke. They were definitely from an ancient civilization.

Although Northern couldn’t tell yet whether it was Trael or the underworld, he was sure they had been influential in their time, as much as kings.

The true name “Sword King” sat well with him and seemed to provide all the conviction he needed to give the dormant soul a will.

Everything was ready, but any problems would stem from what Northern didn’t know about these souls.

This was why he remained skeptical. But he resolved himself one final time and began the process.

With his consent, the soul of Bairan merged with that of Hentu, creating an ominous spinning of black shadow.

With the spin came a violent gale that disturbed the gentle dance of the Void flames burning before Northern’s throne.

The flames rose viciously in response to the tempo of the gale before falling again. Northern watched as each Void construct linked to another. There was a consumption of each one, and with his guidance, the consumption ensured neither Soul essence was viciously consumed to nothing. freёweɓnovel.com

This was also why he hadn’t added his clone yet. Because he wanted the clone’s will to have more control over whatever this new creature would become, he made it wait out of the struggle. When both souls had grown weaker, he would add the clone, which would then dominate the other two, allowing the body and mind formation to take place.

After a while of swirling darkness, something began to appear within its deep bosom.

Light drilled forth from its deepest depths.

Northern looked at the clone. His eyes were command enough, as both he and the clone shared a link.

The clone walked into the swirling darkness and was swallowed by it.

Northern folded his arms and watched with slightly narrowed eyes, tension sparking in their

depths.

After a few more minutes, the darkness reduced its swirling and began shaping into a humanoid form.

The darkness thickened and became more defined, looking glossy and lustrous as arms formed, fingers extended, and the unstable head became more definite.

The glossy surface began carving out facial features as if an invisible hand sculpted them

delicately.

With time, everything became defined, and when all features had been sculpted, Northern opened his hand.

A single white flame ignited on his palm. As his hands moved closer to the creature, its chest opened, as if the flames were clearing their own path.

Northern placed the Chaos Flame inside the creature, and immediately, the thick darkness

covered it.

Several lines of radiant light began rapidly streaking across the creature’s body.

When it finished, the veins of light began shimmering even brighter, and the thick darkness seemed dried out.

As the light intensity grew brighter, the darkness began peeling off and falling, dissipating

into dust.

This continued until a clean ivory skin was revealed from the peeling darkness, snow-white hair cascading down the shoulders to the middle of the back.

A sharp, angled white brow shaped out, slightly twitching, but the eyes remained closed.

As the human’s eyes opened, white light flooded his entire form and slowly dissipated. As the light disappeared, a deep red cloak wrapped around him, billowing like a shadow. Beneath it, a black robe layered over a crisp white shirt, with a narrow black tie peeking through the open collar.

The cloak’s inner lining was pale gray, softening its edges as it draped over his shoulders.

His cropped, light gray pants stopped just above his black boots, which glinted under the

light.

Tiny charms dangled at his hip, swaying with the soft and slow wind, and a single red pendant rested against his chest, catching the eye with a quiet, fiery glint.

Northern was awestruck-the man radiated more elegance than he had ever encountered in

his two entire lives.

The man’s sky-blue eyes met his azure ones, quickly measuring him in a blink. Then a slight

frown bent the man’s fine brows.

“I don’t have a sword. I need a sword.”
_______________________________________

Chapter 594: To-do List
Northern sat cross-legged while others were sound asleep, his eyes distant. He looked like he was staring at the tree in front of him, but his eyes were so out of focus that it was obvious his mind was somewhere else.

‘What in the world have I created? What have I done?’

He couldn’t answer the question himself. He tried to piece together and compare his new summon Bairan with Revant.

Of course, Revant was probably more powerful-though that was subjective-but there was a fine and dangerous aura that Bairan exuded.

It was ancient, resplendent, empyrean, and most importantly, humbling.

Compared to how Revant shared a drastic familiarity to his appearance, distinguished only by his hair, Bairan looked nothing like him.

It seemed one way or another the Sword King Bairan’s original face had managed to merge with his, creating something entirely different.

A tall, intimidating man, with a defined jawline and narrowly charming facial features. He had

an intense demeanor that rivaled Dante’s facial authority, if not surpassed it.

And the unique garb that adorned his body only made things more striking-he was outlandishly stunning.

‘… And the first thing he asked for was a sword.’ Northern paused his thoughts for a moment, finally moving his head to look up.

He didn’t need to test Bairan to know that after Revant, this was his strongest summon.

He sighed once more and a thought suddenly occurred to him.

‘I don’t even know what I’m going to do with all these guys. Where am I even heading?’

He knew for a fact that he wanted to be the strongest, but what was he really going to do with his life? And from here, where did he want to go?

What was he going to do with all these strong beings he was creating out of the void?

They were existences capable of shaking the world. Even though incomplete, Revant was a Tyrant.

The Third Tomb King, an Ascendant, was immensely strong without doubt. A sword in his hands would be like giving lightning to dark clouds.

If it didn’t cleave the world in two with a strike, it would make the clouds rumble with fear and darkness.

And there was Revant, a disaster waiting patiently to happen. He didn’t think taming a Tyrant would be easy, or even possible.

But from now until Revant began to be a problem, he would be of great use. Northern only had to make sure he grew stronger so he could dispose of him before he became a problem.

Then there were Night Terror and Black Mamba. Night Terror was currently an [Emanation of Void] while Black Mamba was a [Whisper Of Void].

Both of them have sky-tearing potential to become stronger than Paragons when they become [Servant of the Void]-the highest rank a Void summon could reach.

The void rank didn’t apply to Revant, obviously because of the quality of his soul, but Bairan had started as an Echo too. Upon his new birth, he had gained a Void ability-the one thing Revant didn’t get to have.

If Bairan continued to grow and also became a [Servant of Void], he would grow powerful too. Comparing it to the might of a Paragon by then would be demeaning.

All of them were going to become immensely stronger as he grew. And there was plenty of time for that-after all, he was only sixteen right now.

And then there were Jeci, Lynus, and his two dumb subordinates. Lynus wasn’t really an issue; Northern planned to send him back after making sure he had filled him with sufficient fear.

Enough for the spoiled knight to understand that nothing but a gruesome fate awaited him should he decide to make an enemy of Northern.

But where was he going to put Jeci? How was he supposed to fit all this world of secrets into his daily life now that he had found his mom?

Wouldn’t he have to keep living with so many lies? It was the one thing he didn’t even want to do.

But was telling them safe? It wasn’t a matter of trust-he trusted his mother and father, but how could he be sure this wouldn’t burden them more than he expected?

Then there was the impending doom that awaited him should the whole Reimgard Empire find out their prince was alive.

The people who tried to kill him at childbirth would obviously come again.

Amidst all of this, there was damned Rughsbourgh who would emerge as a Luminary. Northern didn’t yet know how vast the power distance between a Luminary and a Paragon

was.

There was no record of it, and if there was, he didn’t have access to it.

He leaned back on his hands and exhaled.

‘I guess the only choice is to take things one after another. First, I have to copy the Lieutenant’s talents. Then for the next six months, I’ll be going to the academy.’

Northern’s reason was simple.

The academy was a ground with many talents. He had thought about the citadel too but chose to opt for the academy instead.

The academy would have thousands of younglings with immense potential that had not been

explored.

He also had a strong feeling that he hadn’t been able to shake since becoming a Master.

That red sea of clouds beneath that separated the academy from the rest of the Central Plains -he wanted to know what was there. fгeewebnovёl.com

And he wanted to gain access to knowledge and power. In a citadel, that would be impossible. No matter how much he accomplished, the name of the citadel would ring louder than his. But should he go to the academy and start his exploits there, his name would pop up in every event. And while he was at it, he would also be preparing a welcome-back gift for Rughsbourgh, just like he had for Raven.

There was one other skill he was thinking about learning while in the academy, since it would be influential to his growth and that of his summons.

Then he also needed to contact Hao.

Northern wasn’t sure about a lot of things yet, but he had the next step right in front of him, and for now, that was fine.
_______________________________________

Chapter 595: Quiddities Of Void [Part 1]
From the deep thoughts about his future path came a short nap that replenished his stamina significantly.

Although it couldn’t be compared to a full eight hours’ sleep, given their current location, it was more than enough for Northern.

When he woke up, the rest had also risen, the fire had been extinguished, and everyone seemed prepared to move forward.

He silently rose from his sleep, stretched his body and savored its fulfillment, then studied everyone’s expressions, determining their state of mind.

They all seemed fine for now. The Lieutenant’s subordinates looked somewhat tamed and conversed amongst themselves, although Shane looked a bit paler than before they’d gone to sleep.

Alystren seemed to be in a great mood, while Shin was just there, nothing out of the ordinary, his face laden with focus.

Ryan was silent, leaning against one of the trees behind them with his eyes closed and arms folded.

The only person missing was Lieutenant Dante.

‘Did he keep watch throughout the night?’

Night or not, it was bedtime-Northern had called it that without much thought.

A few seconds later, the Lieutenant returned, looking around before stopping, and his authoritative voice rang out.

“I see we are all ready. I managed to scout the area and it is as Northern said. There aren’t many enemies ahead, but the few we will encounter are enormously powerful.”

‘The Captain even took his time to scout. This man is just so amazing,’ Shane’s eyes glittered with sparkles despite her pale face.

The group immediately began to march forward, through the twisted trees in the dark and ominous forest.

They continued on foot, their pace neither too fast nor too slow. Having regained much energy from their rest, the journey progressed without stress.

They were careful not to expend themselves walking, lest fighting become difficult and torturous.

After a while, their surroundings began to change. They were rising higher towards the mountain, and because of that, the air became thin.

Breathing became a hassle, and their surroundings grew hot as if an invisible scorching sun had been buried in the ground.

But they continued nonetheless. The twisted trees had greatly reduced in number, becoming even more sparsely scattered than before.

The ground seemed dry-most of the water had streamed down over time, leaving the mountain top dry, plain, and hard.

Northern flinched and narrowed his eyes. He could feel it; they were getting closer to the center of the rift. To its core.

“Something about this place feels unsettling. Any idea what could be wrong?” Lieutenant Dante inquired, looking at Northern.

“Well, we’re getting closer to the center of the rift. I suppose that’s one reason, but I also suspect some monsters are moving to attack us.”

“Some? How many?”

Northern closed his eyes and raised his awareness. His danger sense through Spatial Awareness spread around and even beyond the mountain, allowing him to vividly grasp the situation around them.

He opened his eyes.

“Well, around thirteen to nineteen of them. They’re all Catastrophic Destroyers.”

“What pathetic luck we have,” the Lieutenant lamented in a bored tone.

“Don’t be sad. We signed up for this when we entered a tier seven rift,” Northern made an effortless attempt to cheer the man.

Even in such dire straits, the two of them could still attempt humor. The rest of the group was left speechless.

“Well then, let’s do this…” The Lieutenant grabbed his sword and was pulling it out until Northern’s voice stopped him.

“No.”

Dante frowned first, then raised a brow.

“What?”

“You should sit this one out.” Northern was looking forward first, then turned his face to Dante.

“I’ll take care of them all by myself. This is so everyone can get maximum rest. If I’m right, which I hope I’m not, there’ll still be more Behemoths waiting for us, and let’s not forget that the guardian of the rift is a Belial rank. I don’t know what a Belial looks like, but I don’t assume it’s going to be anything compared to what we’ve faced so far.” ƒree𝑤ebnσvel.com

“Exactly, that’s all the more reason for you to save your strength.”

Northern smiled at the Lieutenant. “I appreciate your concern for me, but I’ll be fine. Besides,

I’m not the one who will be fighting…”

Lieutenant Dante frowned suspiciously. “What do you mean?”

“Lieutenant, can I use my next wish?”

The Lieutenant was silent for a few seconds, hesitating to answer but eventually did.

“Yes, you can.”

“I wish for you to keep everyone here while I move forward to the top of the mountain to finish the Destroyers. Should any slip past me, then you’ll be alert to kill them.”

Lieutenant Dante narrowed his eyes. ‘This guy… he’s definitely hiding something…’

He exhaled and responded. “Fine. But don’t push yourself too hard.”

Northern gave a crooked smile and turned away. He looked at his father and caught Ryan glancing towards him.

Then he walked forward, leaving the others behind. Soon, his figure became distant. When he was sure he had gone far enough, he summoned.

“Guys…”

Pillars of black flames erupted behind him as he walked, and as they dissipated, several

beings were revealed, moving with him.

A black-haired man with calm, warm, yet unsettlingly vicious eyes, wrapped in a black, almost modern-era suit.

Behind Revant, a dark lustrous monster with four devilish red eyes and arms trotted menacingly, its tail curled to one side.

Towards Northern’s right, a tall man who exuded an antique aura walked with his hands tucked into the loose neck of his inner garb-that now freely displayed his neat black tie and

inner white shirt.

Behind the man was a lithe black figure with an intelligent and scrutinizing look in his eyes. On his chest was a lightning-shaped white line that branched out to spread over his body. Behind them all was a glossy hunched monster with jagged teeth and two red orbs glowing from the depths of its mouth-Corpse Eater

Then following Corpse Eater from behind was a large white tailless beast, walking on all four legs. Each movement caused its fur to dance in the wind, its blue eyes radiating excitement. Led by their master, these quiddities of the void marched to battle, together for the first time.
_______________________________________

Chapter 596: Quiddities Of Void [Part 2]
Northern’s steps echoed over the rocky ground as he ascended, his entourage of Void quiddities marching alongside him.

The harsh wind battered them, whistling like a ghostly anthem through the mountain slopes.

Yet, each of his summons seemed unaffected, their eyes fixed ahead, gleaming with dark promise.

They finally came to a stop after their master did. Northern fixed his gaze forward, his eyes glowing with a cold and powerful light.

He then turned around, looking at everyone in a breath before opening his mouth to speak.

“Just see this as me letting you guys loose. The one who kills the most of these guys gets to be number one.”

Bairan’s eyes twitched, and he silently looked forward with an indifferent expression.

Revant, on the other hand, had his face contort darkly, while the others went ablaze with an ominous passion gleaming in their vicious eyes.

Before the two most human Void quiddities moved, black forms blurred past them. Bairan’s eyes widened-everything was still pretty new to him, and he had not yet acclimated to things since gaining life.

Northern had left immediately after giving him a black sword. He didn’t even get to say a word of thanks.

And now, there were all these strange creatures that were familiar and at the same time unfamiliar.

There seemed to be a lot of thought in his mind, so he looked aloof. Even as Revant shot away, he stayed, patiently watching the monsters that broke out of the ground ahead.

The creatures were a twisted fusion of human and insect, their sinewy form covered in armor- like segments with a sickly sheen, as if dipped in the very essence of corrupted blood.

Their bodies were long, winding into a massive, scorpion-like tail that dripped with a viscous, dark fluid.

Multiple limbs, spindly yet powerful, anchored them to the ground, and antennae twitched with an unnatural rhythm, sensing the thick atmosphere of the blood rift.

Eyes like pools of tar glinted with malice, hinting at a mind twisted by the plague that birthed it.

Veins pulsed beneath their chitinous skin, each beat spreading a toxic glow that radiated the rift’s corruption.

As they moved, they exuded an aura of decay, turning the air sharp with the scent of iron and rot.

They met in a frightening clash with Night Terror, Black Mamba, Corpse Eater, and Revant. Now, even Mr. Fluffy powerfully leaped from behind and pounced on one of them, brutally tearing its chitinous skin away from its body.

Bairan stayed there for a moment. Then he turned back to face Northern and went down on both knees, lowering his head.

Northern raised his brows, his eyes expanding. ‘What is happening right now?’

“Thank you for giving me a sense of purpose and bringing me to life. Wherever Raven is, I will find her and bring her to justice for what she has done to us.”

Northern tilted his head. ‘…us? Does he understand that those are not his memories?’ A small frown creased Northern’s brows. ‘That’s not how this was supposed to go though?’

Northern was silent for a while, but he already had an idea of what was happening. If it was just his clone, it shared a sense of self with him.

It might have turned out as the clone not recognizing himself as a part of Northern but rather as a singular existence and owning those memories.

That was, in fact, what Northern was expecting. But it seemed that the influence of using Bairan’s soul had affected the results he expected.

Bairan seemed to recognize that these were his master’s memories and pains, and accepted them. What Northern was not sure about was if this would still continue to shape Bairan’s personality.

Or if his old personality would intrude just like his intelligence had.

Northern sighed and combed his hand through his hair tiredly as he responded.

“You are welcome. But don’t you want to join them? The way it looks, they will be disposing

of the monsters soon.”

“It is fine. I do not want to fight for ranks and position-to be yours alone is my joy and gratification. However, I do want to make your immediate wish come true and show you that you can leave Raven’s demise to me.”

Northern smiled. ‘I like this one. I like this one very much.’

“Alright, Bairan… do what suits you. I won’t stop you.”

Northern said and turned away from Bairan, focusing on the rest who were in the middle of an intense battle-not minding as Bairan disappeared into nothing.

Revant moved with fluid grace, his every motion a dance of lethal precision.

He closed in on the Destroyers, his suit’s dark fabric fluttering as he sidestepped the swipes of their clawed limbs.

His hands seemed to blur, delivering bone-crushing punches and kicks that shattered chitin and sent smaller creatures reeling.

When a Destroyer lunged at him, mandibles open wide to tear him apart, Revant twisted mid- air and delivered a blow to its head with such force that it splintered, black ichor spraying across the ground.

He landed softly, a disgusted smirk tugging at his lips. He removed the blood-stained gloves in his hands and exchanged them for clean ones before joining the fray again.

Black Mamba moved like a shadow, his form flickering as he phased in and out of visibility.

One moment, he was before a Destroyer; the next, he was behind it, his hand plunging through its hardened skin to tear out a piece of its core.

His aura distorted the air around him, creating afterimages that confused the creatures.

The Destroyers swung wildly, their attacks missing as Black Mamba evaded with spectral

ease.

enemies, and mercilessly swiped

With a swift sla of his hand, he left deep unds in their heads off with his other hand, unequipped with any weapon.

Meanwhile, Night Terror struck with terrifying precision. His form sometimes looked unstable as he coiled around the Destroyers, tail snapping out with the speed and force of a whip, breaking bones and leaving deep gouges in the monsters’ hides.

The four red eyes shone with an almost sadistic pleasure as he toyed with one of the smaller Destroyers, wrapping it in a crushing embrace before injecting his needle-like fangs into its body one after another.

The creature shrieked, its limbs spasming as Night Terror’s fingers dug deep into its skin. Satisfied, Night Terror released the limp body, already moving on to the next.

In the midst of this chaos, Mr. Fluffy was a force of raw power and ferocity.

Unlike his companions, there was nothing subtle about his approach.

He barreled into the Destroyers with earth-shaking force, his massive body a wall of muscle

and fur.

With each swipe of his massive paws, he sent Destroyers flying, their bodies breaking on

impact.

One creature lunged at him, only for Mr. Fluffy to catch it in his jaws, crushing it in a single bite before flinging it aside.

His blue eyes gleamed with fierce joy, and a growl rumbled deep in his chest as he pounced on another Destroyer, tearing it apart with brutal efficiency.

Before the battle seemed to start, it looked like it was nearing its end. In one moment, all the Catastrophic Destroyers seemed to have been done away with. Only one was left.

Night Terror and Revant exchanged a brief glance, a vicious passion igniting in both their

eyes.

Northern watched with interest as Night Terror and Revant dashed off towards the final

Destroyer.

The creature’s segmented body pulsed with a sickly light, its mandibles clicking in a frenzied rhythm as it sensed the approaching doom.

Night Terror’s form rippled, darkness seeping from his being like thick smoke. His movement was instant, closing the distance with predatory grace.

But Revant was already there, his pristine gloves a blur as he struck at the creature’s joints.

“You think you can beat me with such slipshod speed?” His face twisted with a wicked grin as he looked at Night Terror while snatching the last kill.

The Destroyer screamed, a sound that echoed across the mountain slope, its tail whipping between them in desperate defense.

Neither moved back. Night Terror’s claws raked across its side while Revant’s fist found its mark on the creature’s skull, their attacks landing simultaneously.

Black ichor sprayed the rocky ground, and the monster collapsed in a heap of broken chitin

and twisted limbs.

But that did not seem to be the end. Night Terror lunged his claws at Revant, and like a child, Revant dodged and twisted a punch into the creature’s abdomen.

Northern’s lips curved slightly. ‘Interesting.’ His eyes held a glint of amusement as he watched his creations bristle at each other.

Mr. Fluffy sat back on his haunches, his massive form casting a shadow as he observed the tension with those intelligent blue eyes. His fur was matted with the dark blood of their

enemies, yet he seemed unbothered.

Black Mamba materialized beside Northern, his form still flickering slightly. He tilted his head, watching as Night Terror and Revant squared off.

“That’s enough.” Northern’s voice cut through the tension like a blade. “We have more

pressing matters to attend to.”

Revant straightened his gloves, his expression returning to its usual controlled state.

Night Terror’s darkness receded, though his red eyes still burned with unspent violence. ‘Now, I wonder where Bairan took off to.
_______________________________________

Chapter 597: Two Icons
Northern was in thought for a minute, his eyes carefully scanning all of his void summons while seeming to converse with his brain at the same time.

He folded his hands together and lowered his head a little bit, furrowing his brows as he argued with himself.

‘I should be able to finish the rest on my own. If I went full throttle with all my summons, in fact, defeating the rift would have been possible. Maybe I was just shortsighted for a bit.’

He scratched his chin.

‘But then, how would I have copied these talents? Besides, I still need to copy the

Lieutenant’s talent. Yeah, that alone is enough reason for us to do it together.’

With that final thought, Northern made his decision to go back and inform them so they could all come along with him, dismissing his summons.

Before Northern arrived, Dante had felt the disappearance of all eleven Catastrophic

Destroyers. He stood guarded, with a tense expression on his face.

As Northern approached all of them, the first thing he said was:

“You killed all of that? Alone?”

Northern smiled a little bit, letting it fade as he stopped in front of the Lieutenant.

“We are due to go forward and end this once and for all.” His gaze met with Dante’s as he spoke.

Then he averted it and glanced around at everyone else.

“You don’t need to worry, Lieutenant Dante and I will finish whatever is left of this.” He returned his eyes back to Dante again. “Right, Lieutenant?”

Dante, his expression rigid and indifferent, exhaled as he closed and opened his eyes, then responded.

“Northern is right. It’s best everyone else just sit this one out.”

“I’m coming with you,” Ryan declared firmly, his expression becoming stubborn.

“Me too, I am still in good condition,” Shin also added.

“Ryan, it’s easy for anyone to know you’ve outdone yourself in the last full battle. And that is totally fine—there’s no way an ability like yours wouldn’t have its downside.”

Ryan frowned. His fist trembled as he clenched tight. Northern was right; the flaw of his talent was indeed beginning to kick in. If anyone looked closer, they’d see that he was getting paler than usual.

If he pushed himself any more than he already had, he might have to start fighting through a serious cold that would sting throughout his body.

And the reality of this situation was that there was no need for all of that. He didn’t need to push himself that hard, not when Lieutenant Dante and Northern could indeed put an end to things on their own.

Northern turned to his father.

“You too, father. I know you are in top condition after rising to a new rank, but you should still sit this one out. You’ll only get in our way.”

Dante glanced at Northern as he spoke.

Shin gritted his teeth, lowering his head for a few moments before releasing his voice from the jail of his teeth.

“I have heard you then. I will stay back, and we will protect ourselves in case things go wrong on any side.”

‘Things won’t go wrong…’ Northern, however, did not say that aloud. Instead, he offered a very short-lived smile and said:

“Alright then, father. That will be helpful.”

Shin stepped closer and put his arms around Northern, hugging him for a brief moment.

“Be careful out there…” he said and released the hug, stepping back from Northern. Northern immediately turned away and walked from the group along with the Lieutenant. After they’d gone a little bit further, Dante spoke. “Isn’t that quite the heartless thing to say to your own father? Even if he is your foster father.”

Northern glanced at him, one of his brows tweaking up.

“What? It wouldn’t take a genius to figure out that the Kageyama scion is not your father.

They have a strong gene for black hair. And your white hair is too foreign-if you are not a foreigner, then your parents must be.”

Northern looked down with a frown on his face. ‘Was it that easy to figure out?’

Lieutenant Dante sighed.

“Don’t worry, I am not interested in whatever family you are from or the secret you are hiding.”

Northern raised his head confidently and sighed too.

“That’s a relief really, saves me from making a difficult decision.”

Lieutenant Dante scoffed in disbelief.

“I guess it is understandable that someone like you is this cocky.”

Northern grinned with a corner of his lips, looking at the Lieutenant with a playful light in his eyes.

“Cocky? Cocky really? I don’t press where I know I won’t break. Do you want to try and see if cockiness is just what this is?”

Lieutenant Dante paused, resting his hand on the hilt of his hung sword.

“Are you picking a fight with me?”

Northern, seeing how Dante’s tone and expression suddenly became tough and authoritative,

clicked his tongue in disgust.

“You can’t even take a little joke. Your life must be very boring.”

“That’s quite ironic coming from you.”

Northern tilted his head, squinting his eyes.

“What do you mean by that?”

Lieutenant Dante hid a smile and continued forward. He enjoyed the disturbance and

managed to leave Northern as he walked ahead.

“Hey, hey, don’t walk away. What do you mean by ironic coming from me? I am very good at taking jokes. I am a very likable person because I am funny.”

“Sure, sure… at least it helps you sleep every night.”

‘What? This bastard…’ Northern trotted forward but suddenly stopped as Lieutenant Dante

halted.

The Lieutenant glanced around, his eyes widened.

“And only you supposedly did all of this?”

Northern cocked his head, a menacing light glowing in his eyes, as he walked past Lieutenant Dante with his back-his eyes finding delight in the Lieutenant’s disarrayed expression.

“When did I ever say it was only me… hurry up and let’s go finish this.”

He said as he turned around and suddenly vanished.

The Lieutenant also followed, his form blurring through the wind, leaving a crimson trail.

They continued to the top of the mountain, and after a while, finally reached its peak, then frёeωebɳovel.com

they paused.

Northern stood at the edge of the mountain and looked down towards its backside.

The depth of the mountain was covered in crimson clouds; somehow, it resembled something

he had seen before.

“That is where the guardian is?”

“If I am not mistaken… yes,” Northern replied, his gaze locked downward.

“What is the percentage of you being mistaken?”

Northern raised his head, with a crude grin. “Zero… none.”
_______________________________________

Chapter 598: The Surbodinate
“So, what is next? Dive? Or walk?”

Northern stayed silent for a few minutes, then he scrunched his eyes.

“Well, whichever one you think is faster.”

“Faster? Why do we have to be worried about speed?”

“If I’m not wrong, a subordinate of mine is already down there. We don’t want to miss the fun now, do we?”

“Why do you keep saying ‘if you are not wrong,’ ‘if you are not mistaken,’ when you very much know you are not?”

“What’s wrong with trying to sound humble? You humans will never be pleased, I see.”

“I suppose you are not one of the very humans you speak about.”

Northern looked at the Lieutenant with a smile.

“Don’t take too long.”

He fell down the mountain unrestrained, unbothered, his form disappearing into the red cloud.

Lieutenant Dante stared deeply for a couple of beats.

‘He really just fell into it?’ He sighed and walked forward.

Unlike Northern who fell directly as if he was going to sleep, the Lieutenant with steeze

walked forward until there was no more land, then thrust deep into the ominous depth of the mountain.

Northern, as he was about to land, twisted his body mid-air and landed with grace that complimented his frame.

The red clouds parted around him like curtains, revealing the jagged terrain below.

His metal boots barely made a sound as they touched the ground, a stark contrast to his imposing presence.

He tilted his head, listening.

The faint echoes of combat drifted through the mist-metal clashing against metal, punctuated by occasional bursts of energy that made the air crackle.

Someone was already engaged in battle just as he had thought, and he need not think excessively to figure out who.

‘When he said he would fulfill my immediate desire, was this what he was talking about?’

Was it possible that Bairan, instead of dealing with the monsters just like everyone else, had detected the presence of a much stronger opponent and gone after it to please Northern?

‘How many steps ahead is he thinking? Two? Three?’

A few moments later, Lieutenant Dante emerged from above, his descent more controlled but no less impressive.

His uniform remained impeccable despite the fall, not a single wrinkle out of place.

“Show-off,” Northern muttered, though his eyes held a glimmer of amusement. “Your graceful entrance cost us precious seconds.”

“Some of us prefer to maintain a certain standard,” Dante replied, brushing an imaginary speck of dust from his shoulder. “Even when dropping into what could very well be hell itself.”

Northern’s expression hardened as he gazed into the distance where the sounds of battle grew louder.

“Hell? No, Lieutenant. You have not seen Hell-I have seen Hell. Hell is more organized than this place.”

He started walking, his stride purposeful. “Hell is beautiful, the smell of death marinates the air in such a way that it sweetens the nostrils when you breathe it in. And the atmosphere, it’s a beauty that will make you look four times and still not be able to get enough of what you are looking at. Your face will crumble at the boorish magnificence of what you are beholding.

“Compared to that, this is just a luxurious wannabe of what I would call hell. I’m really beginning to doubt the tier system of rifts at this point.”

Dante observed him with a worried expression, making Northern retort.

“What? Why are you looking at me like I am insane?”

“I can only imagine what vile things being in a monster-infested continent would have done to your sanity as a child.”

Northern lingered in silence for a bit. Then he shrugged.

“Actually, it’s not as bad as you’re making it sound. Indeed, a lot has happened, but I am more sane than any of you in this continent-you all are weak cowards and hypocritical bastards.”

“Are you judging everyone with just the fault of one man?”

Northern chuckled but did not respond. Instead, he narrowed his eyes, his movement becoming a bit slow.

The red mist swirled around them, but it did not obscure their vision enough to hide the

corpses of monsters that lay motionless on the ground.

Several kinds of the grotesque monsters of the red mist that Northern and the Lieutenant had dealt with lay scattered around.

The Lieutenant studied the corpses for a bit.

“Your subordinate is a swordsman? A very good one at that.”

“Yes.” Northern allowed a little proud smile. “He’s a new guy but he might be the best thing

that has ever happened to me.”

“Don’t go placing your trust in people like that. I’ll tell you, it ruins.”

“Thanks for the advice. I don’t even do that to begin with.”

Northern went silent as he observed all the corpses, then he brought his face to meet the Lieutenant’s, with a decisive look in his eyes.

“I guess you have decided what the last wish is going to be?”

“Yes.”

“Let’s hope it’s something I can do…”

Northern smiled, attempting to ease the tension that suddenly hung in the atmosphere. “Don’t worry, it’s very much doable.” He looked forward. “Whatever happens from now till we finish the rift dies with you.”

The Lieutenant frowned a little bit. Before he got to say a word, Northern added:

“Like you said, I do not trust you or any human, but if you mean what you said, then this you should do. If I find out you betray me in any way, death will be the least you are worried about, and you can just forget about that one wish.”

The Lieutenant’s expression was somewhat cold and unreadable. There was a faintly dangerous look in the depth of his eyes that seemed to rise like the flames of a furnace, but he suppressed them with a sigh and closed his eyes for a moment.

Then he opened them and responded.

“It’s fine… your secret is safe with me.”

Northern smiled and nodded. “Well, then, we’ve got a rift guardian to kill.”

Both of them continued forward. As they did, the corpses on the ground became more

pronounced and plenty.

Not to say that all of them were obviously Behemoths, Disastrous Behemoths, Calamitous Behemoths, and even Devilish Behemoths.

They finally reached a point where the red mist seemed to disappear. In front of them stood a tall cave with a metallic crimson door.

In front of them, a white-haired man sat on a heap of monster corpses, blood splattered across his face, his eyes viciously reflecting the faint light of the ominous black blade in his

hands.

The blood on the Dark Mortal Blade was seeping into the blade itself, and the man watched this with pleasure in his eyes.

Then he averted his attention from the sword and looked at the two humans who were

marching towards him.

One of them, sensing the threat he posed, placed his hand on his sword. “Your subordinate is quite strong. Is he a Paragon too? And how did he get here?”

Bairan stood up, stabbed his sword into the ground, and went down on one knee.

“Master, you have arrived. I left the strongest one for you and killed the minions so they don’t get in your way.”
_______________________________________

Chapter 599: The Test
Northern stared for a few seconds, not saying anything as Bairan’s eyes lingered on him.

The Sword King was on his knee, his eyes fixed upon Northern, patiently-with all the patience in the world-waiting for what Northern’s response was going to be.

Dante stood on guard, his hands fisted around the handle of his sword, eyes locked onto the strange being before him.

Every part of his composure was brimming with calculated awareness, showing he was actively gauging his target as much as he was getting ready to strike at the slightest threat. Northern, however, was occupied with something else. His eyes stayed on Bairan’s entire demeanor, from the unbreaking and resolved look in his eyes to his stalwart composure.

And there was just something Northern could not shake off.

The feeling of being evaluated.

He shook his head. ‘No, he can’t be doing that…’

But there was something strange about this act, unless he was overthinking it and reading extra meaning into what Bairan was doing.

‘But if he is not testing me then why did he not go ahead and deal with the guardian and say, “Oh master, I have vanquished your foes”? Isn’t that what the case should be?’

It was as if Bairan’s act of extinguishing the Behemoths and even calling them minions was to inform Northern of his worth, and now, he was asking Northern to also prove his own worth.

Is it bad? Is there anything bad about it?

‘Nah, if that is what he is doing then I am utterly disappointed. Even Revant wasn’t this daring… or was he?’

Northern raised a brow and thought deeply. After another few beats of silence, he frowned. ‘No, he’s definitely doing it.’

The next second following that… no, before the next second, a wild gust of wind blew and Northern was instantly in front of Bairan’s eyes, his own darkly widened.

“How dare you try to test me?”

Bairan, shocked as Northern suddenly appeared before his eyes. With how focused his eyes were on his so-called Master, he hadn’t seen the young boy move an inch.

He did not even blink, but Northern’s movement bypassed his vision somehow.

‘Or did he not move?’ Bairan was left utterly confused.

“I’m talking to you.” Northern’s tone struck like thunder, demanding the Sword King’s attention with a lace of fear.

“I-I—”

He wanted to speak, but only stammers and failed words found him.

He went silent, steadied his breath, and his rapid heartbeat.

A grin formed on his face, and he bowed his head.

“I am sorry for my daring act. I wanted to be sure that someone who shares my dream of vanquishing a dreadful foe is worth my attention and effort.”

He dropped his second knee and kowtowed.

“But I was only stupid. I see now that I was only ahead of myself. Definitely, the times have changed from what they used to be. And you are definitely a strong man, worth serving and fighting for. It is an honor to share a dream with you.”

Northern stood upright and glared down at the Sword King from his vantage point.

With Bairan’s heartfelt apology, there was nothing more he could do.

‘Damn, these Void entities keep asking for it.’

He turned back to Dante. “It’s fine… I have it under control. He won’t bite you.”

Only then did Lieutenant Dante relax from his position and push his slightly drawn sword back into its sheath.

He came forward, still observing Bairan, even though he was still kowtowing towards Northern.

Northern glanced at the colossal door of the cave briefly, his eyes catching a glimpse of a crimson flood-like engraving.

“Since you were going to do it anyway, stay outside and keep watch till I’m done inside.” “Yes Master. Do not worry yourself, you can leave these shrubs to me,” Bairan responded in excitement, raising his head.

The moment Bairan raised his head, Northern grabbed it and slammed it back down.

“Don’t you dare move an inch from this position, else I’ll be sending you into the nothingness you came from.”

“Yes master, I dare not disobey.” With a line of blood streaming down the ground, the Sword King responded full of vigor.

Northern stood back up and then moved towards the door. Meanwhile, Lieutenant Dante couldn’t hide his shock at what he had just seen.

A child treating an obvious adult like a lesser being. All these things just raised more questions about Northern’s identity.

And for once, he felt very tempted to use that one wish he had gained from Northern. But he resisted the temptation-the value was too small to spend such an expensive opportunity on. Not that he thought little of Northern, but what good would knowing Northern’s identity do him?

It was better off being left to rest. At the very least, he could understand why Northern had used his last wish to shut him up.

Northern stood in front of the door studying its engraving.

“It looks like these things are telling a story…”

His voice drove the Lieutenant’s thoughts away, prompting him to also look at the

engravings.

“Whoever created this must have taken a long time doing it,” the Lieutenant commented shortly after he began to study it.

“It seemed like the metal was carved and painted afterwards, but the painting is so amazing, the details of shading are astonishing… is what I would have thought if I was inexperienced.” Lieutenant Dante, fascinated by Northern’s latter statement, interestingly raised a brow. “Okay? So what’s your deduction as an experienced drifter?”

Northern squinted his eyes and moved his hand to touch the door, feeling its smooth and rough surfaces due to the engraved shading areas.

“This material was entirely forged from blood. The engraving was done when the door itself

was in a semi-hardened stage.”

Lieutenant opened his mouth. “Ooooh, that’s quite an interesting deduction. Only an experienced drifter would indeed say something without much evidence.”

“What other evidence do you need? The smell of blood has been prominent since we entered this place. The red mist, the red cloud, and the monsters themselves-all of them are clues that this rift has some ardent attachment to blood.”

Northern explained, of course, leaving out the fact that he had seen the title of the rift to be one of the ten plagues, so something definitely must be wrong.

‘Most likely a plague of blood.’

“Alright then, I guess it’s time to go inside? So we can find out if you are right?”

A grin tugged at the edge of Northern’s lips. “Do you like dramatic entries?”

“I wouldn’t care any less.”

Northern fully formed the grin and with a sudden clutch of his fist, using pure strength, he

squeezed the metal in the middle, wrinkles folding the surface of the colossal metal door.

With a flick of his hand, the gate wrenched itself free from the arms of the cave wall, flying inside and destroying the ground viciously.
_______________________________________

Chapter 600: The Blood Palace
Northern stepped into the cavern, walking forward over the wreckage of the colossal door, his boots crunching on the warped metal as he strode into the blood-soaked darkness beyond.

The air within was heavy-thicker, almost tangible, as if each breath drew not oxygen but the weight of a thousand souls.

The crimson haze that filled the cavern outside seemed to condense here, pooling in murky rivulets across the polished floor.

The Blood Palace.

The vast chamber unveiled itself in solemn, gruesome grandeur.

The walls appeared alive, veins of dark scarlet pulsating faintly beneath their surface, as though the room itself had been carved from a colossal living organism.

Overhead, an arched ceiling stretched high into shadowed obscurity, lined with crystalline droplets that glistened like blood-red tears, catching and refracting the dim light into a haunting mosaic.

Towering statues lined the length of the hall, each depicting a crusader mid-battle.

Their blood-forged forms were grotesquely lifelike, every detail painstakingly rendered- the jagged edges of their armor, the taut strain of their muscles, and the ferocious determination forever etched into their expressions.

Some gripped massive swords, their edges dripping with what looked like fresh blood, while others carried shields emblazoned with runes that radiated faint crimson auras.

Among them were the standing crusaders-unmoving yet not lifeless.

Their poses were rigid, their stances militant, but their eyes… their eyes burned with a dim, sinister glow.

From their fingertips danced faint trails of spell arts-glyphs and sigils of blood magic that floated in the air like dying embers, waiting to be unleashed at the slightest provocation.

At the heart of the hall, elevated on a staircase of bones entwined with crimson tendrils, stood the grand throne. No-the thrones.

The tallest, central seat loomed over the others, a menacing construct of blackened bone and bloodsteel similar to the door’s material. Its surface was adorned with jagged spikes that seemed designed not for comfort but for supremacy.

Seated upon it was a figure draped in flowing robes that shifted like liquid blood, the crimson fabric cascading to pool at the base of the throne like a river of gore.

Their face was hidden beneath an ornate helm, its design a fusion of elegance and savagery, with horns curving outward like a crown of violence.

They held a scepter in one hand, its tip pulsating with raw, terrifying power that made the air hum with latent energy.

Flanking the central throne were lesser seats, each occupied by a crusader in repose, their armor distinct yet unified in a macabre aesthetic.

These seated figures exuded a commanding presence, their postures upright, as though ready to rise at a moment’s notice to answer their master’s call.

Northern stopped at the threshold, his gaze sweeping the room.

The oppressive energy swirled around him, trying to claw its way into his soul.

Lieutenant Dante, who had followed cautiously behind, froze at the sight. His breath hitched, and his hand instinctively moved toward his blade.

“It’s magnificent,” Northern muttered, his voice barely above a whisper, tinged with strange

reverence.

Dante shot him a glance. “Magnificent? This place is a nightmare made real.”

“Exactly,” Northern replied, his grin faint but sharp. “Whoever designed this didn’t just want to create a rift. They wanted to send a message. Every detail, every inch of this place screams of dominion and supremacy.”

Northern stepped forward, his boots splashing in the shallow blood pooling on the floor.

As he moved closer to the center of the chamber, the seated ruler stirred, the scepter’s glow intensifying.

The standing crusaders turned their heads in unison, their glowing eyes locking onto him. A low hum of power filled the hall as the spell arts in their hands grew brighter.

Northern’s grin widened. “I suppose this is the part where we make introductions. So, do you want to go first, or shall I?”

“Are you kidding me right now? How is only one of us supposed to deal with all these statues…”

“Simple-we make it tag. You go in, tag me when you’re tired, and I tag you when you’re tired.”

Lieutenant Dante tilted his head, his forehead creasing.

‘Is this really a joke to these guys? All the creatures here are behemoths; this essence radiating from them says no less. How can he be so calm and casual about this?’ Lieutenant Dante ruminated inwardly, his eyes staying on Northern with a faint light of admiration.

One of the standing crusaders raised an arm, and a sigil blazed to life in the air before them. It twisted and writhed like a serpent, growing brighter with each passing second. Dante moved instinctively, drawing his sword and stepping in front of Northern.

Northern slowly counted his steps backward as Dante prepared to face the monster. He observed the kind of skill the monster was using and got ready for a major part of his plan.

The sigil exploded into a massive serpent with a lustrous black stone body and devilish red eyes. It thrashed forward without further ado, widening its ferocious maw and crashing onto the ground where the Lieutenant was standing.

The ground exploded into debris and smoke, and as the cloud cleared-the caster statue widened its crimson eyes and quickly looked up.

There he was, Lieutenant Dante suspended in the air, his gaze locked onto the statue, his voice ringing out.

“Since I have more of you all to deal with, it would be a waste of time to dwell on your spell, don’t you agree?”

“Lightspeed… Echo.”

WHOOOOOOOOSSSHHH

Northern watched as white light covered the Lieutenant’s form and thrust him forward, his sword burning with a wicked incandescent light that melted the surface of the red stone before the blade could fully generate into it, making it easy for the sword to penetrate.

A massive explosion resounded in the hall as the powerful strike was repeated throughout the rest of the statue’s body.

Northern stared with excitement dancing in his eyes.

‘This is a cheat skill; it really is a cheat skill.’

[Talent, Phantasmal Sword (SSS) has been found]

[Do you want to copy Talent for 5,000 talent fragments?] Northern grinned. ‘Yes, of course.’