Chapter 611: Meeting Hao [Part 1]
After arriving back in South Drywall, Northern, his parents, and Ryan settled in the citadel for a couple of days.

Those days were strenuous and hectic for Northern, mainly because he had to deal with seeing his mother, father, and sister every day.

As simple as it sounded, it was something very complicated for someone like him.

With how increasingly void he kept feeling, it was difficult for him to pretend to show certain emotions.

And his mother saw through his attempts like glass.

There was a doleful look on her face anytime their paths crossed, and he had intentionally made sure those times were as few as possible.

He had looked forward to meeting his mother. Meeting his parents had been one major drive that pushed him to fight his way back from the Dark Continent.

But now that he was seeing her, things were not the same anymore.

Everything was not in that place where he had left it. Now, he couldn’t help but feel stupid for how he had imagined meeting his parents would be.

It was still okay with Shin. Man to man, Shin understood and respected the change.

But Eisha was different. Northern hated the look in her eyes; it was like she was begging for her child to come back to her.

Knowing very well that he had gotten to a point where he could never return, which meant the child she lost a year ago could never return to her, he just felt sorrowful for her.

And he couldn’t even continue to sulk in his sorry state caused by the weight of his powers. Northern felt like he needed to make up for this void by making sure both of them were safe. There were two things he needed to do to achieve that.

First was get to the bottom of both the elf cults and the reason why the Kageyama clan suddenly approached Shin… Eisha’s disappearance might have been a coincidence that happened while the Kageyama clan approached Shin.

But Northern had another thought. It was inconceivable.

What if the elf cult was working with the Kageyama Clan?

That would make things deeper than he thought they were. So, it was something he needed to get to the bottom of at all costs.

The second thing he needed to do was… get stronger.

That, Northern wanted to do by going to the academy.

For the next six months of his life, he would not be able to rank up his soul due to the penalty, which meant for the next six months, he would be busy harvesting fragments, evolving his talents, and copying more talents.

Not only that, with the academy’s vast knowledge, he would also be learning about talent and soul.

First was what was left of his discussion with the Lieutenant about FORCE.

If there was indeed anything like that, he thought the academy would be the best ground to learn it.

The second was about rifts and the history of their origin. He wanted to know what they began with and what exactly rifts in the early days were like.

He wanted to know if he could see traces of the Chaos Prince, Tyrants, and Origins in the books of history.

The third was about true names. Northern so far had not seen anything special about true names, but if there was one thing he knew, it was that they weren’t there for decoration.

True names had to have a purpose they were serving to the soul and its core.

But so far, Northern had seen nothing that really painted the value of true names.

Of course, in himself, he had gained the ability to steal others’ names, therefore ridding them of their abilities, but it was only monsters.

Moreover, he hadn’t discovered any value that the stolen names held for him.

Sometimes, it looked like it was just for decoration. But there had to be more.

Nameless and Formless were the one thing that belonged to him as a careless Drifter, without the influence of the system.

Northern felt a great sense of attachment to it and the need to unravel its use to him.

The fourth thing Northern wanted to learn was the art of craft, not just any craft but blacksmithing.

In fact, it was one of the major reasons he was going to the academy.

At first, it had just been a guess that since it was the only academy for drifters in the Central Plains, there should be a course there for non-combat drifters.

Builders, to be exact.

And since reaching South Drywall, he had been asking around, and it turned out that he was right indeed.

Northern since then had been planning his departure meticulously.

With the art of craft, his knowledge in engineering, and the Soul Craft ability he gained through Limitless Void, he would be able to cause a part of him that had been buried to bud. And this would give him some utility ability; hence, he wouldn’t just rely on his copy abilities. He would also be able to make up for his lack of items this way.

But before he began to do all of that, the one thing Northern needed to do was talk to Hao.

He sighed. He had been staring in the mirror for the past few minutes as he cooked these thoughts in his head over and over again, being thorough with them to make sure he wasn’t missing anything.

He looked away from the mirror for a moment and looked again, this time observing himself. His gaze was unwavering as his calm blue eyes traced his own reflection.

The light in the room caught on the faint texture of his ribbed, white sweater, accentuating the clean lines of its design.

Since the year was nearing its end, the weather in not just South Drywall but most of the Central Plains was getting unbearably cold, and that was what had warranted the thick

sweater.

He didn’t even get to pick it himself; left to him, he didn’t mind-it was not like cold had an effect on him.

The high collar of the sweater hugged his neck, speaking a subtle but bold statement, while the black bands on his sleeves added a sharp contrast, framing his lean, athletic build.

His gloved fingers rested lightly on his hip, the black fabric a seamless extension of the monochrome ensemble.

The gleam of the silver accents on his pants-a zipper-like detail that suggested both utility and style-caught his attention, and he adjusted the slight tilt of the chain draped along his

thigh.

Tousled white hair framed his face, its messy and long strands perfectly offsetting the

crispness of his outfit.

The dual earrings in his left ear added an edge to his otherwise clean look, whispering of rebellion restrained by discipline.

His expression was unreadable, save for the faintest hint of thoughtfulness in the furrow of

his brows.

He leaned closer, the faint shadow of his breath fogging the mirror for just a moment, as if trying to discern something deeper in his reflection.

Then Northern muttered to himself.

“I guess this is fine for being casual…”

He leaned away from the mirror and after that headed out of the Citadel.

As he walked, several people who were staff of the Citadel bowed their heads upon passing

him.

At first, Northern had found this strange, but after two weeks of seeing it play out no matter how much he tried to stop it, he was getting used to it.

The reason was none other than the fact that he was now a Sage.

In the entire Citadel, there were only five Sages; Alystren and the Headmaster were among

them.

Northern becoming a Sage made their numbers increase to six.

Those five were respected the most in the Citadel. Their presence was very rare because they were always in different regions representing the Citadel, closing rifts and building connections on behalf of the citadel.

Of course, some were probably living their life the way they wanted to.

But one of the things that made Tharion Citadel one of the powerhouses in the Central Plains and the third strongest Citadel was because of the number of Sages they had.

And now that the number had increased, a great change was coming for the Citadel, and they

all were looking forward to it.

All this together brought a disposition of respect from them without even being asked.

Now, everywhere within the Citadel, people were either referring to him as Sage Northern or

Sir Sage.

The level of respect was almost choking sometimes.

Northern exhaled heavily as he finally came out of the citadel gate.

It felt like he had just removed himself from a heavy tangled cloth.

He brought out a small piece of paper in his hands and looked at the location on it.

“Well, now, let’s see what Hao has managed to accomplish in a month,” he muttered as he walked away.
_______________________________________

Chapter 612: Meeting Hao [Part 2]
Northern, after several twists and turns, eventually located the location he was supposed to meet Hao.

It was a low-profile bar nestled towards the eastern edge of the city that led to Berkinham Forest, the left wing of the dangerous dark forest that flanked South Drywall’s rear and separated them from the main Drywall.

It was also one of the reasons why South Drywall was able to break away from its mother nation.

Northern slipped through the quiet streets, his steps light against the uneven cobblestones.

The city around him breathed a strange mix of tension and serenity, the shadows of the Berkinham Forest looming in the distance like an unspoken threat.

The bar came into view—its façade modest, almost nondescript.

’Somehow, it looks like a place that looks like Hao,’ Northern thought as he glanced at the place.

It made him remember the Tower he and Ellis had gone to meet Hao at, and also the hidden vault of Hao in the forest.

Both places had that air of peasantry. He wasn’t judging; after spending a few weeks with the Tharion Citadel people, it just became apparent.

And Northern was realizing perhaps Hao could be one of those guys that turn out to be too humble even though they have the greatest riches.

’Which is not a bad thing, I guess.’

The door creaked as Northern pushed it open, revealing a dimly lit interior shrouded in smoke and whispers despite the brightness of the afternoon.

The place had no windows; the air was thick with the scent of aged wood and cheap liquor, and the patrons, scattered sparsely across the room, paid him little mind.

They were the type who didn’t ask questions, a perfect veil for those who needed anonymity.

Northern’s gaze swept the room, his sharp and calm eyes taking in every detail—the crooked shelves behind the bar, the bartender polishing glasses with mechanical disinterest, and the flicker of movement from the farthest corner booth.

He adjusted his stance, rolling his shoulders subtly, and moved forward with a purpose that seemed to part the atmosphere around him.

He stopped at the table without hesitation. Hao sat there, a casual slouch disguising the coiled readiness beneath.

His long coat pooled around him like a shadow, and his sharp features were partly obscured by the brim of his hat.

A pair of narrow eyes met Northern’s with a hint of amusement, though the man’s fingers never strayed far from the hilt of a dagger resting on the table.

"Ya’re late," Hao said, his voice as smooth as silk but carrying a subtle edge.

"Or you are early," Northern replied evenly, slipping into the opposite seat.

He leaned back, his arms resting on the edges of the chair, projecting a confidence that mirrored Hao’s. Their gazes locked, a silent exchange of power and intent.

For a moment, neither spoke, the sounds of muted conversation and clinking glasses filling the space between them.

Finally, Hao broke the silence.

"It turned out, living in the Central Plains suits ya better than Stelia, huh."

Northern pointed to him, "I never thought I’d see you like this... you look more like an Assassin than a trader."

"It’s just a guise; don’t mind all of this."

Northern tilted his head, "A guise? Did you get in trouble?"

"It’s a preventive measure..."

Northern narrowed his eyes, not understanding what Hao was getting at.

Hao sighed and opened his mouth.

"I’m trying to create a different persona from the usual Hao the trader. This persona is who will take your soul cores to trade them; Hao the trader will be the one managing your flow of income."

Northern raised a brow, scrunching one eye, "Is all that really necessary? For what could it be?"

Hao almost slammed the table but quickly caught himself, touched it slightly, and leaned forward, whispering.

"What do ya mean, is it necessary? There is nothing more necessary than this. We are in a nation where humans are not disciplined or held limited by dangers and disasters. Theft is the one greatest enemy to a trader. Even when there was so much disaster, it still struck me, by that damned Ellis and Green boy."

"I see you haven’t still forgotten about that."

"I can forgive. But I can never forget. I hate theft!"

He and Northern went silent for a few seconds.

"This different persona will help me separate things from each other; this will make it harder for people to trace my work."

Northern folded his hands and leaned back on the chair, nodding his head slightly as he thought about what Hao said to him.

"I guess it makes sense... but instead of doing that, I can provide a better solution."

Hao’s eyes staring at Northern intensified. "A better solution?"

"Yes. It will be like killing two birds with one stone..." Northern highlighted, but in his mind, ’...three actually.’

"Okay then. Let me hear it, lad."

"As you might have known, I am capable of cloning. I will create a clone whom you will teach and use as your own. He will do all the things you need him to do, plus he would also be capable of combat. Hence, you can always count on his protection. More importantly, he would be the link between you accessing the resources and me accessing my profit."

Hao was silent for a second. Then he nodded slightly.

"I see ya’ve thought this thoroughly, huh... are ya intentionally not mentioning that ya want to be watching me through this clone of yours."

"Oh, bingo." Northern grinned, "But don’t get offended. This is business, isn’t it? Focus more on the use of this surveillance."

Hao exhaled heavily and raised one hand, looking towards the bartender. He dropped the hand, as his face shifted to Northern.

"It’s fine, boy. It is worth it, and like ya said, it is business."

Northern’s grin dissolved into a gentle smile; he consented with a nod, and a waiter reached their table and bowed slightly.

"What will you be having, sirs?" Her tone was almost like the singing of the morning bird.

Hao glanced at the menu etched onto the worn wooden plaque the waitress held.

His lips twitched into the faintest smirk as his fingers traced along the edge of the table.

"Bring me the Emberhorn Steak. Rare. And make sure it’s seasoned with Ashroot spice—not the expensive kind."

The waitress bowed slightly, her gaze shifting toward Northern.

He leaned back, his eyes glinting faintly in the dim light as he studied the menu’s offerings.

He began, his voice measured, "I’ll have the Brimflame Skewers. Extra Pyre Pepper. Make sure the meat’s fresh, not frozen from some vendor in the slums."

He was getting a hang of food in this place, and it felt nice. He now even had a favorite meal; isn’t that amazing?!

The waitress straightened, her movements smooth and practiced. "Very well, sirs. Anything to drink?"

Northern was about to decline when Hao cut in, his tone almost playful.

"Two Draughts of Solstice Nectar. It’s rare around here, but I’m certain ya establishment wouldn’t dare serve anything less than authentic, would it?"

Her brows flicked up ever so slightly, but she nodded with a composed smile.

"Of course. It’ll be brought shortly."

With a final bow, she disappeared into the haze of the bar, leaving Northern and Hao in silence once more.

Hao leaned forward, resting his elbows on the table. "Do ya know that their waiters here are carefully selected. Sweet voice, beautiful face and magnifique shape. It looks boring from the outside but its a different level of establishment compared to what any would expect."

"And what am I supposed to do with that information?"

"Oi? Don’t be boring, ya wouldn’t say ya’ve never adored a woman before..."

Northern stared at him, eyes indifferent and cold. After a few seconds of the prolonged stare, Hao’s eyes widened, slowly widened even more as his mouth parted and spoke.

"Ya... Ya’ve never? Ya have really never looked at a woman and adored her?"

Northern’s gaze did not change.

Immediately, Hao narrowed his eyes and came closer again, "Is it men?"

"I do not have the luxury to nurture or even conceive such finite emotions."

Hao sighed and rolled his eyes. "Yes. Sure."

"Please, can we move on to why we are having this meeting."

Hao cleared his throat and repositioned himself to sit well.

He was about to start talking but paused. Less than two seconds later, the waitress returned, balancing a tray with practiced ease.

The smell hit first—rich, smoky, and layered with hints of charred sweetness and fiery spice.

She set the Emberhorn Steak before Hao, the meat still sizzling on the volcanic stone plate beneath it.

The cheap Ashroot spice danced along its surface like faint red embers.

Northern’s dish followed—a row of skewers threaded with thick chunks of Brimflame beast—a popular field beast that had come to be as a result of adaptation caused by rift monsters mixing with the natural habitat of animals, each piece glistened with a crimson glaze.

Tiny motes of heat shimmered above the skewers, evidence of the Pyre Pepper’s potency.

Finally, two golden chalices filled with Solstice Nectar were placed before them.

The drink seemed to pulse faintly, an illusion caused by the bioluminescent glow within the liquid. Northern raised a brow, impressed despite himself.

"Enjoy," the waitress said softly, bowing before vanishing once more into the bar’s shadows.
_______________________________________

Chapter 613: Meeting Hao [Part 3]
“It wasn’t very difficult grasping the ropes of trade. It was the one thing that I was used to, in fact things seemed easier in this continent than in Stelia. They have it quite easy.”

Hao took another bite of his meal, chewing busily with a short pause before his eyes met Northern’s, and he continued.

“But yes. I have been able to secure necessary connections and trade routes. For now, I will be making use of my benefactor’s establishment and connections. Eventually, I will break off.”

Northern glared into his eyes.

“Do not trust anyone. If you trust anyone, I’ll kill you.”

“Eh eh eh, boy. Breathe in, okay, breathe in…”

Northern leaned back and sighed. A few moments of silence passed between them before he said, “Usually, delicate business like this is destroyed by trust and fickle attachments. Don’t go off calling anyone your friend just because they helped you a lot. I will kill you.”

“Really?”

“If you leak the nature of our business to anyone, I will know and I will kill you too.”

Hao stopped chewing and blinked.

But Northern’s gaze only intensified, and he added, “If you try to be shady with my clone, I will have him kill you.”

He swallowed. Hesitating for a moment, he said, “At what point won’t ya be killing me?” “That is to tell you that your life is dependent on this. I have too much to lose; your life won’t even be enough compensation.”

Hao frowned, his eyes burning with a defiant light. But the look in Northern’s eyes was even more powerful and intimidating.

There was a spark of authority and power that shimmered in them and made his blood curl.

Perhaps what he felt was from his understanding of Northern’s strength and how ruthless he

was.

And now even more than before, Hao could feel the wide margin of power between the dark continent Northern and the Northern sitting in front of him.

The words that Northern spoke to him were, undoubtedly, something that he would do.

“This could turn out to be a deal that will destroy and end you or change your entire story and raise you to the richest merchant not just in the Central Plains but the world. All you just need to do is follow my instructions like your life depends on it.”

He gulped and exhaled. He didn’t know yet the extent of what Northern was saying, but for the lad to be talking about being the richest in the world…

Hao wanted to believe it wasn’t just all bluff. There was substance, even more than what he had seen.

‘Fine. I’m going to bet my all on you, kid.’ His eyes shone.

It was an insane idea, but Hao felt like this was going to become the beginning of greatness. Hao had always had a knack for identifying greatness when he saw one, and since the first day he sighted Northern, he had always felt like the kid was something.

But what he was sitting in front of right now was not that kid he had met back in Stelia.

Hao could feel something rising in his gut, almost as if he could smell gold.

He sighed again and expressed disinterest in the rest of his meal.

“I understand your insecurities… you will have to trust me to handle things well with no hiccups.”

“I guess you have been deaf since I was talking earlier. Trust is the one thing that I can not, can definitely not! give you. As for the rest of whatever, you have my consent…”

Hao stared expressionlessly at him for a few seconds.

“You certainly have become arrogant since the last time I saw you. But all that is none of my concern. Since you promise me great wishes, I will do things the way you want. So, what are we doing first?”

Northern extended his hand towards Hao. The senile man glared at Northern with a suspicious look on his face.

“Just hold it.”

Hao hesitantly placed his hand on Northern’s. As he did, he felt his consciousness suddenly

dive deep into a thick, clutching darkness.

And he suddenly could feel himself standing.

Hao almost freaked out; he staggered back.

“What? What did you do? Where are we?” He inquired, looking around.

“We are in my soul domain. I call this place the Void Palace. Only a few knew of it.” Hao’s eyes widened as he took in the structure of the place, the magnificent pillars and high ceiling, the ethereal blue light that reflected on his face.

The throbbing presence of darkness and heart-lifting flow of blue hue.

“Showing you this place is absolutely necessary for you to at least have a vision of what I am talking about when I say you could become the richest merchant. Do not mistake this for an act of trust.”

“Yes. Definitely.” Hao responded with a nod.

“Master. You are here. I came as I felt your presence. But you are not fully here.”

Bairan’s voice resounded as his feet touched the ground. He quickly went to his knees and bowed, greeting Northern.

Hao looked at the face of the man bowing to Northern unrestrained and looked at Northern’s

face.

He didn’t understand what was going on… but he also knew not to ask.

“I came here in a hurry, just to show this dude something. Don’t you have something to do? Why are you always after me?”

“There’s no better thing to do than welcoming my master.”

Northern exhaled; he did not know how to respond to Bairan’s excessive loyalty, so he just walked past, saying to Hao, “Follow me.”

As Hao followed, before moving two steps, the scenery changed.

It scared Hao a bit, making him freeze for a moment with widened eyes.

The Palace they were in had transformed to a mountain terrain with crimson soil. A rhythm of metallic clanging continuously soared into the air, disturbing Hao.

He looked around, trying to figure out where it was coming from, then Northern spoke.

“I have a special and rare ability. Because of this ability, it is possible for me to do some

certain things…”

“Is this why ya have an enormous amount of soul core to sell?”

Northern frowned slightly, “This is not about the soul core, but you can think of it that way.”

“Then…”

“I can cultivate rift resources in this place.”

Hao froze, his expression froze, every muscle in his body froze. Then slowly, as beats passed, his eyes managed to blink, like a door creaking open from a decrepit frame.

“I’m sorry, lad, what exactly do you mean by that? Do you mean that the resources that are

gotten from rifts are also available here?”

Northern looked at Hao with an indifferent expression, then he nodded.

“Yes, something like that…” Northern paused, looking for how to explain this to Hao without

having to spill all his secrets.

He stayed silent for a few seconds, a frown slowly forming on his face as his thoughts

prolonged.

Right now, he couldn’t think of any other way to go about it. And lying was really unnecessary.

‘I have nothing to be careful of really… At least I am getting stronger.’

Northern had always been skeptical because he knew he was an anomaly. Depending on who hears of what he could do, he didn’t want to become a public spectacle and sought by all forms and existence of Supreme power that exist in this continent.

Not when he had not yet fully known who they were.

But right now, there was a need for him to tell Hao, so the trader could understand the scale of

what both of them could achieve together.

That vision was going to be the reason why Hao would choose never to betray him.

He sighed, steeling himself to do what he had never done before.

Hao waited patiently, his eyes lit up a little as Northern raised his head.

“I can absorb rifts… it’s a problem with my soul, but because of this problem, my soul is like a gluttonous coffer that sucks up every rift that I manage to defeat.”

Hao’s mouth fell open. His eyes almost popped out.

Northern continued, “I can absorb the rift resources along with it, monsters that I kill also.

So, I use the soul of those monsters to cultivate the resources here. This here is the kingdom

of red mines.”

Northern gestured to the mountains, pointing his hand.

“Red crystals are cultivated here. I am not entirely sure of all they can do, but one of the

things the red crystals have is healing properties. Eating them can heal your wounds.” Hao slowly moved his hand, closing his mouth. His voice had gone invisible.

“I have several other resources too. But what I am trying to say is, all these resources we will

be sending them out into the world and manufacturing them.” Northern looked at Hao as he concluded, “Yes… that is pretty much it, I guess.”

Hao was still the way he was, his hands over his mouth and eyes widened like they would fall

off any moment.

Northern narrowed his eyes, “Do you have anything to say?”

Hao slowly brought his hands down, feeling the strength leave his body.

“You… you said… richest…?” Hao’s voice was hoarse as he spoke.

“Yes?”

The trader suddenly flared up like an erupting volcano, panting. “RICHEST IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT!!!”
_______________________________________

Chapter 614: Partnership
Hao staggered backward, clutching his chest as though Northern’s words had physically struck him.

His breath came in short, shallow bursts, and for a moment, he felt as if the ground beneath his feet had disappeared entirely.

He turned his gaze back to the crimson terrain surrounding them, his eyes darting wildly between the towering red-crystal mountains.

The metallic clanging reverberating through the air now felt deafening, like the heartbeat of some ancient, omnipotent force.

“No… No. This-this isn’t real,” Hao muttered under his breath, shaking his head furiously. “This can’t be real. A place that grows and cultivates rift resources? Boy, you’re not just talking about trade routes anymore. This… this is something else entirely. This is revolutionary!”

His hand trembled as his voice also did.

“Being the richest is an understatement. With this, we would be revolutionizing the market of the Central Plains; we will be owning it. All we need to do is find a trustworthy alchemist. This won’t be about selling anymore; this will be about reshaping the economy, turning the Central Plains into our market!”

Northern looked at the old man, lingered for a second or two, before saying, “Follow me.”

Hao slowly raised his head and watched Northern walk forward. He got up in haste and followed.

A few steps later, they were already at the close base of the red mountain mine. The incessant clangor of several irons had gotten more audible and was ear-splitting.

But some sort of comfort lay in the fact that Hao’s eyes could now see the source of the sound.

His eyes widened and shook at what he saw.

Monsters. So many of them!

And they were all wielding axes and mining the hill of red crystals beneath them.

Trembling subtly, Hao walked forward a few steps, slowly bent down, and picked up one of the red crystals.

He brought it up close to his face and carefully inspected it.

“This is different. I have never seen anything like this before.”

Northern crossed his arms, his piercing gaze fixed on the trader.

“These resources are only the beginning. This place isn’t limited to the red mines. There are other domains-other regions within this space that cultivate entirely different resources. Resources that the world hasn’t even imagined yet.”

Hao’s head snapped up, his expression a mixture of desperation and greed. “How many?”

Northern smirked. “Enough to create an empire. And more than enough to destroy one.” Hao’s hands trembled as he set the red crystal down and stood up shakily. His lips parted, but no words came out.

He inhaled sharply, pressing his palm against his face as he tried to process everything.

“My whole life… my entire career… I thought I knew the heights of wealth and power,” Hao muttered.

His gaze met Northern’s, a strange gleam of mania in his eyes. “But this? This isn’t just wealth. This is… divinity. One would not just be a trader; this could plunge you into the realm of monarchs!”

Northern’s expression darkened. “Careful, Hao. I don’t have any plans to become a king or anything like that.”

“A king? No! No, no, no! That’s not what I am talking about.”

Northern frowned in confusion. What else means a monarch that is not a monarch? freēwebnovel.com

“In the world of merchants, there are seven powers that are recognized not just within the Central Plains but across all continents. These powers are recognized not because of powers as a drifter but because of the power of their resources. They are called the Monarchs.”

Northern’s frown deepened, his gaze narrowing as he regarded the trembling trader. “Monarchs, you say? Seven powers that govern trade across the continents? Tell me more.” Hao straightened his posture, a flicker of composure returning to his features as he realized the depth of what he was explaining.

“The Monarchs aren’t kings in the traditional sense. They’re something far more influential. They control the flow of resources-the lifeblood of nations. Gold, rare metals, soul essence ores, ancient relics, and even food supplies. Monarchs decide who thrives and who falls.” His voice gained momentum, his earlier doubt and fear fading into excitement. “These Monarchs don’t answer to any kingdom or clans. In fact, some kings and clan leaders are actually monarchs. The popularly known Monarch of Wood is the King of Sassex. Monarchs are not bound by borders. They shape economies, forge alliances, and spark wars, all with a signature or the withholding of a single shipment.”

Northern remained silent, his expression unreadable. He remembered very well that Sassex was very prominent with their strange and living wood.

A resource like that was bound to be revolutionary and tremendously affect the impact of living and civilization.

Northern narrowed his eyes and gestured for Hao to continue.

Hao gestured toward the red crystals.

“With what you’ve discovered here, this could place you-not as a mere competitor-but as a contender for the Eighth Monarch. Do you understand what that means? You wouldn’t just have influence over the Central Plains; you would disrupt the balance of the entire world

economy!”

Northern’s eyes flickered, his tone calm yet tinged with cold amusement.

“And what makes you think I have any interest in joining this game of Monarchs? Wealth, influence, power-it’s always a trap. One false move, and it all crumbles.”

Hao took a cautious step forward, his voice dropping to an almost reverent whisper.

“It’s not just about wealth or power, boy. It’s about freedom. A Monarch doesn’t bow to anyone. Not to any clan leader or King, not even to the rifts that plague this world.

I’m talking about enough

ority and power to own your own territ ies, purchase rifts even, because you have the power of resources-resources that the world has never seen. With this, you could carve your own destiny. Isn’t this what you have always wanted?”

Northern’s gaze darkened, his piercing eyes locking onto Hao’s. “Freedom has always come at

a cost, old man. The question is whether it’s worth the price.”

Hao faltered under Northern’s unyielding stare but quickly recovered, determination blazing

in his expression.

“With what you’ve shown me, the price would be nothing compared to the reward.”

Northern turned away from Hao and stared at the mountain, his mind churning with thoughts he didn’t care to share.

He had not expected things to take a turn like this; he had never even heard about such an existence. It seemed like something only intercontinental traders like Hao would know.

He even knew the identity of one of them, so Northern believed Hao knew what he was saying.

But that did not mean everything from that point would mean ease all the way. Moreover, it’s a system that already existed; just diving into it was a messy and careless thing to do.

Not especially when he has so much to hide already.

The clanging of metal on stone echoed louder, the sound carrying the weight of untapped

potential and dangerous ambition.

“I’m not interested in playing their game,” Northern said finally, his voice cold and resolute. “But that doesn’t mean I won’t create my own.”

Hao blinked, taken aback. “Your own…?”

“Instead of me doing all that, why don’t you become the Monarch instead.”

Northern touched Hao’s shoulder with a smile.

The old trader’s eyes trembled. “Wha-what?”

He had never thought he would hear such a thing in his entire life.

A low-born trader like him, who had worked his ass off to become sufficient and well-known to an extent, becoming a monarch?

Hao had first discovered the Monarchs during his younger years as a trader. They owned and monopolized trade routes; each one of them collected taxes from merchants that used their trade routes. So, one way or another, a prominent trader was bound to know of their existence, while mundane humans did not.

He had never once in his entire life dreamt of becoming a Monarch. It was something inconceivable; it was like how a lowly commoner should never dream of becoming a king.

To Hao, the Monarchs were untouchable titans, beings whose influence and power extended far beyond the grasp of ordinary mortals.

His lips quivered, and his voice came out as a rasping whisper. “You… you’re joking, right? A Monarch? Me? I can’t-”

Northern’s gaze was unwavering, his tone resolute. “You can. And you will.”

Hao shook his head violently, stepping back. “Boy, you don’t understand what you’re saying. The Monarchs… they don’t just rise. They’re born into their power or seize it through impossible means. To even challenge their dominion is to court death. That is not a realm someone like me belongs to… I can’t do it.”

“Don’t be a coward. I’m sure no one deserves this more than you do. I can’t trust you, of course, but if there is anyone rather deserving of an opportunity to sit atop this throne of importance that you speak of, with my resources… it should be you. After all, you are the one spearheading this deal. We will do it with a clear vision of you becoming a Monarch.”

Hao’s mind raced as he tried to grasp the enormity of Northern’s words. “Even if I were to try… what then? The other Monarchs won’t just sit idle. They’ll see me as a

threat. I’ll be crushed before I even begin; everything might be stolen from us… if it was to be you can protect yourself with the power you have… but I am just an old man, Northern.” Northern smirked faintly. “That’s why you have me. You think I’d let something like that happen? No, Hao. I’ll be the power backing you. While you take the fame and everything, I’ll

be needing the rights and privileges to make life easier for myself.”

Northern’s smirk widened.

“So what do you say to this even greater magnitude of partnership?”
_______________________________________

Chapter 615: Elliot Reborn
Northern had not been expecting such a differential upgrade to his goals. What he had only planned for was riches-with the influx of resources that he had in the rift, he would be able to create an endless flow of wealth for himself.

While being in the academy to better his knowledge and grow expeditiously, Hao would be gathering riches for him, continuously.

Eventually, when he comes out into the world, he wanted to have purchased a standard mansion for himself-one with an enormous compound, several land gardens, and stables too.

‘I wonder if they have horses… I’ve never really seen a horse before…’

Most of the contemporary animals that Northern knew from his previous life, he had never seen. Or worse, they were strangely mutated by the adaptation and coexistence of rift monsters from shatterings that somehow were able to escape death.

Northern wanted to have a home to return to. Well, he did have a home, with a father and a mother. But he wanted a house.

A literal house. One with several rooms, that only he would live in.

His lips slowly curled into a satisfied smile as the thoughts brandished his face. Then he averted his eyes for a minute and rested them on the clone before him.

He was about to use the clone ability again. He would put his memory into the clone and make it become a sentient, independent existence.

This time, it won’t be as complicated as when he created Bairan. He just wanted to create someone who would be intelligent enough to learn from Hao and also be of tremendous help to himself in the future.

Hence, Northern chose a certain kind of memory to fill the clone with.

The buried memories of earth, before his death.

It was like bringing himself back but in a dispensable shell. Although, Northern hoped the clone would live long enough to be of actual help.

He thought of using Bairan, but it was too much of a hassle.

Any of the summons were bound to cause a problem. Generally, there would be problems in this endeavor. Northern needed an assistant that would reduce the problems, not add to them. Bairan did not seem like a suitable choice.

After he was done, the clone looked the same, recognized him and spoke the same way he did. They even had the same face and hair, and he was equipped with the Twilight Dawn.

“It’s time I let this armor go… it does hold a lot of memories…”

It reminded Northern of his days as a war general. The way he fought like a maddened monster on the battlefield.

Fighting for his life and mind at the same time, without even realizing it. The damned castle master, Koll.

Remembering all of it again made Northern curse internally and hope that weed of a being was finally dead.

After he was done with the clone, he returned to the surface world to meet Hao.

His head rose from the table as his consciousness resurfaced.

Hao’s eyes were still glittering.

“How did it go? Are the preparations complete?”

“Yes.” Northern looked towards the bartender and asked Hao, “Have you settled the bills?”

“Of course. I did that a few seconds ago.”

“Okay then.” He stood up.

Hao watched Northern stand with a slightly dazed expression on his face.

“What are you doing?”

Confused, Northern responded, “Standing…?”

“What about these?!”

“What about it?”

Hao raised his voice a tad higher.

“You are telling me you will abandon this expansive plateau of delicacies? Just like that? Do you think money for food is that easy to come by?”

Northern’s brows furrowed. “I’ve had something little to eat for breakfast already. I didn’t expect them to bring so much. Don’t bother me.”

He shrugged off and walked away from the table. Hao, by the way, signaled to the waitress that served them.

She approached him, her smile as vibrant as ever.

“Please, can I get something to package all these… hmph, hmph.” Hao spoke and cleared his throat.

“Of course, sir. Definitely.” She bowed her head and left.

Then came back a few minutes later with thick white nylons. She helped Hao carefully pack all the leftovers. The old man glanced away, clearing his throat intermittently as she packed it

for him.

“Here, sir. Thank you for your visit.”

“Ha ha… thank you too. The customer service of this place is top-notch. You know, one has to make sure resources do not waste. Hehee…”

The lady smiled and bowed her head slightly, then she walked away.

Immediately, Hao headed for the door and came out of the building.

Upon coming out, Hao received a scare that made him almost stumble back.

“What? Is that your clone?”

The two Northerns smiled sweetly. Then Northern said to the clone-who could be

distinguished by the armor he was wearing-“Introduce yourself.”

The clone bowed slightly, scratching the back of his head with a shy chuckle.

“My name is Elliot. My master told me to serve you very well.”

Hao examined the clone with an obstinate expression on his wrinkled face. He put his hands

behind his back and cleared his throat.

“Hmph, hmph, he told you that, didn’t he?”

“Yes, he did.”

“That was rhetoric.” Northern input.

“Oh.” The clone, with an innocent expression, exchanged glances between Hao and Northern.

Then he brought his face back to Northern and chuckled awkwardly.

“I’m very sorry, Master Hao. I am sometimes slow-witted. With time, I’ll make sure you like

me.”

Hao felt his judgment of the clone freeze in his throat. With the clone not being able to recognize a rhetoric, he had almost wanted to complain to Northern that it would be of no

use.

But the clone at the same time was able to instantly discern his dissatisfaction with it.

That is not something a doll would be able to do. It allowed Hao to think, perhaps it was not because of its inadequacy that it was unintelligent enough to recognize a rhetoric but its

nature of person.

For some reason, there was a timidness and naivety that attached itself to the clone like a

plague.

He cleared his throat again. “Uhmm, hmph, I’m sure you’ll learn. With my tutelage, you will become the best! I’ve done it again, and I can do it again. Consider yourself lucky… Elliot.”

Elliot raised his head, sparks lighting in his eyes as he heard Hao call his name.

Then he bowed again and chorused, “Yes, sir!”

Northern looked at the two of them. He was satisfied with what he was seeing.

Of course, the nature of person he was, he felt would be a hindrance in shaping the clone’s

personality.

But he had used his former self’s intelligence, hard work mentality, his nerdy mind that made him very willing to stay up multiple nights and study, that made him extra interested in his

field of study.

He would go out of his way to find things out and equip himself with knowledge and technical know-how even when it wasn’t in the school syllabus at the time.

People in the university, of course, hated him because of this. But it was one of the many things that undoubtedly made him the best engineer in his time.

If only he had been a bit wiser, or at least had a social life experience early enough that love

wasn’t worth giving a shit for.

Perhaps he was just an unlucky piece of crap.

But all that did not matter anymore. A very funny thing was, the knowledge of the experience

might have closed his heart, but it wasn’t even a core factor in shaping the person of his

character today.

With all those dreadful experiences in his past life, the dark continent made way and showed him double of what a cruel life could offer.

And the two don’t compare. Such was life: if one was to think he had experienced the most

cruel life one could possibly live, another, even more cruel and vicious one can pop up and

decide to deal with them. Whether it is with sufferings or enjoyment, it is best to just be

humble with it all.

‘Imagine going around boasting that you have seen the worst of life there can be, only for you

to get trapped in a dark continent with no way out.’

Northern scoffed at his own thoughts and shook his head.

Hao left the clone and brought his eyes to Northern.

“You good?”

Northern released a smile, “Never better.” He paused for a brief beat and asked.

“So, where to from here?”

Hao glanced at the clone. He had abandoned the nylon with the clone-Elliot was humbly

standing behind the short trader.

He finally responded to Northern’s question.

“Hmmm. There are a lot of places for me to visit. But I want to go to the banks and do

necessary registrations and licensing to prevent complications in both the near and far future.

After which I will commence fully.”

Hao glanced at Elliot again.

“Are you sure he is all I need to access the goods?”

“I have briefed him on all that he needs to do. Don’t worry and just pass the command.”

Hao grinned in satisfaction. “So what about you? What are you going to do?”

Northern shrugged. “Go to some damn school and teach.”
_______________________________________

Chapter 616: Reconnection
Northern sat down on an exquisite wooden chair and watched as Eisha tenderly folded his clothes into a brown polished box.

Her face was somber, and she had uttered not a single word. He had meant to do it on his own, but she came into his room and took it from him.

Without any word uttered between the two of them, she had been doing it carefully and gently, internally working hard to keep a straight and determined face without breaking into tears.

Sometimes she would sniff, but the stronghold on her face did not break even in those times.

And seeing it happen like this, Northern had no idea what to do or how to react to it.

This caused him to be even more broken.

She finally finished, closed the box, and tapped it with a subtle smack of her lips.

“It’s all done. You are all set.” Her silvery voice ran out coldly for the first time since she came.

Usually, the enforced fineness in her voice should break him, but it didn’t. It was almost getting too hard to understand how she felt, what she wanted from him.

He had no idea what to do in this moment and, for once, wished someone would yell at him.

Eisha finally brought her head up, although slowly. Her quivering golden eyes carefully tore into his.

It looked like she was just managing to look at him wholesomely for the first time since they had returned.

She returned her head back down sorrowfully and held her hands together in front, scratching her nails.

The silence was haunting, so when her voice made it back again, it was like daylight breaking through eons of lightless nights.

“I am sorry.” Her voice shook.

Northern could finally feel something, even though subtle. The shaking of her voice carried a hint of pain that pinched the inside of his chest… his heart… if he had any.

He moved his hands and touched her shoulders gently.

“You shouldn’t be sorry for anything, mother. You are not Rughsbourgh. What happened to me is by no means you or father’s fault. I don’t want anyone to blame themselves for how I have turned out. First of all, I don’t even hate how I have turned out. This is the best version of me, and there’s nothing more I could have wished for…”

His voice went silent as he took a moment to exhale before going on.

“Sure, those experiences were gruesome and could have destroyed the mind of anyone. But do you know that one thing that has kept me going till now was seeing your face, reuniting with my family, and Silver.

“You guys were my motivation and my reason. When everything looked like it was all going to the end, you guys were what gave me the strength of will to pull through. So, I don’t think it’s right to carry guilt in your heart for anything.”

Hearing the words, Eisha’s stronghold could not hold on anymore. It broke, gushing rivers of tears breaking through the already cracked walls.

Her tears rolled down with trembling shoulders. Northern held her and brought her into his warmth as she cried profusely.

His words were like a sword of liberation, breaking off the shackles of guilt and pain that she had been wearing since the day he disappeared.

She continued to cry and at some point sob, and although it was tiring and awkward, Northern stayed there and patted her back, which was even more awkward for him.

He felt like he could do better than pat her back, maybe say something? But what would he say? He had said all that needed to be said already.

‘Please stop crying?’

The suggestion made Northern pity himself even more. How would he tell her to stop crying?

Getting further distracted by his thoughts, Northern decided to shut it all out and just suffer in the moment.

And after a while, she finally piped down. Northern helped her sit down and stood away from her.

Now, it was very awkward deciding to step out. Should he sit down too?

But he had things he wanted to do. He still had to speak to Thalen and Ryan. But was it okay to just walk away…?

Northern sighed simultaneously, his mother’s cracked voice reached his ears.

“There is something I need to tell you. We actually, but on behalf of Shin, I’ll just say it.”

Northern narrowed his eyes. He-sort of-could already guess what she wanted to say.

But he said nothing and instead sat down on the chair next to her, fixing his ethereal blue eyes on her.

Eisha took a few seconds; her breath was gentle but could be heard clearly in the quiet, warm

room.

Rays of the daylight star filtered through the curtains and allowed the predominant colors in the room-red and gold-to dance around and glitter luxuriously.

“Lael.”

Northern felt goosebumps as she called his name. There was a sense of uniqueness he felt whenever she called him Lael.

It was something only she could do, almost like he could feel the attachment of value and importance to the name.

“You are not our legitimate child…” she paused, hesitated, but eventually raised her head to look at Northern’s face.

When she saw that there was no change in his expression, her eyes slowly widened.

“What? You knew already?”

Northern chuckled lightly and pointed to his white hair.

“Here…” he also pointed to his blue eyes, “here too.”

“I think everyone already figured that one out too. Besides, when you look at Silver, isn’t it pretty obvious that father’s gene is quite strong? She’s half Elf, obviously, but still had black hair and red eyes. Damn Kageyama bloodline.”

Her eyes froze for a few seconds, then…

“Oh, oh, right. Will you look at me.” She chuckled, wearing it as a facade on her

embarrassment.

“Well… there’s more to the story than just you being adopted.”

Northern cocked his head slightly. “There’s more to the story?”
_______________________________________

Chapter 617: Ripple Effects
Northern cocked his head slightly. “There’s more to the story?”

“Yes, there is.”

Northern sat upright, straightening his back and watching patiently, giving Eisha time to talk without revealing any anticipating emotion. His features were deadpan.

“There’s a certain event surrounding your birth that we found out later… and buried.”

Northern’s brows furrowed a bit. ‘This is it… it’s a bit foggy because I could not see all that was happening, but it has to do with that strange being that killed everyone…’ Northern was positive about it.

Eisha continued, “You are a royalty. A prince of Reimgard… I know it’s difficult to believe…” Eisha happened to look at Northern as she spoke, with a doleful expression drying up her face.

But her expression froze there and started to shatter. She blinked, with the next words frozen on her tongue.

After a few beats, she asked, her voice shaking, “You knew?”

‘Damn me… I’d fail at acting.’ Northern thought that he would do his best and act surprised.

He had widened his eyes, with no words, and thought he did it well.

‘How did she see through that…’

Northern scratched the back of his head and chuckled.

“Well, I kind of met my birth mother in the dark continent. The empire of Luinngard.”

Eisha felt strength leave her body.

“What?!”

She didn’t even know how or that she had screamed.

A frown creased on her beautiful, thick brows immediately.

“And you didn’t think to tell me that?”

Northern bowed his head in shame. “I’m sorry, I missed the timing. I was thinking of the best time to do so.”

Eisha’s tone rang out with so much tension and authority that Northern’s response came out without being conceived in his thoughts.

It was almost instinctive. The voice of her tone demanded it, and he just naturally gave in to the demand.

That had been how Eisha was in the family. He and Shin, none of them could dare say otherwise when she was pissed.

Even now, nothing about that part had changed. Somehow, it made Northern glad. Some things still remain the same after all.

Eisha sighed, exhaling away the anger.

“I guess it’s fine. I understand it would have been very difficult to tell us about it. You are only sixteen after all.”

She folded her arms and closed her eyes for a few seconds before finally exhaling, and it all dissipated even on her facial expression.

“Alright. So how was she?”

Northern shrugged his head, “She’s fine… she’s beautiful, white hair and blue eyes like mine. She told me that I am the Emperor of Reimgard’s bastard. And people are trying to kill me.”

Eisha’s expression folded darkly.

“She’s right. There were dead people we found in the forest and there was a trace of something, a dark entity, very dangerous. From the traces it left behind on the wound of the corpses, not even Shin and I would have stood a chance. And you might not know it, but I am a Sage.”

Northern smiled. “I didn’t before, but I do now. I can see it.”

Then Northern suddenly squinted his eyes as he realized something, “Wait. Why did it sound like you were boasting just now?”

Eisha shrugged and looked away stylishly, “I wonder why?”

“Mother, it’s wrong to brag.”

“Huh? Coming from you when you walk around literally announcing that you are strong with all that coldness emanating from you. I am an elf, a royal elf. Besides the fact that I have an explicit healing ability because of the nature of my attribute, I have a talent ability that is able to manipulate flames. It’s nothing like those fire-kind abilities you surfacers have. As you know, as one closer to the truth of soul force, the power we wield is undiluted.”

Northern grinned.

“Yeah, sure. But I am strong enough to make your kind lay beneath me with just my gravity finger, and trust me, I’m not even using 0.5 percent of my power when I use a gravity finger.” Eisha watched him with a pleasant look on her face. Then she said,

“I am proud of you. To be able to become a Sage in two years of awakening. It’s impossible, it has never been done. I’m sure, you’ll become more in the future…” fгee𝑤ebɳoveɭ.cm

Her tone now dove low.

“Which is why we also can afford to just stay the same.”

Northern looked at her with a worried expression, “What do you mean?” He asked.

She raised her head as she spoke. “Shin and I are going to go on a journey. He might have not told you, but he is someone that deserves to die a hundred times. But he is the man I have fallen in love with and the father of my two kids. I have a cruel responsibility to suffer his fate. The least we can do is correct his past mistakes, if possible…”

Northern frowned. “To what end? The past is the past. I think that journey is pointless.” He disagreed.

“It’s not pointless. Your father has to pay for his sins one way or the other, which is why we will find everyone he has given a cruel fate and try to make things better one way or the

other.”

Northern shook his head, his displeasure and disappointment evident in his bleak expression. “It’s useless. This is just inviting more trouble to come dine with you…”

Eisha shrugged. “Still, it’s something we must do, whether to make ourselves feel better or to make them feel better. It must be done. And through it, I’m sure your father and I will find

purpose anew.”

Northern understood that there was nothing he could do to stop them.

After all, he was not going to ask everyone to return to the countryside and live the life

they’ve all been living before.

Things had changed, and many things could not go the same way.

The event of the dark continent had caused a massive ripple effect in everyone’s life.

Now, the future was all dependent on that ripple effect.

Northern sighed and opened his mouth, almost hesitating. But he spoke.

“Alright then. If that is what you two would like to do, then I will accept it. Protect yourselves

and be fine. But there’s one last thing I’d like you to do for me.”

Eisha smiled, “I know… you want to know about my origin, don’t you?”

Northern looked at her and nodded his head.

“That’s right.”

“There’s little I know. I was brought to the surface when I was only seven. I’ve lived over a

hundred years since then.”

“A hundred?” Northern was shocked. His mother is over a hundred years old. She’s that old?!

“Don’t freak out in your head. Living over a hundred for an elf like me is nothing out of the ordinary, and I am not old by any means. We are just a species that have really long lifespans. Almost immortal, but we are not immortal.

“I remember little from my home world. But sometimes, I feel like it is just like this place, the terrains, the atmosphere, although the edifices are different, but the air and land, and trees feel just the same. Like a carbon copy of each other.”

“I see…”

“I’m sorry, I’m not of help to you.”

“It’s fine. You were of plenty help.” Northern said with a smile.

Eisha then brought out a wooly cloth, extending it and placing it on Northern’s hand.

“This is the apparel that you were wrapped with as a child.”

She gave him a crimson metallic badge. It had the insignia of what looked like a lion head to

Northern on it.

“I suppose this is what proves your identity as a prince of Reimgard.”

Northern looked at the badge and clenched it tightly in his hands. Then he looked at her with a

warm look in his eyes.

“Thank you, mother.”
_______________________________________

Chapter 618: The Boy
“Are you really sure about this?”

A black-haired boy sat in front of Thalen’s table. On the table was an oval mirror, small but large enough to capture one’s entire face.

The boy glared into the mirror, pulling one strand after another and checking himself out. His black hair cascaded in silken waves with a subtle yet mesmerizing detail-the tips and roots glowed faintly with a bluish hue, like the edges of a midnight flame.

This ethereal tint caught the light, harmonizing perfectly with his piercing blue eyes, which seemed to hold the depth of an endless ocean.

Against the pale backdrop of his skin, the interplay of dark and blue created a striking contrast, as if shadows and light danced in quiet rebellion, radiating an aura that was as haunting as it was captivating.

“Crap, was I always this stunning?” The boy’s hoarse voice echoed in the massive library like cold smoke drifting through the upper air of a colossal hall.

In front of the boy was seated the headmaster of Tharion citadel, his black, lustrous hair evenly groomed back, slick and neat.

Piercing violet eyes glued to the paper in his hands, not sparing a glance of attention to the boy sitting in front of his table, feeling himself completely.

Thalen exhaled. He tugged at the edges of both brows with his thumb and index fingers, rubbing them in a circular motion, then moved his hand to rub the corners of his eyes.

After which, he sighed and dropped the papers on the table and gave the boy in front of him the first look in a while.

“Are you really sure about this?” Thalen asked, gesturing at the paper in his hands.

The boy seated before him curled up a lip. “Why? Is there something wrong?”

“I just can’t understand you. If you’ll be going to the academy, you should be going as a student. After all, you are sixteen. It takes a lot of balls to say you want to be an instructor in the academy.”

“It takes a lot of balls to be a Sage at sixteen.” The boy grinned maniacally.

His grin made Thalen’s head suddenly heavy. He had been going through this serious pain in his head all because of the tasks that this boy had been asking him.

“Well, the academy will not give you the position of an instructor.”

The boy’s brows curved into a gloomy scowl. “What?”

“Yes. Like I said, it is difficult. However, they are willing to give you an interim instructor position. With your rank as a Sage, you’ve earned the right. But they demand that you drop by for an interview.”

“An interview? What the hell is it with that strictness.”

“Well, they are the only one of their kind that exists, so of course they are strict with their rules. Besides, becoming an interim instructor, you’d still get paid and be able to do the things you want to do as an instructor. Interim just signifies that your position is temporary until you’ve proven yourself worthy of a permanent place in the academy.”

The boy leaned back into his chair and gently tapped his hands on the armrest, creating a progressing rhythm that made Thalen frown lightly.

“Will you stop that?”

“So let’s say I was to fly to the academy and get rejected, I’ll have to come back?” Northern leaned forward. “I’ll burn the whole place down before coming back.” His tone dripped with viciousness.

Despite the cold and oppressing air that the boy exuded, Thalen’s demeanor was unchanged, unaffected.

He stared indifferently into the boy’s blue eyes and said evenly.

“I doubt the academy would let someone like you go. They will, one way or another, make sure you enter.”

“Because I’m a Sage at sixteen?”

“You are the only one of your kind to ever exist.”

The boy looked down for a moment, a small frown tugging at the edges of his brows.

‘I don’t understand why everyone is making a fuss about this. I aim to be a Paragon by eighteen, I wonder how they will be. And by twenty, I hope I can reach the pinnacle. So, the rest of my life would be with ease.’

The boy sighed with relief and shifted his gaze back to Thalen.

“Well, that is fair. Thanks for your help. And what about the other thing?”

Thalen, from the papers strewn across the table, picked out a white envelope and tore it open.

He brought out a silver card that was in it and read the name on it out loud.

“Lael, Artemis Rian. What’s the inspiration behind this new name?”

Northern arched a brow in cold hostility. “Since when did you start to care about other people’s business?”

“Since that other people was capable of crossing over two ranks in six days. So your first name

is Lael, middle name, Artemis, and last name, Rian. That’s quite a unique combination. It makes you feel like a foreigner.”

“How so?” Northern inquired with a sharp focus pinning in on Thalen.

“Most names in the Central Plains have an origin and ties to history; the letters are not haphazardly used. Only a foreigner will bear a name starting with R. If a citizen of the Central Plains were to, they could be killed for it because it belongs to the Empire.”

Northern grimaced. “That makes no sense. Ryan is R and he is definitely from the Central Plains.”

Thalen was silent for a few seconds, his lips tightly shut.

His sudden silence made Northern suspicious. Northern narrowed his eyes.

“Spill it. What do you know?”

Thalen sighed helplessly. He still lingered for a few beats of the heart before speaking.

“Ryan… I looked into his family. They are foreigners.”

Northern’s gaze became sharp. “Foreigners?”

“Yes. They moved to the Central Plains about a hundred years ago. They are the renowned Chalice of the Cold Flame.”

Northern squinted his entire face. “What is that?”

“It’s their legacy. His family has a deep-rooted legacy found in their talent. The legacy was founded by the first patriarch of his family and was named Chalice of the Cold Flame. Ever since his era, every other patriarch has upheld this legacy. Until a certain branch couldn’t, because of it they were banished from the family and migrated to the Central Plains about a hundred years ago.”

“I’m not quite understanding… What legacy is the Chalice of Cold Flame supposed to be?” “I’m not quite sure too. This is the closest anyone has been to finding out about them. Only they hold the secret to crossing the ocean, and the Empire is in constant communication with them. Many people think they are one of the major reasons why the Empire has been able to amass enormous riches across the continents.”

Northern’s eyes went out of focus for a while. He was silent, his lips slightly opened.

‘Ah, now that I think about it… he made a weird statement while we were in the rift. What was

it again?’

Northern lingered for a bit before the words surfaced in his mind.

‘I am not a son of ice, I am a son of cold flame…’

Northern’s lips curled into a cunning smile as his cold voice crawled out.

“It seems there is more to this boy than meets the eye.”

*

*

*

*

[Author’s Note]

Hello everyone, it’s been a while. This is the start of a new arc, The academy arc and things

would be taking an interesting route from here.

Thank you guys for your support through it all, I’m lucky to have guys that have come this far. And I hope one day, this book gets the recognition you all think it deserves.

Just keep voting your power stones, golden tickets and spend those coins, heheee… it helps

motivates me as a author. It’s my joy and gratification to realize that there are people that

love my book so much to spend on it.

Now, for the main reason I am here.

Do you guys think we should change Northern’s name in this new arc, of course, everyone would come to know him with a new name in the academy but what about us?

We’ve gotten pretty used to Northern already, haven’t we?
_______________________________________

Chapter 619:
Northern thought more about Ryan, and about the fact that they seemed to share the same

name.

However, the pronunciation was very different. Northern’s name, his mother had pronounced as R-e-a-n.

Ryan’s name was pronounced R-a-ya-n.

If the empire let them freely use the name despite having claimed an exclusive right on the use of a certain letter, then it must mean the Johnson family was a big deal.

Which left Northern with a bugging question.

‘Why did he refuse to go back home?’

Northern spent a few minutes on that thought alone, his mind running through all possible vindications for his refusal to go back home.

He was strong, had gotten stronger than five percent of people in the dark continent. If he returned home, he would be the heart and joy of his family. And he was still refusing. ‘Or did he not know this? Is he the kind that is unaware of how strong he has become?’ Northern squinted his eyes for a minute and shook his head. ‘Nah, he definitely knows.’

Ryan’s actions and words sometimes had been too daring for someone who has no idea what strength he possessed.

He even threatened to kill Northern when they arrived at the governor’s estate in Arcadia just because of Northern’s oppressing bloodlust.

Northern left his thoughts for another time as he finally reached in front of the said person’s door. He knocked twice and waited.

After a few seconds, he was about to knock again when the door slowly drifted open.

Ryan showed his face from the narrow opening, his eyes droopy and dark.

Northern’s eyes widened unbelievably.

“What? You are sleeping?”

“Yes. What do you want?” Drowsily, Ryan asked.

“I will be leaving for the academy soon. I wanted to talk to you.”

Ryan stayed a few minutes, deep in thought. Then he looked at Northern, his head slightly tilted.

“I don’t think there’s anything for us to talk about though?”

“I want to open to you. Open the goddamn door, dickhead.” “Goodbye.”

Ryan slammed the door and turned away, immediately falling back on his plush, master bed.

Northern stood there, dazed at the fact that that crappy son of cold flame actually slammed the door on him.

He sighed and curved a corner of his lips whimsically. Then he slowly dissolved into his shadows and manifested from the corner of Ryan’s bed that he had caught a glance of.

Immediately his presence fully formed, Ryan jumped up from the bed, an ice cone instantly weaving into the air.

He saw Northern, frowned, and shot the ice cone at him. But Northern caught it with bare hands and shattered it into ice speckles.

Ryan scowled.

“What are you doing? How did you get in here?”

He had asked the question before realizing it was a useless question, so he followed it up with…

“Get out.”

Northern folded his hands and beamed. “Make me.”

Ryan jumped onto him, but he instantly dissolved into the shadow of Ryan’s bed and came out of the shadow of the chair that was opposite the bed.

Ryan instantly swung his head with a deep red scowl on his face.

Northern extended a hand. “Wait. I didn’t come here to fight you.”

“Then leave!”

“After you tell me why exactly you are refusing to go home despite being this strong. What exactly are you scared of?”

“That is none of your business. Go to your goddamn school and let me sleep.”

“Will you look at this dickhead, when did you get so good at using those kinds of words. You should watch your company.” Northern grinned.

“Anyways, what is your plan. If you won’t tell me your family problems, at least let me know as your elder brother what your plan is.”

Ryan’s nose wrinkled in disgust.

“Oii, what is that annoying look on your face for?”

“I heard you’re only sixteen. I am eighteen, I should be the elder brother here.”

Northern’s face became dark. “You dare…”

Ryan flashed a nasty smile, unbefitting of what had been known of his demeanor so far.

The thought of hitting Northern right where it stings pleased him more than he thought it

would.

Northern gritted his teeth and scratched his black tresses.

“Never mind. It’s my fault for caring deeply about a brat like you. Just make sure you don’t get yourself killed before I come back.”

He turned away and headed to the door. He was about to open the door but stopped as Ryan’s voice came out.

“…before you come back… I will… be stronger… stronger than you are.”

Northern grinned and turned his head back.

“I look forward to the rivalry, but right now, you are not worth my attention. Come talk to me when you become a Paragon for a start.”

“Dickhead.” Ryan spat with a grimace.

“Like I said, you should really watch your company.” Northern opened the door and went out.

“Come back and close the damn door, you dickhead!!”

Northern shook his head with a smile as the echo of Ryan’s yell reached his ears.

“Damn, he sure is a fast learner.”

Northern from there went to meet his father, with whom he discussed a lot of things, including a residual of which he had discussed with his mother.

She had informed him about what they talked about, so there was little Shin had to do or say.

Hence the goodbye was short, with Northern leaving his father a single note of advice this

time.

“Protect Mother and Silver… Even if it costs your life. If they die or anything happens to them, I will be the one to personally kill you.”

The look on Northern’s face and the vicious cold bloodlust that made spit dry in Shin’s throat did not make him think his son was saying something he wouldn’t be able to do.

As far as being stern went, he could see it all in Northern’s eyes in that moment.

Everyone stepped out and escorted Northern to South Drywall’s warp gate.

From South Drywall, he would warp to Verulania, which was the kingdom he was initially

from. Verulania airport will take him directly to the academy.

After which he will confront the next chapter of his fate.
_______________________________________

Chapter 620: The Crimson Shadow
Northern stood on the cabin of the airship, his hands behind his back and eyes fixated on the flowing clouds.

It was not a coincidence that he was on the same ship he had boarded two years ago to the academy.

He could recognize the same crew from that time. Some parts of the ship seemed to have been changed; the metallic bow in front was slowly losing its luster.

A few other changes had been made. The wood on the right side had been changed, which insinuated that the ship probably got in a crash that gave it a costly injury. fɾeewebnoveℓ.co๓

Northern did not care about all of that. He decided to ride this ship to deliberately remind himself of the pain that he had to go through in the dark continent.

A pain that all began with this ship landing in the academy. He didn’t even get to spend the first night; he didn’t get to take a tour around and see how things were in the academy.

‘Damn Rughsbourgh… by the time you come out of your solitary training, I will be right there waiting for you.’ A maniacal grin darkly adorned Northern’s face.

He held the rim of the cabin and leaned on it, the grin only widening as the ship went.

He was filled with so many evil thoughts for Rughsbourgh that a dark atmosphere loomed around him.

Anyone that almost approached where he was standing felt a chill and shivered. For some reason, that area was colder than the rest. It felt like there was something of primal evil there and made them quickly retreat.

After a couple of hours of traveling through the air, Northern watched as the walls rose from beyond the clouds.

His mental image of it had gotten very blurry. The academy walls.

Now that he was looking at it again, he could see how enormous the academy’s walls truly were. It was blasphemy to compare it to that of Luinngard.

The force of flood that Raven had used to destroy Luinngard walls would definitely not have worked with the academy’s walls.

They could already see its high walls before even approaching the Sanctuary of the Crimson Shadow-the island on which the academy was nestled.

Northern, with laser focus, observed as the ship slowly approached the crimson shadows that filled the depth instead of vast waters.

Now that things were different, he was sure he would be able to figure out what they were.

Slowly the ship glided through the sky. Northern was at the ready, his Chaos Eyes dividing into two on each side.

All four blue eyeballs stayed closely with each other to peer into the essence of this wonder.

‘What could it be…’ Northern anxiously thought as the ship got closer and finally flew directly on the red cloud.

Northern stared down, carefully observing the crimson shadows from a perception that superseded common reality.

The air grew dense, stifling, as if the world itself recoiled from the presence of the crimson clouds below.

Emerging from the suffocating shadows was a grotesque tapestry of crimson eyes, countless and unblinking, suspended in a chaotic mass of writhing blackness.

Northern immediately frowned at what he saw.

Each eye shimmered with a malevolent glow, their scarlet irises pulsing like dying stars, exuding an eldritch hunger that gnawed at the soul.

They watched with an intensity that defied understanding, a thousand predatory gazes piercing through reality, endearing to seep into the cracks of his mind.

The only boon to it was that Northern did not find it difficult resisting their attempts. It was now that he tasted the great benefit of the mental fortitude that Chaos Flame gave him.

The air quivered with their silent scrutiny, heavy with a primordial dread that clawed at reason. The pupils, abyssal pits ringed in fiery hues, seemed to devour the surrounding darkness, drawing it inward like a vortex of despair.

Around them, the world distorted into grotesque silhouettes. The surrounding air and cloud seemed to malform into clawed appendages that reached toward the blood-red luminance. Even the few earth that were scattered around and the distant wall of the academy appeared scorched, smoldering in hues of molten orange, reflecting the searing wrath of the infernal eyes.

Shadows writhed unnaturally, as if sentient, fleeing from the overwhelming light yet tethered to its baleful presence.

There was no rhythm to their blinking-some opened wide, exposing the infinite depth of their malice, while others narrowed, cruel and calculating.

They whispered a silence more chilling than sound, a language of terror that promised ruin to all who dared linger in their gaze.

Northern felt his pores rise; his entire body froze in place. What he was looking at, he had never in his life seen. And he couldn’t even find an explanation for it.

It was not the eyes themselves that struck fear into his heart, but what lay behind them.

Northern’s danger sense was peaked as Eyes of intent had merged with Chaos Eyes, and he could sense something beyond that depth.

Something that was being sealed by the crimson shadow, something vast, ancient, and unspeakable, pressing against the thin veil of reality.

A force of hunger that had forced open eyes through the shadows that should be blocking it from seeing reality and was now watching through those countless eyes and waiting.

A couple of the crimson irises shifted over, directly gazing at him. Immediately, Northern staggered back, falling on the cabin of the ship, heavily panting and wishing whatever that thing was didn’t see him.

“Boy, are you okay?” One of the crews asked.

But Northern sat there on the ground and said nothing. He just stared into the ground.

‘What is that? Is that what they call one of the nine wonders of the world? More like one of the nine calamities… even its gaze alone seemed more powerful than the entirety of the Belial that I fought.’

His thoughts subsided for a few heavy breaths, then he closed his eyes in irritation and slowly

got up.

‘To think, I was starting to get pompous that I am strong. I don’t see myself defeating that thing with all the power I have right now. Even if I was to team with all my summons and Dante and the Emperor of Luinngard, I don’t think it’s still possible.’

With a tight frown, Northern headed into the ship.

‘Damn, I need to sleep.’