Chapter 531: Disgusting Disappointment
The cloaked man roared in frustration and swung once more, this time faster, his blade leaving a blur of silver in its wake as it came down.

Northern met the attack with his Dark Mortal Blade, their swords clashing in a violent burst of sparks.

The force of the impact sent shockwaves rippling through the air, and for a brief moment, the two warriors were locked in place, their blades grinding against one another.

The man gritted his teeth, his maroon eyes burning with rage. “Stop dodging, damn you!” he spat, pushing against Northern’s blade with all his might.

Northern’s eyes, however, were calm.

He tilted his head slightly, studying the man’s face-his posture, his tension.

It was clear that the man was relying on sheer brute force now, trying to overpower him.

But power alone would never be enough.

Northern then raised a brow in confusion, pausing to ask the man.

“I don’t understand. Why are you not using your talent?”

He looked at all of them, “Why did you all not use your talents?”

It was almost like they all relied on sheer power. And he was very sure they were drifters too.

If so, why were they not using their powers? Northern was very confused.

The man frowned very darkly and rushed forward again, meeting Northern in a lock of blades.

Northern met his furious gaze with a cold and calculating one, raising his head slightly as he observed the man’s expression.

Then he concluded.

“It seems you won’t use your talent ability no matter what. It’s so sad that this will come to a quick end.”

With a sudden shift of weight, Northern released the pressure, letting the man’s own force carry him forward.

The cloaked man stumbled, his balance momentarily thrown off, and in that split second, Northern struck.

He didn’t aim for a killing blow, not yet.

Instead, he allowed the flat of his blade to slam into the man’s ribs, sending him skidding across the blood-soaked deck.

The man gasped, coughing as he scrambled to his feet, pain flashing across his features.

Yet, he stood again, his grip tightening around his sword. “Bastard,” he hissed through clenched teeth.

Northern’s voice remained cold and indifferent. “You’re too predictable.”

That single sentence ignited something fierce in the man. He lunged again, his movements wild now, less refined.

Northern sighed inwardly. This was always the problem-rage made opponents sloppy. It clouded their judgment, made them easy to read.

‘This is so disappointing; how can fighting monsters be more interesting than fighting humans?’

The cloaked man’s greatsword came crashing down, but Northern stepped forward this time, slipping into the man’s guard with fluid precision.

He sidestepped and thrust his fist into the man’s jaw, sending him staggering back, dazed.

Northern followed up immediately, his footwork a blur of speed, and swung Dark Mortal in a wide arc.

The cloaked man barely managed to raise his sword to block, but the force of the blow sent him reeling.

Northern pressed forward, his strikes relentless yet flowing without pattern.

One moment, his sword was aimed at the man’s chest, the next, it was sweeping toward his legs, forcing the man to stay on the defensive, his movements increasingly desperate.

With each clash, Northern felt it-the combat style he was beginning to craft.

It had no fixed form, no set rhythm.

It was like the wind, like the chaos that swirled within him.

There was beauty in that unpredictability, in the formlessness.

A combat style that would never be bound by techniques passed down through generations like these heritages.

No, his style would be something entirely his own!

The cloaked man, blood dripping from his mouth, finally managed to create some distance between them, panting heavily.

His eyes darted around, searching for an opening, but Northern gave him none.

“This is… impossible…” the man wheezed, his voice shaky. “How can someone like you- ”

Northern cut him off, his tone almost bored. “Someone like me?”

He tilted his head slightly, his cold gaze locking onto the man’s.

“I already told you, didn’t I? You were unlucky enough to cross paths with me. Besides, I don’t understand why you won’t just use your talent and make this easier for yourself. I thought fighting a human would be so rewarding really.”

His voice went low in disappointment, “Instead, it’s been a disgusting disappointment.”

The man roared again, the silver blade flashing one last time as he made his final, desperate

charge.

But Northern was ready.

His form seemed to blur as he moved, his footwork weaving between the man’s frantic

attacks.

With a graceful twist, Northern sidestepped the final swing and brought Dark Mortal Blade down in a brutal, decisive strike.

The blade cut deep into the man’s chest, cleaving through muscle and bone.

Blood sprayed across the deck, painting the air red as the man let out a choked gasp.

His eyes widened in disbelief as he stared at Northern, his mouth opening and closing, but no

words came.

Northern stepped back, pulling his blade free, and watched as the man collapsed to the ground, blood pooling beneath him.

The wind howled around them, the ship creaking ominously beneath the weight of the battle’s aftermath.

For a moment, Northern stood there, staring down at the broken body of his opponent, his

mind quiet.

Northern then swept his eyes across the entire deck, and as he did, his eyes slowly expanded.

Because all the bodies he had just dealt with were totally gone, leaving only the cloaked

man’s.

‘What happened?’ His mind wondered.

Then his eyes narrowed as Chaos Eyes revealed themselves, something was birthed before his

vision.

It made him pale with irritation.

The ligatures that were supposed to weave the man’s body, even the blood, all of it was

nonexistent.

He looked down at the man’s body, the pupils in his expanded eyes trembling.

‘Have I been fighting an illusion all the while?’

No, it wasn’t an illusion. It couldn’t have been. It was too perfect to be an illusion.

Then were they clones?

Northern grimaced, ‘All this blood… it’s too real, more like an illusion but at the same time it’s not an illusion… if it’s cloning then it’s a very interesting kind of cloning.’

His eyes contorted with intense lust, “I want it!”

Finally, he watched as the cloaked man’s body dissolved into ashes and flowed into the air, his

eyes slowly watching as the ashes went.

Then he called out, “Black Mamba.”

As if he had been waiting all along, Black Mamba appeared instantaneously, kneeling before

Northern.

“Follow it. Do not engage and do not be detected,” Northern commanded.

Black Mamba immediately scurried away like a snake.
_______________________________________

Chapter 532: The Strongest Drifter
Back on the soul vessel, immediately after Northern had maneuvered his way into the other airship and drifted unnaturally away, the number of drifters attacking them had reduced drastically.

The already present ones were easily dealt with, and everything seemed to have calmed down.

The sailors and drifters who were not wounded were tending to the wounded ones. Three drifters who happened to be healers were helping to take care of the sailors’ first aid and moving on to the next as quickly as they could.

Alystren stared at the disaster with a distraught face. Shin was also beside him, glancing around with no particular emotion.

After a while, he said:

“Who are they?”

Alystren looked away, turning to the back of the ship. The soul vessel had taken heavy damage. Black smoke was enormously oozing from its rear, and its flying speed had decreased by half.

However, it was still going regardless.

Alystren sighed and looked back at Shin, “Aren’t you worried about your son? He went and took off on his own. What is with kids these days.” He commented, holding his head with one hand.

Shin smiled softly, “My son will be fine. You should see if your attention is needed around.”

Alystren nodded vibrantly–both of them deciding to make obvious what had just happened -before he walked away.

Shin stood towards the rail of the ship, looking back as he worried a little about Northern.

Then Ryan joined him, yawning tiredly.

“I’m glad you are safe. Your help would have gone a long way,” Shin said, glancing around at the casualties and then back to Ryan.

Ryan was silent for a moment, then he answered, his expression ever indifferent.

“If I had helped, I’d have needed to use my talent. And my talent would deal more damage to the ship than had already been done. Besides, that guy was here. I didn’t think there’d be a need for me to join.”

He said all of this with a straight and indifferent expression on his face.

“That guy?”

“Northern.”

Shin looked down and lingered for a bit before his voice rolled out again, “If you are that confident, then Northern must be strong.”

Ryan’s expression folded sternly as he turned to look at Shin straight in the eyes.

“I watched him fight a Paragon for a bit. I happened to be nearby, waiting for lady Raven. I

had taken shelter somewhere outside. The wall broke, so it was quite easy to see, and with the scope of damage of the fight, there was no one focusing that wouldn’t have seen.”

His voice settled for a bit before coming again.

“It made me realize one thing.” He looked away from Shin.

“Northern is the strongest drifter that I have ever known. Which is why I am here…”

Shin was for a moment lost in thought about all Ryan had been saying, then blinked, bringing himself back.

“Why you are here?”

Ryan looked at him and moved away from the rail, going back inside to probably continue his sleep.

Of course, typical Ryan.

It was a miracle that he had spoken this much, and this was probably the most Shin had heard him say.

At some point, Shin wasn’t sure if he knew what Ryan sounded like.

A couple of minutes later, Shin saw something pierce the clouds from behind.

It was the bow of another ship, evilly dark, in contrast to the soul vessel they were on.

Shin’s eyes narrowed as the dark bow of the approaching ship pierced through the clouds, its jagged form cutting an ominous silhouette against the gray sky.

The very sight of it sent a chill down his spine.

The vessel was unlike any he had seen before-its hull appeared to be made of dark metal, almost black, with eerie crimson lights flickering from within its crevices.

It looked like something forged in the deepest pits of darkness.

He stepped back from the rail, his hand instinctively going to the hilt of his sword. “What in the world is that?” he muttered beneath his breath.

This was a mother vessel to the airship that had dropped the hijackers from earlier and even theirs.

Whatever this was, coming their way, wasn’t friendly, and the soul vessel was already damaged and slow.

Alystren returned to the deck just then, his face still etched with concern.

“What is it?” he asked, following Shin’s gaze.

“Another ship,” Shin answered quietly, his voice tense. “And it doesn’t look like they’re here to help.”

Alystren squinted, trying to make out the details of the dark vessel through the swirling mist. His heart sank when he noticed the red lights flickering along its hull-like veins pulsing with malice. “Damn it! Them again!!”

Shin glanced at Alystren for a moment. Now more than ever before, he was sure that the old joker knew what was going on. He just did not want to say.

There were so many mysteries around him, and Shin was curious. He didn’t feel the need to indulge it.

After all, this would be over for him, his son, and Ryan once they stepped foot on Arcadia.

He just needed to manage until they got to Arcadia.

Alystren’s mind raced. The soul vessel was already in critical condition from the previous attack; it could barely keep itself in the air, let alone withstand another assault.

The sailors were tending to the wounded, and most of the drifters capable of fighting were already exhausted.

If this ship brought more enemies…

“We need to prepare,” Shin said, turning to Alystren, his voice urgent.

“Get the drifters ready, those who can still fight. We can’t let them take us by surprise.”

Alystren nodded, snapping out of his daze.

“Right. I’ll gather the others.”

As Alystren hurried off to rally the remaining drifters, Shin remained by the rail, watching the dark ship draw closer. His hand tightened on his sword hilt.

Where was Northern?

He knew Northern was strong and he shouldn’t be worried right now-Ryan’s words had confirmed it—but the thought of him being alone, possibly facing something even more dangerous than the last group of hijackers, still gnawed at him regardless.

The dark ship was closer now, its shadow looming over them like a predator circling its prey. The ship slowed as it neared, coming to a silent stop within a very close distance.

Then a platform unfolded from the ship and fell onto theirs.

A single figure walked out of the ship, marching on the platform and drawing towards them.

When Shin saw the figure, he tilted his head in shock.

“Northern?”
_______________________________________

Chapter 533: The Object Of Fear
Northern stepped down from the ship with a slightly disheveled expression.

“What’s with the welcome?”

Everyone had their weapons raised in some form or another. Despite the exhaustion evident on their faces—and the injuries many bore-they still carried determined gazes, ready to see this through to the very end.

As inspiring as it was to look at them, it was also quite pitiful.

“How long until this ship gives up and crashes?” Northern asked, ignoring everything else. “We’re barely holding it together,” one of the sailors standing around answered carelessly. The others glanced at him, causing the clueless fellow to shrug indifferently.

“It’s broken at the bottom, but I’m sure it’s durable enough to get us to Arcadia,” the sailor continued. He glanced around and stopped when his eyes landed on Alystren. Then he moved out of the way.

Immediately, the other sailors yelled:

“What are you waiting for?! Go! Go! Go to the angry-looking ship!” one of them shouted.

Shin approached Northern. He was silent for a few seconds before finally asking, his voice soft, “Are you okay?”

“I’m fine…”

At that moment, Alystren joined them, trying to hide the shock of the situation behind his weary expression. He sighed.

“You, this kid-wandering off on your own and coming back with a ship. I’m surprised a kid like you can handle a monster like that. When did you learn how to sail ships?”

Northern raised a brow.

‘That’s true…’

He hadn’t even realized until now that he had sailed two ships without ever taking a sailor’s course. But as the thought settled, so did the answer.

When Northern became the lord of the Tower, an enormous amount of knowledge had poured into him. Sailing was part of that knowledge. If Northern chose to pursue the path of a sailor, he would undoubtedly be the most skilled and prominent sailor in all of the Central Plains.

But he had better things to do than that. Such as saving a mother, killing a Rughsbourgh, and tricking a couple of shameless, underhanded entities.

Now, those tasks might sound simple and straightforward, but they were the most unsimple and unstraightforward things Northern had ever faced.

He looked back at Alystren, his eyes cold and unblinking.

“I don’t know. Once I placed my hand on the wheel, everything just fell into place. Besides, it wasn’t like I needed to start the engine or anything; everything was already working.”

Alystren glanced down for a moment, his eyes briefly narrowing before looking back up.

“I guess that makes sense. Were you able to find anything?”

Northern met his gaze, his expression devoid of any emotion, but deep within his eyes, there was a keen awareness of what Alystren was trying to do.

The man pressed on when Northern didn’t immediately reply.

“What kind of foes did you face? Did they reveal any information or say anything? Did you -check the ship?”

Northern finally blinked and responded in an indifferent tone.

“Why would they reveal anything to me? I don’t care about them or their objectives. I only needed to get to Arcadia without hindrance. That’s why I fought. Don’t get it twisted.”

He gave Alystren a dirty look and walked past him.

At that point, Alystren clenched his fists tight, squeezing even harder as Northern passed him. Northern, hearing the micro-sound of the man’s tightening fists, scoffed inwardly.

He didn’t intend to inflame the old fool-he had simply spoken the truth. But if Alystren was offended by it, Northern didn’t care.

‘He can come take a swing at me and see how bitterly it ends for him.’

Northern confidently strode into the cabin. He came out a couple of minutes later with Ryan, and both of them crossed over to the other ship.

By that time, the passenger transfer was almost complete. Alystren stood by the rail of the old ship, lost in thought.

When the evacuation was done, Shin tapped him on the shoulder to get his attention, and together, they crossed to the dark vessel.

The crew left the dark airship, watching as the once magnificent soul vessel rested within the clouds, lonely and abandoned.

The crew were shocked as they stepped onto the ship and saw the pool of blood that still stained parts of the deck.

Their footsteps echoed unnervingly loud against the silent, empty ship as they moved hesitantly.

The air felt thick, heavy with the residue of violence that had clearly unfolded here.

But despite the visible remnants of battle-the splintered wood, the deep gashes carved into the deck, and the unmistakable pools of blood-there were no bodies to be found.

The passengers exchanged uneasy glances, their murmurs growing louder as they moved around, trying to find places to hang around.

“Where are the bodies?”

“There’s so much blood… but no one’s here.”

“It’s like they just vanished…”

Confusion and dismay rippled through the group as they spread out, each one trying to make sense of the mess.

Some of the sailors knelt down, tentatively touching the dark stains on the deck as if to confirm it was real.

One sailor, with a deep frown etched on his face, dipped his fingers into one of the thicker puddles and rubbed them together, his brow furrowing as the thick, sticky texture of blood clung to his skin.

“Looks fresh,” he muttered to himself, though it was loud enough for those nearby to hear. His words only deepened the collective confusion.

A woman covered her mouth, her eyes wide as she took in the scene.

“How could this much blood be spilled, and there be no sign of the bodies? Where did they

go?”

Another passenger, an older man with silver hair and a limp, shook his head in disbelief glancing briefly at Northern.

“What exactly did he do here?” someone whispered, their tone accusatory.

One of the healers, who had been tending to the wounded drifters earlier, crossed her arms

and nodded toward the streaks of blood smeared across the walls.

“This much blood… no ordinary man could have done this.”

The murmurs grew louder.

“Did he slaughter them all? Did he just… wipe them out?”

“It looks like no one even stood a chance…”

“Monstrous, really.”

“But where are the bodies?”

The same question kept echoing through the group, as though their minds couldn’t move past

that one grisly detail.

No one dared speak it aloud, but the thought was there, hanging in the air like a specter:

What kind of person leaves this much destruction without a trace of the dead?

Even the sailors, usually hardened by the rough nature of their work, looked uneasy.

Alystren, who had crossed over with Shin, stood silently at the back, observing the reactions

of the passengers.

His own expression was tight, the faint crease of concern deepening across his forehead. He didn’t voice it, but the scene before him disturbed him as much as anyone else.

What exactly had Northern done here? Thalen had told him to be wary of the white-haired boy but in the end, it was only a sixteen-year-old kid.

He didn’t think he’d need to be so worried, but this… this proved him wrong! This carnage was on a scale even he had never anticipated.

“They’re scared,” Shin noted quietly, glancing at the passengers. “They don’t say it outright, but you can see it in their eyes. They’re starting to wonder… about him.” Alystren’s lips pressed into a thin line. “They’re wondering if Northern is a danger to them,

too.”

Shin nodded, his face thoughtful. “It’s only natural. They’ve seen the aftermath of something brutal and have no answers.”

Alystren’s gaze followed Northern’s figure in the distance as he moved about the dark ship.

The young drifter was impassive, seemingly unaware- or perhaps unconcerned-by the murmurs and the unease spreading among the crew and passengers.

Alystren scoffed downward, “Hell, how have you been surviving so far. Even I am not sure what to think about him. I feel as much as they do. I can’t help but wonder if he is a danger to

me too?”

Shin shrugged, a small sigh escaping his lips.

“I am still getting used to this too.”

Northern, standing in a dark corner of the ship, leaned against its wall, and glanced around at

everyone.

He didn’t really care what they thought.

‘What? Did they expect me to mop the blood and bring the ship to them? Foolish humans’

He suddenly felt tired of it all. Humans were going to be humans after all. They easily forgot their ship was just about to crash and this young man came with a solution.

Now, the focus of all the crew seemed to be whether or not he killed all of them ruthlessly.

They feared him, their eyes trembled and many averted their gazes from him. It didn’t make Northern sad; in fact, he was still indifferent regardless of how they felt. Although at some point he wondered if he should kill them all?

But it’d be a hassle, unlike those hijackers, these ones are drifters and will actually use their

talents.

It could have been a great avenue to copy talents but Northern did not have so many

fragments.

Moreover, he wasn’t going to rush into talent copying this time. Instead, he was going to

create a style for himself and build a path.

Something encompassing, at the same time, carrying only his essence.

He was not sure about how to go with it. But he kept thinking about it and other things as the

ship flew towards Arcadia. Someway, distracting himself from the thought of killing everyone on the airship.
_______________________________________

Chapter 534: The City Of Arcadia
Northern leaned with his hands on the rails of the ship, staring into the distant clouds with squinted eyes.

After a while, the mutterings died down, but the gazes didn’t stop. One way or another, they looked at him.

Some wore heavy curiosity tugging at their expressions, while others bore crude and naked fear. Some were even so fearful that their legs seemed to sink into an imaginary ground as they walked around him.

But he paid no heed to them, instead enjoying the gentle breeze that caressed his cheeks.

After half an hour, the clouds began to part, and Northern could see something in the distance. At first, it was faint, but the landscape was marked by white and brown.

As the airship drew closer, the sky seemed to transition from a celestial white to a cerulean blue, with smaller clusters of clouds dotting the horizon.

From above, the city of Arcadia slowly came into view.

Arcadia was a harmonious blend of modern and traditional ingenuity, a delicate masterpiece that effortlessly spread out beneath the cerulean sky.

The streets, paved with timeworn stone, wove between timber-framed houses with gabled roofs. Their windows were trimmed with flowering vines and wooden shutters.

Above the city-though still below the airship-hot air balloons drifted lazily in the sky, their soft shadows rippling over the terraced city like silent whispers of adventure.

Towering spires from ancient cathedrals rose alongside newer buildings of polished stone and glass, an architectural handshake between past and present.

Beneath the shade of several trees, pink petals swirled gently in the wind. A quiet bench waited for travelers to pause and take in the beauty.

Gardens brimming with carefully tended flowers and lush greenery lined the pathways, offering bursts of color and the scent of fresh blooms.

The whole city seemed to breathe, alive with a sense of peaceful progression-a place where time didn’t move hastily but flowed gently, as if savoring every moment.

The airship slowly descended onto a platform at the edge of the city’s grand square, an expansive space bordered by towering trees and fountains that sparkled in the warm light of the late afternoon.

The platform itself was a seamless mix of polished wood and gleaming stone. As the airship touched down with a soft thud, Northern could hear the faint hum of mechanisms engaging, the gentle hiss of the ship’s release valves decompressing.

The crew moved about briskly, preparing for the passengers to disembark, though eyes still lingered on him.

Northern straightened from the rail, feeling the weight of the many stares fixed on him.

His gaze sharpened as the full visual of Arcadia unfolded before him, now at a much closer and more magnified level.

He took a deep breath, inhaling the distinct scents that only a city like Arcadia could offer. The crispness of the high-altitude air mingled with the faint aroma of fresh flowers and the ever-present rhythm of life below.

As he made his way to the gangplank, his eyes scanned the cityscape again. A subtle wariness burned in the depth of his eyes, barely noticeable but there nonetheless.

Shin and Ryan followed behind, with Alystren arriving a bit late.

They all stepped off the airship and onto the platform, taking a spiral staircase downwards.

A sailor hurried after Northern as they descended the stairs.

“Young man, young man,” he called.

However, Northern didn’t stop until he was close to Shin and the others. Shin tapped him on the shoulder to get his attention.

Northern looked back, his eyes worn and filled with weariness.

Even Shin was a bit shocked and questioned internally, What’s wrong?

Northern had faint lines beneath his eyes, stretching down slightly. He looked back with a frustrated groan.

“What is it?” he asked, only to pause as he recognized the sailor’s familiar face.

“What?” he repeated, more directly this time.

“Young man, sir, I have come to apologize for the other time.” The sailor bowed his head slightly as he spoke.

“I treated you like a kid when you were being cautious. If I had paid attention to your questions, perhaps I could’ve warned the others, and we wouldn’t have had to bother you so much. But I am sincerely grateful for your help. Thanks to you, we reached Arcadia safely.” Northern stared blankly for a moment before finally blinking and sighing.

“It’s fine,” he said, waving the man away with his hand before turning to continue his descent.

Shin smiled and glanced between Northern and the sailor, who was already heading back. After a few moments of walking, they found themselves amidst the people of Arcadia, moving through the square with a sense of purpose.

There was an air of relaxation, as if the city itself encouraged its inhabitants to take their time.

Northern stopped and turned to Alystren, who tried hard to hide the obstinate expression on his face.

“First, we should find a place to settle down. Since there’s a friend of a friend who owes me a favor, that part should be easy, so follow me.”

He immediately turned left, leading them away from the square and into a narrow street.

Regardless of which corner they turned, towering buildings reflected the rays of daylight into the air of every street channel.

Lampposts with delicate ironwork lined the roads, their lights dormant in the daylight but ready to illuminate the streets with a warm glow come nightfall.

High above, birds soared alongside the balloons, their wings brushing the currents of air in perfect rhythm with the city’s quiet but ever-present pulse of life.

The blend of modern and traditional wasn’t just in Arcadia’s buildings but in its people and their attire as well.

The majority of the population, particularly those walking the bustling streets and tending to their businesses, wore garments inspired by both classical and contemporary styles.

Men donned long coats or waistcoats made from fine fabrics like linen or wool, paired with trousers that tapered slightly towards the ankle, tucked into boots or simple shoes.

These coats bore subtle embroidered patterns-nods to family crests or personal symbols of Arcadian pride-though the designs remained minimalist, echoing the city’s elegant restraint.

Many men also sported simple hats or head coverings, whether for utility or fashion, and there was an air of casual refinement in the way they moved, confident but not boastful.

Women’s attire reflected the same balance.

Flowing dresses, belted at the waist, made from lighter fabrics such as silk or cotton, allowed

for both elegance and movement.

Some women wore tunics paired with leggings or skirts, layered with shawls or scarves

draped artistically over their shoulders.

The traditional influence was visible in the pleats and cuts of their clothing, with earthy tones dominating the palette-soft browns, greens, and muted golds-with occasional pops of vibrant color, especially in accessories.

In contrast, others embraced a more modern look, with tailored jackets, high-collared blouses, and longer skirts, the fabrics shimmering slightly with hints of metallic thread or

intricate stitching.

Each passerby carried a unique scent with them, and walking amidst such a crowd almost made Northern feel like he was back on Earth.

He couldn’t help but admire every single person that walked past, though his eyes still looked

worn out.

After a few minutes, they finally reached a gate nestled in the heart of a light forest.

Alystren announced heartily, “Welcome to the house of the governor of Arcadia.” Northern frowned. “The governor… is your friend of a friend?”
_______________________________________

Chapter 535: A Group Of Monsters
“It’s a lot of explanation, but trust me, we can trust this guy.”

‘Trust you? Hell nah!’

But it wasn’t like Northern had a better solution either. Hence, as Alystren had said, they had to trust him.

‘Maybe for my dad and Shin to give their trust. But me? I don’t have enough to go around.’

Be it whatever will be should be, Northern was very confident it couldn’t change zilch nada from what he planned to do or wanted to do.

He examined the surroundings with a sharp intensity to the depth of his gaze, then brought his beautiful eyes to Alystren.

“Do what you must,” he answered.

‘Why can’t I help but turn to him as the leader of the group all the time? Shin is literally here…’

Alystren wondered as he knocked on the iron gate. There was something about Northern that just automatically drew attention to him.

He was almost as tall as Shin, a little bit taller than Ryan. His eyes were young by physical appearance, but the depth of his gaze bathed his presence with an intense and overwhelming feeling to be revered.

It didn’t even seem like Northern was trying sometimes; even when he moved slightly, Alystren would glance and almost look at him with eyes of adornment.

What about him was so impressive? Even he did not have the answers.

But his eyes wouldn’t just look away. Sometimes it was adoration, other times it was cautiousness and curiosity. freёwebnovel.com

Kang! Kang! Kang!

Alystren groaned annoyingly, shoving away his thoughts as he knocked again.

‘Why am I thinking about him? Don’t bother, don’t bother,’ he egged himself otherwise.

Northern stood like a statue, his arms folded and eyes buried slightly beneath the fallen length of his white hair.

Usually, despite their length, they were always parted, making his eyes clear to be seen, but while they were on their way, he had deliberately tousled them together to hide his eyes.

Because, all the while, he had been actively doing something.

Suddenly, Northern flinched a little bit as something seemed to grab his attention. But no one else seemed to notice.

“Who are you people?”

A voice rolled out from behind them.

Shin’s eyes widened immediately. With the voice came an insanely bitter bloodlust that he couldn’t help but draw his sword against.

“Wai-”

With a swift pivoting of his body, Shin turned, using one hand to push the scabbard of his sword forward to meet the space requirement for the other hand to grab the hilt and swipe it out-all in time for him to aim his sword at the speaker’s neck.

Alystren had his hand stretched out; Shin’s movement had been too fast for his words to even make it.

Moreover, that insane speed.

‘What was that? How is his reaction speed so fast? When did he pull the sword?’

Before Alystren’s eyes, all that happened was a blurry turn, and the sword was right at the presence’s neck.

But Alystren frowned darkly as he looked at the person Shin was aiming at.

‘You shouldn’t have done that… not to this guy…’

The presence looked like a living corpse. His skin was not pale; it was white!

His eyes were darkly red, with a sharp gaze that seemed to be piercing into their skulls. His hair was tousled around roughly and short; in fact, it seemed wet.

And below his eyes were reddened circles as if he had scratched that point intensely for a long period of time.

There was something unsettling about him. Everything about him screamed the haste of death. In fact, in a situation like this, running would probably be a better solution.

Shin’s gaze was serious, unwavering, and grim.

However, a line of blood suddenly appeared on his cheek, vomiting a single drop of blood that slipped down his jaw.

His frown tightened more.

‘What? When?’

Shin was sure he didn’t see anything happen, and his gaze had been on this guy the moment he spoke. He had acted faster than anyone would.

“How dare you point your sword at my neck.”

The person said, his voice was like that of an arrogant thirteen-year-old boy, and even his look did not fall far from that tree.

Alystren sighed.

“I’m sor-”

“How dare you wield bloodlust against my father?”

Suddenly, everywhere became heavy; the air seemed to rush away in haste, and breathing became a hassle.

With a calm but powerful voice, Northern commanded, “Kneel.”

Before a beat passed after his words, the boy felt his entire legs give out, as if a massive

boulder suddenly crushed him with Northern’s words.

His eyes were already widened and were trembling severely. Pearls of sweat had begun to

form all over his face, and his hand could not even tighten.

He clenched his teeth together with a furious resolve and, with a shout, clenched his fist and smashed it into the soil.

However, he suddenly stopped as water dripped on him from above.

‘What?’

The boy’s eyes expanded impossibly as his gaze went up.

Spears of ice had spread all over him, and it seemed they had been there so long that they had

begun to melt slowly under the afternoon heat.

And he didn’t even know where they came from.

‘The white-haired…’

Northern was standing behind him. He hadn’t even known how that happened; he was sure he got behind everyone before anyone noticed, and yet Northern was standing behind him.

There was an introverted-looking guy who stood aloof in front of the gate, not even minding

what they were doing.

The boy’s eyes suspected for a moment if he was the one.

‘No… he’s not even looking here…’

It was impossible that someone would have created so many ice spears without even having

to look!

Hence, it had to be Northern.

A thousand thoughts raced across his mind in seconds; something is definitely wrong with

these set of people!

He gritted his teeth angrily as he glared at Shin.

“Who are you people?” Then he turned to Alystren, addressing him with a bit of familiarity, “What darn monsters have you brought to my master’s abode?!”
_______________________________________

Chapter 536: Bloodlust
Alystren was frozen in the moment, his mind trying to comprehend what he had just witnessed.

He was so focused on Shin that he didn’t even register Northern’s movement. He never saw Northern moving, and until Northern spoke, he didn’t even realize Northern was not there. And the ice spears? The boy would have gotten bombarded by them without even realizing they were coming!

And yet this boy that stood amidst them was one of the most fearful and prodigious masters in the Southern part of the Central Plains.

A master capable of cutting with just bloodlust. The boy kneeling right there was so known to be a weapon of death that the weapon, Dead Reaper, began to follow him before the government even put a bounty of three hundred million Orens on him.

Of course, how he is now serving the governor of Arcadia like a loyal dog is another story.

But Alystren knew this guy to be one of the, if not the fastest killer he has ever met, capable of killing with just bloodlust!

And yet… all this?

It was unbelievable!

‘Ice Manipulation? That’s an insane ability.’

Being able to control elemental ability was not rare, but a wide area manifestation without an already propagated force of a favorable condition was as important as a talent ability that caused one to control gravity.

They were the cheat talents, undeserving to exist. The fact that a drifter has them alone made them the diamond of the market of citadels.

Headmasters would sell their souls to obtain these diamonds even if it meant just displaying them on their shelf and never putting them to use.

At least, their talent class would be SSS! freeweɓnovēl.coɱ

The more Alystren seemed to dwell on the thought, the more he felt himself going crazy from all the jumbo that raided his mind.

He could finally now understand what Thalen meant when he said they could take care of themselves. And why he called in someone as important as him to escort them to Arcadia.

‘That bastard… where did he get gems like this? I’m so jealous.’

Alystren clicked his tongue in silence before bringing around his attention.

The boy of the abode they had come to was still kneeling, gritting his teeth with his depraved eyes growing intensely madder.

It didn’t seem like the difficulty to breathe and weak legs would break his spirit.

And that fathomed Northern.

‘He’s strong-willed, I give him that…’ Northern glanced down from behind the boy where he stood.

He wondered a bit whether to increase the amount of the Void Aura he was releasing but immediately decided that it was unnecessary.

He believed he had passed the lesson he needed to pass to both of them.

Averting his gaze from the boy, he glanced at Ryan and released the tense atmosphere.

Suddenly, the life of the forest seemed to resume as it ought. The fresh winds seemed to sigh heavily as they could freely roam every fiber of space.

The boy, as Northern dropped the Void Aura, instantly shot away from him, appearing inside the gate in a barely perceptible flash.

Northern did not look fazed though; his eyes were still looking tired of some sort. Shin sheathed his blade.

“Are you not going to take it away?” Northern grimaced at Ryan.

Ryan was silent for a beat, then his voice came, unrushing.

“Until you get rid of every last drop of bloodlust in you… they are too sharp.”

“Eh?”

It was the moment that Ryan spoke that Alystren and every other person realized that they had small cuts all over their body.

Alystren flared, staggering back in a short frenzy as he saw the thin lines over his neck and forearms.

“When did this happen? I didn’t see anything?” he glanced angrily at the boy only to realize he happened to be in the same state that they were.

Glazed all over with small cuts of blood, and eyes widened in realization of it.

Northern scratched the back of his head in guilt, looking to one side.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t know it would leak out like that.”

Usually, one needed to be a Master before they could wield bloodlust like a weapon.

One also needed to be a Master before they could use spiritual release which existed as a canopy of phantasmal attacks that conjured the essence of the soul into an intangible attack.

However, Northern, from mining the red crystals with bloodlust, had learned about handling bloodlust since he was a Walker.

Hence when he became a Master, the level to which the phantasmal attacks of bloodlust manifested was outrageous.

These people, despite their soul ranks, had all been cut without even realizing it.

Which meant it was possible for Northern to kill someone before the person realized he was dead. Which was the true meaning of a phantasmal attack that had been lost over time.

The only person, however, that was without a cut was Ryan.

The one Shin had noticed earlier was the one from the boy. There were several on the hand that had drawn his sword that even he did not know.

None of them except Ryan perceived the attack, and that was why he had instantly deployed those ice spears towards Northern as a countermeasure.

The poor boy did not know that they were not meant for him, but only directed at him because Northern was behind him.

Northern closed his eyes, breathed in and out for a couple of seconds and erasing every hint of bloodlust in him.

Ryan finally glanced at the ice spears and they all dissolved into cold vapors.

Alystren at this point did not know what to do anymore; his face looked like he had just by luck

defeated death, pale and sweaty all over.

He turned to the boy behind the gate, forcing out a smile but in his mind,

‘This is because you decided to be stupid, you insane dead boy. Criminal bastard!’

“Please, can you tell the governor I am around with guests?”

The boy with his unwelcoming death glare moved closer to the gate, yanking it open with

frustration, his eyes gleaming at the three behind Alystren.

“Come in, the governor already knows you are around.”

‘Then why did you have to cause so much unnecessary trouble?! Why?!!’ Alystren pressed

down his lips to stop himself from yelling.

He calmed his gaze and tried all possible best to look the part of a patient and enduring

visitor.

Not because he didn’t want to stir any trouble with the boy, but because he didn’t want to stir

any trouble in the governor’s house.

And he really hoped Northern and Ryan also would not.

‘I’ll have to talk to them about it later.’

Breathing out tiredly, he led them into the gate, treading a straight path on the paved ground

in between the bamboo-like garden.
_______________________________________

Chapter 537: The Governor
As Alystren and the rest of the crew entered through the mansion’s double doors, they were greeted by a lined array of workers.

Ladies in black-and-white maid uniforms bowed their heads as they entered.

The smell of luxury filled the air, and the sparkling chandeliers, delicately hanging from the intricately patterned ceiling, glistened in their eyes with the pride of a peacock.

Velvet carpets sprawled across the marble floor, each step sinking into the plush fabric, silencing their footsteps.

The grand hall stretched far, its towering walls adorned with finely detailed tapestries depicting historical triumphs and legendary battles, their colors rich and deep as if freshly

woven.

To the left, a sprawling staircase of dark, polished wood and golden railings twisted upward like the tail of a sleeping dragon, leading to the mansion’s upper levels.

The banisters gleamed in the soft light filtering through the tall, arched windows, draped in heavy crimson curtains, adding a sense of royalty to the ambiance.

Along the walls, tall vases filled with vibrant bouquets of roses and lilies emitted a faint fragrance that mingled with the rich scent of polished wood and the slightest hint of lavender. The faint echo of distant music floated from somewhere deeper inside the mansion.

In every corner, statues of warriors and mythical beasts stood frozen in time, their stone gazes locked on anyone who dared meet their eyes.

Every inch of the space seemed designed to inspire awe, as though the very walls whispered the prestige and power of those who called this place home.

Then a well-pronounced footstep began to shake the mansion.

Alystren’s eyes darkened at the first step; his composure seemed to return just as the footstep began to resound.

Northern, who saw him steady himself in that moment, wondered how dangerous the approaching person was.

He wasn’t surprised by the heavy steps; thanks to his excellent spatial awareness, he had already assessed the person’s size.

But Shin and Ryan had no idea, which explained their shock as the man came into view.

The man’s sheer size easily dominated the room. He was a tower, standing well over seven feet tall, with broad shoulders that seemed capable of supporting the weight of the world.

With each movement of his arms and legs, his muscles strained beneath his pristine white suit, which contrasted sharply with his silver hair and beard.

His features were chiseled like granite, his jawline sharp and his nose prominent, giving him a commanding presence that left no doubt about his authority. freёwebnovel.com

He finally stopped before all the visitors, looking down at them, the sparkle of the chandeliers dancing on his neat, slicked-back hair, which hinted at his age but did nothing to diminish the raw power he exuded.

The man resembled a polar bear in human form, evoking strength, resilience, and a quiet but unmistakable danger.

“I greet you all. Welcome to my home.”

Northern frowned tiredly as he heard the man’s voice. The intensity of its thickness vibrated in his chest.

‘I’m beginning to develop a certain disgust and displeasure for thick voices,’ he thought. The man examined them all again with a cold, calculating gaze, carrying the same piercing intensity one might expect from a predator sizing up its prey.

He lingered in silence before his next words reached them.

“I wasn’t expecting this, but since it’s the Tharion Citadel, I can’t refuse. I do owe you all a favor after all.”

He said, letting out a wild, earthquaking laugh that made them shift subtly with unease. He abruptly stopped his thunderous laughter and tapped Alystren’s shoulder with his huge hand. Under such a hand, Alystren’s shoulder looked slender and fragile.

“It’s been a while since I saw you, Alystren. The maids will see you all to your rooms. Enjoy your stay.”

He tapped Alystren’s shoulder gently again and then eventually turned around, walking back toward where he came from.

The whole crew watched him leave, awe evident in their eyes.

The boy, however, had his pale face flushed tomato red, and his eyes sparkled as he watched the man walk away.

‘Is he a descendant of giants?’ Northern wrestled with the question for a while, his cold gaze glued to the man’s enormous back.

Then he turned to Alystren. “I’m sorry, who is that?”

The boy grimaced at Northern and yelled, “That’s the governor, you fool!”

Northern’s eyes widened slightly. He was shocked to his core.

All the time they had been walking here, he hadn’t imagined the governor to be someone like this.

He had envisioned a governor as frail and weak, a mundane human-or at least a drifter who prioritized wealth over strength.

There was a stereotype about how people like him looked.

But this man looked nothing like a governor.

One of the maids, wearing rectangular glasses, stepped forward after the governor’s

footsteps had faded and addressed them.

“Please follow me. I will show you to your rooms.”

“And don’t you dare come out until the day you leave this castle.”

“Shut up, Darioyle,” the maid commanded at once, and immediately, the boy went graveyard

quiet, composed like a musical note.

Northern glanced at them both, dazed.

“Please follow me,” she said, her voice smooth, as if it hadn’t just gained a fiery tone a

moment ago.

Northern gulped. ‘I get it; I understand. These are the kinds of people you fear the most.’

Without further words, he obediently followed the lady up the stairs to their left.

The lady took them to the next floor and showed them to their rooms, which were ten feet apart along the same wall.

Northern entered the luxurious bedroom and took a moment to breathe in the view.

He glanced around with a small smile.

“Crap. I love the smell of luxury. I think I love antiques too.”

He rushed over to the shelf on the left wall, his eyes sparkling as they scanned the series of

small statues and pocket watches displayed there.

An old painting on the wall depicted a bearded man riding a beast resembling a deer with

branched antlers.

‘Ah, what’s it called again…?’ Northern pondered.

‘Crap, whatever.’

He rushed over to the collection of paintings hung together on the wall that framed the

window.

The soft, large bed dominated the room, its brown-beige color inviting and warm.

He had never found himself loving a space like this one.

He opened the window and leaned against it, smiling pleasantly as he felt the garden breeze

brush against his hair.

Then he glanced down.

“Oh?”

A woman in a white shirt tucked into black trousers and knee-high boots was swinging her

sword, carefully calculating her paces.
_______________________________________

Chapter 538: Good Job Holding It In
Northern leaned above the window, watching as the lady moved.

Her movements were gentle…

Well, in his opinion, they felt too gentle.

‘She’s thinking too much…’

As much as it was very important for a warrior to articulate their thoughts during combat, especially when they are executing delicate combat styles, Northern, from experience, also felt that some things should be left to instincts and muscle memory rather than thought patterns and calculation.

Of course, his own existence was a cheat. Every reflex, every sharp, quick, and unconventional moment he had gained in this moment was a result of the link of his body to his clone.

At the early stages of his swordsmanship journey, he was no different from a squire barely able to swing a broom correctly.

But because of the enforced muscle memory that he received after his clones returned to him, his abilities leaped bounds after bounds until there was not much his clones could contribute to him.

At least not enough to hurt him.

Hence, Northern found himself relying more on the instincts of his body gathered from experience rather than thinking too deeply.

“Being in a real battle won’t give you that much time to think.”

The girl suddenly flinched as the wind blew slightly stronger than before.

Northern’s landing was soft, like a leaf gently, swayingly, touching the paved ground.

She aimed her sword at Northern with a wary gaze darkening in her eyes.

“Who are you?”

Northern shrugged nonchalantly, “I’m in a good mood, so I decided to help. I’m a great swordsman; I’m sure I can be of help to you and also learn from you.”

The girl’s composure shifted slightly; she raised her chin, looking down at Northern with a demeaning light glowing in her eyes. freёwebnovel.com

“That’s not what I asked you. Who the hell are you?”

“Such vulgar words…” For some reason, Northern did not feel angered in the slightest way.

After so long, because of how good the room felt and the thought that he would be having a great night, he felt so relaxed emotionally.

“…don’t you need a training partner?”

But he was still choosing to say what he wanted to say, absolutely ignoring the girl’s question like her voice was not reaching him.

And that was what seemed to make the girl more intensely angry.

She took two steps forward, launching her sword towards Northern’s neck and yelling her question again.

“I said, who the hell are you?”

Her blonde hair blazed furiously as her entire face folded into a crucible of anger.

The delighted look on Northern’s face at that point slowly began to dissipate.

It was like reality dawned on him that he had gone ahead and stuck his nose in someone’s business without the need to.

‘What was I thinking? Did I get too excited there…’

He clicked his tongue in a poor letdown and turned away from the girl, trotting forward.

Still, the lady was not going to have it. Her figure suddenly blurred, her sword glinting as she overtook Northern and lunged it towards his neck.

This time it was closer than it had been before, resting just above his shoulder, the blade itself barely a dot away from his skin.

Northern looked indifferent, unsurprised, unimpressed. The look on his face bothered the lady, such that a drop of sweat rolled down her face.

She frowned, wondering, ‘What’s with him?’

Northern exhaled and slowly pushed the sword away from his neck, saying as he did, “I am sorry for startling you; I didn’t mean any harm. I was intrigued by your practice, so I thought it might be a great opportunity to teach you and also learn from you.”

Northern was being serious. After all, there was nothing he knew of swordsmanship by the books.

Whatever he had gained from experience, he wasn’t even sure if it went by the fundamental rules and making of the art of close combat, most especially swordsmanship.

So, in his own opinion, the girl even had more to teach him than he had to teach her.

However…

‘What the fuck was that condescending gaze? You should be lucky I’m willing to let this pass.’

That look the girl gave him, like he was some cockroach, did not go unnoticed.

“You are still not answering the question. Who are you?”

‘Please, please, please, please, I don’t want to kill her. Northern, you must not kill her. Northern, you must not kill her. Lael, you must not kill her. Rian, Artemis! Don’t you dare lay your hand on that girl!’

“You are still silent.” She was as persistent as a mosquito, glaring at Northern with a fierce look in her eyes.

Northern felt his grip on his patience slipping away as the girl persistently stared at him with that rude and condescending expression.

He smiled, closing his eyes, the veins on his forehead seeming to pop out.

“I am a guest. I really have done something wrong. You must be someone important to the governor, and touching you would mean being rude to the governor, who is helping us right now. So, I shouldn’t touch you, right? Right?”

On the second ‘right’, Northern’s eyes flew wide open, his eyeballs dilated, glinting with a cold and dangerous light.

The girl hurried back several steps in a breath, her expression instantly crumbling to one of extreme fear and terror.

Her bountiful chest rose and fell like a breathing mountain, and goosebumps crawled on her skin like a thousand tiny snakes were walking on her at the same time.

Before she could say anything, however, the man before her was gone.

The curtain of the window just happened to flutter outside and danced for a moment as if a strong gust of wind passed through.

The lady, still paralyzed by the fear she felt and unable to make sense of it, stared down with

puzzled, widened eyes, panting.

‘What? What? What was that?’

Northern, meanwhile, slumped on his bed, burying his face into the sinking mattress.

“That was a close one. I did well holding it in.”
_______________________________________

Chapter 539: The Stealthiest Summon
Nestled upon the surface of the water was a swirling mountain, the peak of the mountain crowned by a majestic fortress, its intricate clockwork face gazing down upon the world below.

The mountain, a sentinel of stone, cradled a serene lagoon, its waters shimmering like sapphires under the embrace of daystar’s light.

Cascading waterfalls tumbled gracefully from the cliff’s edge-at the base of the castle- their crystalline droplets scattering into rainbows as they plunged into the shimmering sapphires.

Above this idyllic scene, wispy clouds drifted lazily across the vast expanse of sky, casting fleeting shadows on the land.

Softly, a speckle of black dust flowed towards the castle and soon fell into the surface of the lagoon, causing a black liquid to be seen for a moment before sinking into the depths of the

ocean.

Following the dust, a blur whizzed past the clouds and landed on the center of the land- which was like a spiral form, with the lagoon water filling its space.

The creature was pitch black, almost like a stain of evil in this serene sanctuary. It bent over the ocean with the creep and flexibility of a snake, its white eyes scrutinizing the surface of the water with innocent curiosity.

After a while, the creature straightened its back and looked up at the castle. Its eyes narrowed.

And with a crouch, the creature plunged into the sky, disheveling the ground beneath and causing debris of stone to fly around.

Black Mamba landed on the wall of the cliff, close to the waterfall, and began to climb up.

Climbing was almost like he was walking on the wall, hopping and not even diminishing his insane speed for a second.

In less than two minutes, Black Mamba landed on the surface of the mountain and was looking at the castle.

A dark frown lowered on his face, and without further ado, he vanished.

His legs carried him with the lightness of a feather, and in a blur, he flew over the high castle wall, landing inside without a sound.

The creature glanced left and right before darting towards the yard of the castle. There he saw an open door behind the castle and, without much thought, entered.

Black Mamba practically merged with the darkness as he walked down the stairs. About a hundred steps later, he arrived at an underground. The place was eternally dark, making Black Mamba’s eyes glint with an incandescent white light.

It was as if the veils of darkness themselves had opened their eyes.

The creature walked forward without producing a single step, his eyes focused, narrowed, and glued to a certain goal.

After more steps in a couple of minutes, Black Mamba stood before a tall, crimson door. He slowly sized up the wooden door, only to flinch suddenly and disappear into the darkness.

A couple of seconds later, the door began to powerfully creak open, shards of stone falling from the roof as if it had been locked for centuries.

A man with long, black wet hair staggered out of the room. He was pale and skinny, a black coat lazily hung over his shoulders, however, doing nothing to conceal his dry chest and revealing ribs.

The man let out a guttural cry and punched the door. Despite his frail-looking body, webbed cracks instantly appeared on the part of the door he punched.

He staggered a bit more as he tried to walk forward. His monolid eyes were filled with boiling hatred.

He gritted his teeth as he leaned on the open door with one hand.

“I will find you, and I will make sure I kill you!”

For a moment after hearing those words, Black Mamba moved slightly, his fingers extended and lustrous black claws curved out.

“Follow it. Do not engage and do not be detected.”

Northern’s words rang in the creature’s mind, causing him to hide back his claws and retreat into the darkness before disappearing.

“So, that’s what you saw…”

Northern sat on the white throne, leaning tiredly on one armrest of it as Black Mamba divulged non-verbally all that he had witnessed.

Night Terror and Revant were both standing beside Black Mamba-on the left and right respectively.

Revant, after spending a few days in solitary, now had a well-composed facial expression, although Northern noticed him glancing at Black Mamba with an indescribable disgust.

‘His pride is just too much.’

Which was quite understandable. Revant was a Tyrant. Northern had never met one, didn’t even know how they existed or what they looked like.

But he assumed that they were a pinnacle of existence, and that alone was bound to give them

a heart of pride that matched the level of their superiority.

“Well, I will worry about that dude later. I am still very interested in his talent, after all. But I have more pressing matters.”

Northern leaned away from one hand, sitting equally on the brilliant mantle.

He looked over at all three of them before he started to talk.

“So, I have been thinking of something recently. I want to bring more order to this place.”

He paused, taking a breath before he continued.

“Before I do that, however, there are a few people that I want you all to acknowledge.”

In a far, unseeable distance, the door to the Void Palace creaked open, pale light peeping

through.

Two long shadows could be seen growing longer as steps resounded in the hall, eventually becoming shorter as the owners of the steps revealed themselves.

One was a lady with black shadows around her eyes, a melancholic face framed by tousled, chestnut hair that fell in short waves around her face.

Her gaze was steady, quiet, and brimming with a twisted determination.

The other was a man with sharp and intense features, exuding an aura of raw defiance and untamed emotion.

His dirty, ashen hair fell unevenly across his forehead, partially obscuring his eyes that burned with a cold, smoldering intensity.

His eyes were fierce and unyielding, as if harboring secrets and pain that pierced through anyone who met his gaze.

Northern smiled as both Jeci and Lynus reached his front, standing next to Night Terror.

Then he remembered.

“Oh, Mr. Fluffy!”

With a snap of his finger, the monstrous beast appeared in an instant.

Northern’s eyes widened as they fell on the beast.
_______________________________________

Chapter 540: The First Step
Mr. Fluffy was different!

It made Northern’s widened eyes sparkle with surprise. His mind faltered, unable to piece

words together.

‘What… what… wha-‘

Mr. Fluffy was standing on two bipedal legs, almost like Night Terror. His white fur seemed like it was cut directly from a slab of moonlight.

They fluffed and danced with every stray pass of the wind.

The beast had an intense, fiery, and at the same time, familiar ferociousness in its eyes. Although those eyes were now starkly different than before.

It was like an abominable creature that existed only in fairytales, standing almost seven feet tall, every part of its skin coiling with metal-like muscles.

His pale eyes against the drop of his white sheen fur were striking. It-for a moment-made the beast look harmless, rather stunningly beautiful.

“Mr. Fluffy…”

A wide grin formed on Mr. Fluffy’s face; however, it looked like the devil was trying to smile. It would have made a little girl pee her pants.

Northern, however, was not even concerned about the awkward grin on the beast’s face.

Instead…

[Monster Profile]

Name: [Mr. Fluffy]

True Name: [Silver Moon]

Rank: [Beast]

Danger Level: [Devil]

Attributes: [Call Of The Wild], [Call of The Moon]

Abilities: [Cleave]

Northern leaned back, his eyes frozen with paling surprise.

‘A devil? How did he become a devil!’

It was not out of place for some monsters to become different after evolving to a new danger level. After all, Night Terror had also evolved to Dark Terror at the last minute.

So, this wasn’t strange at all.

But the pale shock on Northern’s face told a different story.

‘The last time I remember, wasn’t he just a disaster level?’

It seemed Mr. Fluffy had taken a tremendous leap in danger level.

‘Was that what he was doing at the glacier mountain…’

Northern suddenly frowned, ‘But wait, wouldn’t he have needed a tremendous amount of soul cores for that to be possible.’

His eyes widened even more.

‘Please don’t tell me this bastard has been consuming the section of soul cores that I left at the glacier mountain.’

That had to be it. There was no other explanation for Mr. Fluffy’s sudden growth.

He had deliberately hidden himself in the glacier mountain and was consuming tons upon tons of soul cores, causing him to evolve several times in danger level.

Now, he showed up in front of Northern like he had done some great job, head high with a terrorizing, ugly smile on his animalistic face.

Northern washed his face with one hand, sighing.

‘He would have consumed a lot of soul cores for that to happen.’

He wanted to get angry, but he couldn’t. He also felt bad that he had been neglecting the monster’s growth recently.

Mr. Fluffy had been his first buddy, the one monster that had been there from the beginning, and yet the one that got less attention from him.

‘I can’t imagine how he must have felt. He must have wanted to be stronger, to be seen.’

Hence, consuming those soul cores and believing he could be stronger.

He might have cost Northern some losses in soul cores, but he had good intentions. Northern glanced at the monster once again before looking away with an exasperated sigh. He leaned on the armrest with his elbow and rested his head, looking at Mr. Fluffy again. ‘He did go ahead and become a werewolf, huh.’

Northern’s gaze lazily drifted off the beast and went to the others standing.

‘Who have I not called yet… Corpse Eater.’

He snapped his fingers, and immediately, the devilish Corpse Eater, placed in charge of managing the general workforce of monsters, suddenly appeared before Northern.

There were still three Void summons left, but Northern felt it was unnecessary to summon them since they weren’t that much of a sentient being.

He was going to use them to propagate the rest of the summons he got from Soul Taker shattering.

He paused for a moment, looking down in thought.

‘Should I just do that before doing this?’

A bead of sweat rolled down his face as he thought of the process.

Weaving souls together and creating a new form of existence from the depths of the void

wasn’t as easy as it seemed.

It was soul and stamina exhausting. The more he did it, the more he felt like he would lose his

hang of it.

So Northern felt it was an art that he should reserve for really extreme purposes.

‘But those souls are quite valuable. They’d be a great boon to my force.’

He was somehow in a dilemma. Should he go ahead and do what he wanted to do without

creating a body for them?

Or should he go ahead and create them, knowing very well that some repercussion of some sort would hit him?

He was deep in thought, while they all stood opposite him in total silence.

Amidst it all, Northern suddenly remembered the precious ability he had received. His eyes

glowed.

‘That’s right. I don’t have to use them as soldiers. There’s Soul Forge.’

A satisfied grin appeared on Northern’s face.

‘Then I can carry along with this.’

Northern stood up, a pleased smirk adorning his face. He majestically walked through the

flames and stopped in front of it, about thirty steps away from them.

Then he started:

“I want to set a hierarchy.” He observed all their faces for a moment.

And there was no emotional response, no change in facial expression, not even from Mr.

Fluffy.

‘Did they all expect this?’

He breathed softly and continued.

“I really don’t want to do this. As much as I would love equality to reign amongst all of you, that would be wishful thinking, and wishful thinking is the value of a naive person. In the end, causing utter ruin to one’s fate.”

His eyes went over all of them with a cold light gleaming out of it.

“I am currently suspecting that the enemies I will be going toe to toe with in the future are ones that no ordinary drifter would be able to face off with. Which is why I want to make you extraordinarily strong. Insanely strong. Hierarchy is the first step for that to be decided.” His voice paused, causing absolute silence to instantly settle in the vast hall.

Then, like a ghostly blade, it cut through the silence.

“And how would this rank be decided? It’s simple.”

A vicious grin curved the corners of Northern’s lips.

“Duel.”