571 I’m Enough

The numbers alone made their hearts squeeze with pain; this was bound to be utter failure.

Alystren’s clenched fist trembled as he took sight of them all, turning his eyes around.

‘I’m going to die…’

He lowered his brows, and a dark, broken expression appeared on his face.

Shin was beside him but did not have time to see how the old joker was doing. He was equally as conflicted as Alystren was, after all.

Every single one of them, except Northern’s summons, wore an expression of failure on their faces.

Ryan had light concern on his, but the depth of his gaze insinuated that the gravity of the situation had set in.

He, however, in contrast to the rest, had a faint glimmer of hope burning in his cold eyes. He turned to Northern.

“What are we going to do?”

“That’s quite an obvious question you ask, boy.”

Northern jammed his fists together, taking a few steps closer to the monsters with a mad grin.

“We fight. No one rests until every single one of these rotten creatures is lying dead.”

“Are you insane?!” Panting, Shane interrupted before he could launch forward.

Northern, raising a brow, slowly turned back.

‘I’ve been observing that girl since… she’s beginning to get on my nerves.’ Northern made a small frown but dissolved it barely a moment later.

‘I shouldn’t be bullying the weak…’

He looked away from her and turned back to the looming flood of abominations.

“I think surviving shouldn’t be hard. I will take care of these monsters with or without you people. I guess what I’m saying is I don’t think anyone should be reckless because I alone am enough to handle this.”

Northern let out a small smile, looking at Lieutenant Dante.

“Besides, we have a Paragon here with us… Things can’t possibly go so wrong?”

His latter statement didn’t register well. They didn’t need to be told; they could read the hidden meaning behind those words.

…things can’t possibly go wrong? Surrounded by a flood of monsters from all sides and things can’t possibly go wrong?

So, what if things were to go wrong? What would be the definition of their circumstances?

And all of that, with a Paragon, one incredibly strong amongst them.

Even though he was standing right with them, booming with tremendous strength, would he be able to save them?

Northern had seemed more of a helpful resource than the Lieutenant himself.

They all saw what he did with the monstrous entity of the rift. He was also the one that spoke out about the mist.

If he had not been there to assist the Lieutenant, was there even an assurance that the Lieutenant would have defeated the grotesque existence before it reaped their souls?

Although their eyes still held that stubborn and sentimental resolve that praised their Lieutenant in high esteem, their hearts were secretly and faintly yearning for the hope Northern’s presence radiated.

Dante, after fixing Northern a long stern glare, turned around to the west, while Northern faced east.

“I’ll take half of this side; you can take the other side. I can’t make any promises, but those that want to live through this should not stay far away from me. I will protect as many as I can.”

Northern suppressed a smile and looked at the flood of monsters. The only thing that was stopping them now was that perhaps they too had a sense of foreboding—that something incredibly dangerous was beyond.

The void mist had left them with an indelible sense of despair. But it was only a matter of time before its effects wore out.

“Master…” Jeci approached Northern’s back, but he interrupted before she could speak any further.

“Every other person help the Lieutenant, protect my father and every other person. And make sure not to die too.” He commanded her and glanced at Lynus too.

Then he faced Night Terror, Black Mamba, and Revant.

“The same goes for all of you.”

“But my lord—”

“No questions, Revant. Just do as you are told.”

With a furious expression on his face, Revant ate his words with pain and bowed his head.

“Understood, my lord.”

He stood up, his face becoming blank and unapproachable. He brought out a pair of white gloves that Northern for a moment wondered where he’d seen, wore them, and without delay, plunged into the looming flood.

Lieutenant Dante watched him enter the battle but did not see him move; all he felt was the violent brush of the wind against his face, scurrying strands of his darkened hair. His eyes widened.

‘Such speed? It… surpasses mine…’ He couldn’t help but admit.

He was shocked by such an existence but wasn’t downed at all. After all, speed was not his own forte. It was only a flaw, in fact.

His talent abilities would be much more potent if his speed flaw wasn’t there. And that is why he had tried his best to reduce it.

That speed of his was a blessing and a curse. And there was not one moment where he had not cursed it.

However right now, something different was swelling inside of him the moment he felt the man move just now.

Still unsure why he was suddenly feeling like using his speed to its maximum capacity, he shook his head and threw the thoughts away.

Instead, he drew his sword and also plunged forward, joining the fray.

Following the Lieutenant, his subordinates jumped into the flood, lashing out their weapons furiously.

Jeci and Lynus also joined; Black Mamba and Night Terror turned into black blurs, their colors getting lost in the thick crimson throng.

Alystren followed also, despite the pale face, leaving Shin and Ryan.

Shin looked at his son with a slightly pained expression. “Let me…”

“It’s fine, Father. This will be over before you know it. I don’t need anyone’s help.”

Shin swallowed the words and stared at Northern with concern. With no time to waste on an intense battlefield such as this one, he pulled back and joined the fray towards the west.

Northern extended both his hands, and two daggers wove themselves from the embrace of his soul.

He leaned forward, his gaze fixed on the red abominations that were not breaking off the despairing state they were in.

“You heard me. I’ll be fine on my own,” he said without looking at Ryan.

Ryan exhaled and turned away. “Well then, don’t die…”

He stepped away and launched into the battlefield. A massive explosion resonated through the field, and ice cones shot out of the ground, piercing several abominations and scattering their formation in the middle.

Lieutenant Dante clicked his tongue in irritation.

“Drama.”
_______________________________________

572 In The Fray [PART 1]

The battlefield seethed with chaos, wafting with the pungent and distasteful smell of rotten flesh and blood.

The monsters, their grotesque figures distorted by a soft crimson haze, advanced in twisted waves, limbs dragging against the ground, eyes hollow and hungry.

Northern’s gaze sharpened, cold and focused, the faintest grin playing at his lips as he lowered himself into a stance.

In one hand, a black and red dagger gleamed with an eerie passion to draw blood; in the other, a pitch-black, lusterless sleek stiletto with a curved blade screamed with a faint and almost unheard cry, seeming to absorb the light around it.

Around Northern, the others fought desperately, their expressions a blend of determination and terror.

Alystren’s eyes were wide, panic laced with a dark resolve as he hacked at a beast lunging for him, his blade carving through putrid flesh with a sickening wetness.

He gasped, stumbling back as more monsters pressed in, his breaths ragged, every swing of his weapon tinged with the desperation of a man clinging to the edge of survival.

Jeci moved with graceful ferocity, her attacks precise, her expression a mask of focus despite the chaos around her.

She spun, her spear flashing as it cut through the mist, slicing into the abominations that dared approach her side.

But every victory was fleeting—more creatures replaced those that fell, their stench filling the air, suffocating, relentless.

In the thick of it, Dante slashed forward, his sword cutting arcs of crimson light as he carved a path through the flood.

His face was tense, a bead of sweat tracing down his temple, but his movements were sharp, calculated.

His gaze flicked to Northern every now and then, a mixture of frustration and reluctant respect hardening his features.

Northern moved, his daggers a blur of black and pale red, each strike leaving a shimmer of darkness in its wake.

His attacks were not wild, not rushed—they were calculated, each movement an efficient, lethal sweep.

His Void Tendrils writhed around him, snapping at any creature that drew too close, twisting and tightening like serpents hungry for flesh.

As the tendrils pierced through the monsters, he felt their essence drain, a dark, invigorating energy flooding his veins, rejuvenating him even as his body pushed itself to the edge.

Revant darted through the fray, his gloved hands glowing with a faint, ghostly light.

His fists hammered into the monsters, movements brutal yet precise, his face a mask of stoic fury.

With each impact, a shockwave rippled through the air, shattering bones and tearing through flesh—Revant, despite his fury, fought with discipline, his rage controlled, channeled into each blow.

Alystren stumbled beside Shin, his grip faltering as another creature lunged at him, its mouth wide and fangs dripping with thick, black ooze.

He gritted his teeth, summoning the last of his resolve as he swung his blade, severing the beast’s head in one desperate, shuddering arc.

Beside him, Shin’s face was taut with concentration, his expression unreadable, his gaze flickering with a dark light.

He pressed forward relentlessly, his sword held with both hands, carving through the monstrosities with no resistance at all.

It was like a blade cutting through water. Shin’s movements were minimal; from the way he moved, anyone could gauge the level of his experience.

Even though he had been stuck as a Master for years, he exhibited technicality and dexterity that was almost equal to that of the Paragons on this battlefield.

With swift, short leg movements, his sword would curve through the air like a vicious serpent, tearing into rotten flesh.

Blood splattered on his face and dark-purple armor as he brutally carved his way through the abominations.

Fighting by his side, Alystren brimmed with motivation as he witnessed the mastery of the sword that Shin was displaying.

The funny thing was, Shin wasn’t even using any sword techniques.

Alystren knew what it was like receiving a sword technique from a family heritage; he knew how devastating it could be—it was the best thing about Heritages.

If Shin had used it, he would have seen it, but he didn’t, which meant the seasoned warrior had been fighting with mere calculation of his environment and strategic swinging of his sword.

Of course, all this was possible because Shin had a luxurious knowledge of martial arts and its foundation.

Alystren’s eyes widened as he spotted movement from behind. He suddenly burst forward, spinning in the air and landed with a spine-shattering kick on the back of a monster.

The monster’s maw had been inches away from grazing Shin from behind.

As the creature slammed into the ground, sending webbed cracks running through it, Shin turned back. He looked at Alystren and nodded appreciatively.

In a battle like this, time was precious. Without delay, he plunged his sword forward, piercing into the creature that leaped at him.

He pushed a leg to the side, joining his sword hand to hold the hilt as he brutally tore through—and out of—the monster’s belly.

The sword yanked out furiously, in the same motion slashing across the neck of another monstrosity.

Within that same breath, Shin changed the trajectory of the sword and swung down with a swift pivot of his body, striking the monster that almost gnawed at his legs.

Everything happened in a quick, unbroken succession of speed, his eyes flickering with dark resolve. When some monsters met his gaze with their hollow eyes, they trembled back.

Alystren, seeing Shin’s skill, couldn’t help but be amazed—couldn’t help but feel like he had found a lifeline.

Many people knew of the Kageyama clan. They were a crude existence, responsible for atrocities such as the assassination of important figures, and renowned for their fine swordsmanship.

For the right price, they could kill anyone. They didn’t disclose the identity of their clients, and anyone was welcome to challenge them—of course, nothing but a gruesome death awaited such a person.

And most times, the right price had never included money. In fact, money was the least of what a client had to worry about.

So much information about Shin’s family flooded Alystren’s head as he watched him with awe and simultaneously matched his pace, filling in for places where Shin was blinded.

Witnessing Shin’s abilities like this, and thinking about Ryan and Northern, he couldn’t help but feel like he had been the weakest in the group all along.

He gritted his teeth in pain and cursed internally.

‘Damn, I was stupid.’
_______________________________________

Chapter 573: In The Fray [PART 2]
Lieutenant Dante glanced back, catching the tail end of Northern’s assault, and his grip tightened on his sword, frustration gnawing at him.

He had thought himself to be the strongest amongst them. Trying to understand the unreasonable leap in Northern’s strength in just the short time since he’d left him left his head throbbing with pain.

He couldn’t even confidently vouch for his victory should he go all out against the kid.

Even though he wanted to be stubborn about it, concluding that he might possibly defeat Northern, but he knew the cost would be so great that he would become useless as a Paragon in the future.

That is, if he didn’t die moments after the confrontation.

With such a great destiny standing before him, why should he go ahead and ruin his life by poking a beehive that would do just fine without disturbance?

However, Dante still felt like he had to do something to rein Northern in. If the young lad wouldn’t be a subordinate in his grand dream, then he must make sure that he doesn’t become an obstacle.

With such thoughts finalizing the silent worries in his head, Dante swung out, his sword strike shooting away with red light and destroying every abomination in its path.

The battlefield resonated with a trembling impact; even the red sky seemed to note the terror of such an attack.

Several monsters in a linear path lay blemished and severed in their own flesh and blood, wide, large, clean marks on their bodies, some cleanly cut in twain.

Aside from the main attack, Dante’s sword slash seemed to have spawned children of the same slash, only in minuscule ratio.

Dante wanted to feel proud of himself. But there was no time for pride, no room for wounded egos.

He clenched his jaw, refocusing on the enemies before him, his blade a relentless fury as he drove back the flood, each swing clearing a path, his subordinates rallying to his side.

Shane fought close to Jeci, her breathing labored, sweat glistening on her brow, yet her movements were fierce, determined.

She cast a glance at Northern, something dark and resentful in her gaze, but it was lost in the chaos, her focus shifting back as another creature lunged, her blade slicing upward, spilling dark blood into the mist.

In the distance, Ryan weaved through the melee, ice springing from his hands in jagged, crystalline formations, piercing the creatures that surged toward him.

He fought with a deadly calm, his gaze steady, calculating, yet every so often he’d spare a glance at Northern, a faint flicker of respect mingling with his wariness.

Northern’s Void Tendrils lashed out, ensnaring a statued creature that towered above the others, eyeless, its skin seeming to droop.

He pulled it close, the tendrils tightening, crushing, absorbing every last ounce of its essence.

[You have killed a Disastrous Maelstrom Statue of Sin]

[You have gained +5 talent fragments]

He felt the energy flood into him, a dark pulse that heightened his senses, steadied his limbs.

As if to respond to the fury of his onslaught, several more of the statued monstrosities veered their direction towards him.

And started marching. Northern’s grin deepened, his voice a low, dangerous murmur, barely audible.

“Come on then. I’m not even close to finished.”

Seeing their march was getting too slow for him, Northern leaned forward, gathering an austere amount of momentum that caused the ground beneath his feet to tremble and crack without having even moved yet.

As he lunged forward, not only did the ground resound in a terrible shock wave that sent cracks in all directions and flung away all splinters of broken stones, but the monsters also suffered great damage, their bones wrecking as they were thrown away by the force.

It was like a colossal being bathed in lightning was catapulted into their midst. Northern’s body surged forth with a radiant but dreadful blue light lining his trail. He did not hesitate to weave his dagger even though bathed in so much speed.

Rotten Crimson bodies fell by his movement alone-that was how it looked from the eyes of an onlooker. Northern was so fast that only the pronounced seer and high-rank drifters could see him, high rank meaning at least a Sage.

He leaped into the air, the Void Tendrils wove themselves around his arms and formed a lusterless black gauntlet on both hands.

Northern collided with the head of one; as he did, a massive outburst of his void essence blasted forth from behind, adding force to his collision power.

Northern had used it as powerful momentum to drive his fist, wrapped by the Void gauntlets, into the monster’s head and with brutal and stubborn force, yanked its brains out from

within.

The gruesome display sent a shockwave through the ranks of the monsters, their eyeless faces turning toward Northern with a flicker of hesitation, as if some fragment of fear had wormed its way into their primal instincts.

Blood, dark and thick, splattered across Northern’s gauntlet, dripping down his arm in thick rivulets, but he didn’t pause, didn’t even seem to notice.

He was already moving; as this one slowly went down like a felled tree, Northern leaped toward the next creature, his jump resounding like a powerful clap of thunder.

Another statue-like monstrosity, towering and gnarled with twisted muscle, lurched forward, its mouth a gaping maw lined with jagged teeth.

It swung a massive, clawed arm at Northern, the air vibrating from the force of the strike.

Northern maneuvered in the wind and ducked low, evading with deadly grace, and his Void Tendrils lashed out from his gauntlets, anchoring into the monster’s arm and torso, clamping down with an iron grip as Northern’s feet touched the ground.

With a sharp twist, Northern wrenched the creature’s arm clean off, dark ichor spewing from the wound.

He raised his hand slightly above his head and swung back like he was ready to throw a javelin. From nothing, a warm light of strings appeared in his hands and elongated into a long javelin.

Northern narrowed his eyes and flung forward with his entire body.

The javelin of chaos essence made its way, piercing the wind and everything in its path; several towered maelstroms were left with large gaping holes in their chests, and a mighty

crash resounded beyond the horizon.

Northern watched as five maelstroms crumbled to their knees in one go.

[You have killed a Calamitous Maelstrom Titan of Sin]

[You have gained +10 talent fragments]

[You have killed a Disastrous Maelstrom Statue of Sin]

[You have gained +5 talent fragments]

[You have killed a Calamitous Maelstrom Titan of Sin]

[You have gained +10 talent fragments]

[You have killed a Calamitous Maelstrom Titan of Sin]

[You have gained +10 talent fragments]

[You have killed a Calamitous Maelstrom Titan of Sin]

[You have gained +10 talent fragments]

He felt the familiar, dark pulse of energy infuse his body once more, his senses sharpening,

every fiber of his being thrumming with a dark vitality.

His grin widened, his eyes glinting with an almost unhinged delight. This was the battlefield he had craved, the chaos in which his power thrived.
_______________________________________

Chapter 574: In The Fray [PART 3]
Night Terror and Black Mamba were another set of destruction that fell on the battlefield. The two alone were the core reason why the eastern part of the fray had not swallowed any of their allies under the sheer weight of monstrous numbers.

Black Mamba fought with two long rods, each end honed to a deadly, needle-sharp point, and he wielded them with a wild, ruthless elegance.

Ordinarily, such weapons demanded the control of both hands, but he handled them one- handed, his other hand free to parry, block, or strike with precision.

It was as if his limbs moved with minds of their own, each attack a calculated slice into the enemy ranks.

His strikes were relentless, the rods spinning in his grasp like extensions of his bones, piercing through skulls and torsos with a ferocity that left the creatures recoiling.

A grotesque creature, its face a twisted mass of hollow eyes and slavering jaws, lunged at him, aiming its claws at his exposed flank.

Black Mamba didn’t even turn. Instead, he twisted his body, snapping one rod upward with a brutal, precise flick that punctured the creature’s skull.

With a single pull, he dragged it to the ground, its limbs spasming as it crumpled, lifeless, at his feet. His gaze never wavered from the horde, his eyes cold and focused.

Beside him, Night Terror was a phantom. His form flickered in the bloody mist, his

movements so quick and silent they left only faint ripples in the air.

He wore a thin, chilling smile that didn’t reach his eyes, those eyes fixed on the monsters with an intensity that bordered on serene malice.

His blades were his four crude claws on all four arms, curved and wickedly sharp.

They arced through the air, cutting into flesh with surgical precision. Each strike was a whisper of death-no wasted movement, no sound.

One creature, larger and slower, tried to follow him, its heavy body lurching in his direction, but it staggered as he reappeared at its flank, his claws slicing through its Achilles tendons.

The beast collapsed, unable to find its footing, and Night Terror moved in, his hand driving deep into its spine with a twist that made the creature writhe before it stilled. He grabbed the spine and pulled it out in a gory manner that left a bitter taste in the mouth.

Night Terror and Black Mamba fought together in perfect, unspoken synchrony.

Where Black Mamba carved a path of brute efficiency, Night Terror was ghostly precision.

He capitalized on his openings, slipping into the spaces Black Mamba created, striking the creatures left vulnerable in his wake.

And when he vanished into the mist, Black Mamba would press forward, his attacks widening the chaos, creating gaps he could exploit.

One of the towering monstrosities-covered in scales and bristling spines, different from the ones Northern was fighting-roared and swung a heavy, jagged limb at them.

Black Mamba sidestepped, his rod spinning to meet the creature’s wrist and drive it aside. In the same breath, Night Terror appeared on the beast’s opposite side, all claws curved out and viciously slicing through its exposed throat in a single, clean stroke.

The beast choked on its own blood, its roar faltering as it collapsed.

They continued this way, an endless tide of destruction holding back the flood.

Around them, Dante’s subordinates fought with renewed ferocity, inspired by the deadly ballet unfolding in the mist.

They’d never seen anything like it—a synergy so seamless it bordered on supernatural, each fighter moving with a deadly intent that amplified the other. And more so, they were clearly monsters.

While when the battle first started, they were very cautious of turning their backs to the monsters, as the battle progressed and both monsters had saved their heads not once, not twice, things slowly changed from caution to secretive admiration.

In the thick of it, Black Mamba allowed himself a rare, sharp grin, feeling the thrill of battle surging through him, feeding off Night Terror’s silent, lethal presence.

For a brief moment, he glanced in his direction, a spark of acknowledgment passing between them. Both of them had always had a silent agreement as the strongest in the room, but Black Mamba had also always considered Night Terror the senior.

Of course, there was another one of them considered a pioneer, but he rarely came out to battlefields like this.

Night Terror returned his glance, his grin widening grotesquely just a fraction before he vanished again, slipping through the mist, his next victim already in his sights.

And then they were moving again, a pair of shadows in the bloody haze, a force that defied the horde. Together, they were an unbreakable line, the eastern front holding fast as creatures fell, one after another, their twisted forms littering the ground in a trail of silent, ruthless annihilation.

To the left of Night Terror and Black Mamba, where the air was thick with the stench of blood and decay, Jeci and Lynus held their ground like weathered boulders in a relentless storm.

Both fighters had learned their craft against human foes-duels where every blow was calculated to cripple or kill.

But this was different. Against the twisted monstrosities flooding the battlefield, their techniques took on a raw, brutal edge that suited the mayhem.

Of course, this progress in their battle mastery had not just been by chance. Jeci had put in a lot of work to reach this point; considering how her talent was useless against monsters, she was just like a human in every other sense. Of course, she had the extraordinary strength that drifters were blessed with as they progressed through each soul rank.

And Lynus-there was more that met the eye than his arrogant nature. He was, after all, a genius, even though a pompous one. It didn’t take him long to adapt his style to the battlefield at all.

Jeci gritted her teeth, thrusting her spear forward with a guttural growl as it plunged through the torso of a snarling creature. freeweɓnovēl.coɱ

The beast’s claws flailed, but she held her ground, forcing the spear deeper until its thrashing

stopped.

She wrenched the weapon free, blood splattering across her armor, but there was no hesitation in her movements.

Her grip tightened, and she twisted the spear in a powerful, controlled arc, striking another creature’s skull with a sickening crunch.

She had learned to turn her human-honed instincts into a brutal force, matching the

monsters’ savagery with sheer grit and strength.

Jeci’s face was set in a grim, unyielding expression, her eyes fierce and focused.

Every movement was a testament to her iron will; she’d trained for this, honed herself into a

weapon, knowing her talent offered no advantage here.

Yet, that very limitation had forged her into a raw, relentless fighter. She could not rely on talent abilities or any heritage powers to protect her-just the brutal, unrelenting force of her

strikes and her deep-rooted will to survive.

Beside her, Lynus fought with a deadly precision that was almost surgical. With his long sword in his right hand and a shorter blade in his left, he danced through the battlefield with a calculated, almost mathematical brutality.

Each strike was deliberate, each movement fluid and ruthless. He parried a monstrous claw with his long sword, deflecting the blow just enough to keep his stance, then slashed upward with his short sword, carving into the beast’s neck in one swift, brutal motion.

He moved with an air of cold detachment, as if he were observing the chaos from a distance even while standing in the center of it.

Lynus had always thought of himself as superior, his skill with a blade unmatched-well, until he met Northern.

And on this battlefield, it was as though the only thing he was fighting for was to prove to himself that he could be as good as or even better than Northern.

He would even steal glances back at Northern every now and then and was never disappointed anytime he did so. If anything, when he saw Northern vanquish several towering statued monsters in a row, his body vibrated with the chills of goosebumps, his eyes widened, and he felt adrenaline flow furiously through his entire body.

The next creature that lunged at him suffered greatly. The monster’s gnarled arms reached for his throat, but Lynus was already turning, his short sword driving upward into its abdomen

with a brutal jab.

The creature’s maw opened in a silent scream, and with a twist of his wrist, Lynus drove his long sword through its neck, severing its head cleanly.

His movements were swift, unfeeling, a display of mastery that left a grim silence in the wake

of every kill as he flowed in and out of every monster in a brutal spray of gore and ichor in arcs.
_______________________________________

Chapter 575: In The Fray [PART 4]
Jeci watched him out of the corner of her eye, her respect for his skill mingled with a lingering irritation at his ego.

She fought alongside him, her spear stabbing forward with renewed ferocity, their movements complementing each other in a rugged, boorish harmony.

Where Lynus was cold and precise, Jeci was raw and forceful, the two of them forging a path through the swarm with a synergy that surprised even them.

A particularly hulking beast, with a back covered in bony protrusions and a mouth dripping with foul-smelling saliva, barreled toward them.

Jeci took a step back, bracing herself, but Lynus moved in without hesitation.

He sidestepped the creature’s wild swipe, his short sword slicing across its exposed belly.

As it stumbled, Jeci lunged forward, thrusting her spear into its chest with all the strength she could muster.

The creature gurgled, staggering as blood pooled from the wound, and Lynus finished it with a swift, merciless strike to the neck.

Both of them did not look at each other; if anything, they seemed to not want to. Things were slightly awkward, but it did not seem to affect the synergy that they produced.

If anything, it seemed like being taught the same basics of swordsmanship, art, and act of killing had come to create a common ground for both of them to coexist-however, only on the battlefield.

This was a different kind of fight than they’d ever known, a battle where their finely tuned techniques were forced to adapt to survive.

And yet, in this raw, brutal setting, they found a strange rhythm, a deadly dance born out of necessity and honed by sheer force of each of their wills, however vastly different they may be.

For every creature that came at them, there was only one outcome: a swift, merciless death. Amidst the relentless tide of abominations, Dante’s subordinates-Rafel, Shane, and Hansel -held their ground with steadfast determination.

Even though they lagged behind, each of them brought unique prowess to the battlefield. Their combined skills formed a bulwark against the encroaching horrors.

Hansel stood like a fortress, his bulky stature imposing amongst the Rabid Rots.

Clad in reinforced armor that blended well with his full helmet and full arm gauntlet, he gleamed with a soft silvery radiance.

With every swing of his massive fists, the very air crackled. A creature lunged at him, its maw wide and dripping with venom.

Hansel met it head-on, his gauntleted fist connecting with a thunderous impact that echoed across the battlefield.

The monster’s skull caved in under the force, its body hurtling backward and crashing into others, toppling them like grotesque dominoes.

He laughed a deep, booming sound that seemed out of place amid the carnage but spoke volumes of his indomitable spirit.

“Is that all you’ve got?” he roared, slamming his fists together.

For some reason, all of them could feel a strange and unexplainable adrenaline surging through their veins. Everyone had thought this would be a battle where they’d be fighting for their lives.

But strangely, that didn’t seem to be the case; everyone seemed to be so deep into the fray that no one seemed to care about dying compared to when the battle had just started.

Sparks flew from his gauntlets, and he charged into a cluster of beasts, each punch sending shockwaves that shattered bones and ruptured organs.

Hansel was a living battering ram, his sheer physicality a devastating weapon against the horde.

Rafel moved in stark contrast-a blur of motion weaving through the chaos with uncanny agility.

His twin daggers flashed like silver streaks, each precise strike finding gaps in the monsters’ defenses.

Where Hansel was force, Rafel was finesse. A beast swiped at him with a gnarled claw, but he slid beneath the attack, slicing the tendons in its leg as he passed.

The creature collapsed, and without breaking stride, Rafel leaped onto its back, driving his daggers into the base of its skull.

His movements were almost dance-like, each step calculated, each strike deliberate.

Rafel’s eyes were sharp, constantly assessing, anticipating the flow of battle.

He darted between monsters, his lithe form untouchable as he delivered death with every flick of his blades.

At times, he seemed to vanish entirely, only to reappear behind an enemy, his daggers already biting into flesh.

Shane fought nearby, her sword a whirlwind of steel and fury.

In this battlefield, she embodied a balance between Hansel’s brute strength and Rafel’s swift precision.

Her blade sang as it cut through the air, each swing powered by honed skill and relentless drive.

A monstrous creature with elongated limbs and razor-like claws descended upon her.

She met it with a parry, the clash of metal against bone ringing out. Sparks flew as she deflected its strikes, her footwork precise as she maneuvered into an opening.

With a swift motion, she sliced across its abdomen, the blade cutting deep. The beast howled, and she silenced it with a thrust through its heart.

Sweat mingled with blood on her brow, but her gaze remained unyielding, boiling with pain

and disgust.

Shane pushed forward, her sword an extension of herself.

When two more beasts charged her, she spun gracefully, her blade tracing a lethal arc that severed limbs and opened throats.

She was a tempest on the battlefield, her resolve as unbreakable as the steel she wielded.

The three of them, though different in their approaches, moved with an unspoken coordination forged through countless battles together.

Hansel would draw the brunt of the assault, his imposing presence and devastating punches

creating openings.

Rafel capitalized on these, slipping into the fray to eliminate threats before they could

regroup.

Shane anchored their formation, her swordplay maintaining the rhythm of their assault and ensuring no creature breached their defenses.

A particularly massive Rabid Rot-a writhing mass of tentacles plunging out of its mammalian body-loomed over Hansel.

It struck with unnatural speed, tentacles whipping toward him. Hansel crossed his gauntlets,

blocking the initial impact but getting pushed back by the force.

“A little help here!” he barked, digging his heels into the ground.

Rafel appeared at the creature’s flank, his daggers slicing through the tentacles with surgical

precision.

“Keep it steady!” he shouted.

The beast recoiled, its tentacles flailing wildly. Seizing the moment, Shane dashed forward,

her sword glowing with a soft red luminescence.

She leaped, channeling all her strength into a downward strike that cleaved the creature’s

central mass.

However, the creature was faster than she had calculated; with blurring speed, the

abomination collided with her, both of them reeling through the battlefield with a trembling

impact.

Everyone else was attracted by the noise, but to give two fucks was to lose one’s head.

They were all engaged in dangerous moments of their own, fighting earnestly to survive the next second while at the same time enjoying it.
_______________________________________

Chapter 576: In The Fray [PART 5]
The massive Rabid Rot recovered from its collision with Shane, its tentacles writhing with renewed fury.

Shane gritted her teeth as she struggled to her feet, clutching her side where the beast’s impact had struck.

Blood trickled down her arm, staining her fingers, but her eyes remained fierce, unwavering. She pushed herself up, tightening her grip on her sword.

Hansel and Rafel positioned themselves around the creature, forming a loose triangle with Shane.

Having dealt with numerous smaller Rabid Rots in the vicinity, they finally had free space. The ground beneath them was littered with the rotten flesh of their fallen foes.

Moreover, the other groups actively kept the mass of monsters too busy to branch out. It was just their misfortune to stumble upon this one.

“We have to be careful, it’s a devil…”

Hansel furrowed his brow-though unseen-the concern resonating in his tone.

“A devil? You mean a Devilish Hellion?”

“I’m pretty sure I didn’t stutter…” Even on the battlefield, leave it to Rafel to be sassy. Their breaths were ragged, their bodies already bruised and battered from the earlier skirmishes.

But now, all three of them knew they were up against something different-something vicious and dangerously intelligent, with a relentless hunger that glinted in its eyes.

In the dark depths of the only opening in Hansel’s helmet, a red light ignited.

“Well, we have no choice. We can’t be a burden to the Lieutenant,” Hansel growled, his voice a mixture of pain and resolve.

He raised his gauntlets, the metal’s gleam transitioning from silvery white to a blood-red light. “We can bring it down together.”

The creature lunged, its tentacles snapping toward them with lightning speed.

Hansel threw up his arms, deflecting two of the limbs with a brutal swing, but the impact sent a shock through his body. His muscles strained under the force.

Another tentacle whipped around and struck him across the chest, sending him staggering backward, his armor dented and groaning under the blow.

Rafel darted in from the side, his daggers flashing as he sliced through one of the tentacles. He moved with a dancer’s grace, slipping beneath the creature’s strikes and driving his blade deep into its side.

But as soon as he struck, another tentacle lashed out, catching him across the shoulder with a sickening crack.

He stumbled, a grimace twisting his face as blood began to seep through his torn armor.

“Damn thing’s faster than it looks,” Rafel spat, gripping his injured shoulder.

Despite the pain, he pushed himself back into position, his gaze sharp, calculating.

He could feel the adrenaline surging through him, but he knew it was only a matter of time before exhaustion would take its toll.

The creature, seemingly emboldened by the injuries it had inflicted, reared back, its tentacles writhing in a frenzy.

Shane, her breathing labored, stepped forward, her sword raised in defiance.

Her gaze locked onto the beast, her mind racing through every possible strike and angle.

There was a different light in her eyes-she was furious, furious at everything-but her gaze radiated a strange calmness.

Something that made even the beast glare deeply into her, its frenzy becoming subtle. It seemed to understand the shift in the air.

With a cry, she charged, swinging her sword in a wide arc aimed at the creature’s central mass.

The blade, bathed with a swirling red light, connected, carving a deep, jagged wound along its side.

But before she could pull back, a tentacle coiled around her arm, yanking her off balance.

She gasped as the beast’s hold tightened, her muscles screaming in protest as it began to crush her arm.

Hansel saw his chance and lunged, his gauntlets crackling with red light.

He drove his fists into the tentacle wrapped around Shane, pummeling it until it loosened just enough for her to wrench herself free.

But the monster retaliated, two more tentacles crashing down onto Hansel’s back, forcing him to the ground.

He grunted, his face contorted in pain, but he planted his fists against the earth and pushed himself back up, refusing to stay down.

“We’re wearing it down,” he muttered, though he could barely convince himself of the words. Blood trickled from the corner of his mouth, and he could feel bruises blossoming under his

armor.

His body was starting to rebel, each movement slower, each punch taking more out of him. Rafel, his breath coming in short gasps, seized on the creature’s momentary distraction.

He darted in again, aiming for its exposed underbelly. His dagger drove deep, twisting as he tried to do as much damage as possible.

But the creature screeched, its tentacles flailing wildly, and one of them caught him across the back, throwing him to the ground.

He landed hard, the impact jolting through his bones, leaving him dazed, his vision

swimming.

“Rafel!” Shane shouted, rushing forward despite the pain in her arm.

Her sword exploded with an even more radiant light, several mirages of red light swords appearing beside it as she wielded it with a defiant glare.

She swung her sword at the creature, and all the mirages followed.

The blades bit into the Devilish Rabid Rot’s flesh, causing blood to splatter out in several fountains, but the creature retaliated, a tentacle wrapping around her waist and lifting her off

her feet.

She struggled, gasping as the tentacle tightened, squeezing the breath from her lungs.

Hansel, seeing his comrades in danger, forced himself back into the fray, his gauntlets

blazing.

He roared as he charged, slamming his fists into the tentacle holding Shane.

With a bone-jarring impact, he drove the limb away, freeing her, but the effort left him

vulnerable.

A tentacle slammed into his side, sending him crashing to the ground with a sickening thud. He coughed, blood flecking his lips as he struggled to rise.

The creature, now bleeding from multiple wounds, seemed almost enraged, its tentacles thrashing with desperate fury.

It lunged at them all at once, tentacles splitting off to target each of them. Rafel, still reeling, barely rolled out of the way, his shoulder aching with every movement.

Shane managed to parry one tentacle but was struck by another across her back, forcing her to

her knees.

Hansel, battered but relentless, met the creature head-on, his gauntlets colliding with its

mass in a thunderous clash.

But even their combined might seemed to only anger the beast further. It reared back, its tentacles poised for a final, devastating strike.

All three of them, wounded and exhausted, braced themselves, their resolve unbroken despite their injuries. They struggled to stand, their eyes burning.

“Since it has come to this… we probably should use our ultimate cards,” Hansel suggested.

“The Captain warned us against that. Should it come down to it, we should not use our

strongest weapon just to preserve our lives,” Rafel protested.

“Hey, help me here? Everyone isn’t even glancing our way. What do we do? How did we even

stray away from the Lieutenant’s side?”

With a swarm of abominations like this one, Hansel knew it wasn’t far-fetched. They had

been so engrossed in the battle that they had forgotten to maintain awareness of their

surroundings.

“I’d rather die than disobey his orders.” Shane gripped her sword tighter, that defiant look on

her face growing more dangerous.

The creature finally had enough of them, coiled all its tentacles together, and exploded

forward.

None of them were expecting such boosting speed.

None of them was able to react. It was apparent that they were going to die.

However, a shimmering spear of warm light suddenly plunged through the monster, dismantling it, gore for gore.
_______________________________________

Chapter 577: Finally
All three of them were thrown like ragdolls by the sheer impact of the light spear. They reeled and rolled away, mingling with several corpses.

Their bodies were smeared in the monster’s stinking blood, but they didn’t mind the smell- not at a moment like this when they needed to urgently discern the cause of that tremendous impact.

The wind had cleared, and the ground oozed with smoke. Their faces twisted in confusion as they feebly walked toward their initial position.

‘What in the world of Ul was that?’ Shane inquired internally as they-each in their confused state-drew nearer.

Northern landed with a resounding thud, the ground trembling with webbed cracks.

He looked at them with a cold, expressionless face, the depth of his gaze hinting at disgust. All three of them were too awestruck to say anything.

‘Why? Why is he here? I thought he said he was going to take care of the western…’

Before finishing the thought, Shane slowly turned her head, eyes moving beyond Northern’s frame to take a good look at the other area of the battlefield.

Their faces paled immediately-Shane first, then the others followed. It turned out she wasn’t the only one curious about his presence.

The other half of the expanse where Northern had volunteered to take care of had been totally eradicated.

All the monsters there were dead, brutally reduced to broken puzzles of flesh marred by a ghastly blood mire.

Northern exhaled.

“It was quite an unfortunate fate to have come across a Devilish hellion. But three Masters should have been able to take care of this-nonetheless, for some dumb reason, you guys are preserving your strength.”

They were silent, their gazes frozen with respect, feeling as if their mouths had suddenly been sewn together with metallic thread.

“Anyway, the battle is pretty much over… for now.”

Dante and everyone else were about to round up. The Lieutenant was suspended in the sky, delivering his last strike to the Destroyer of the Red Mist.

His sword came down with his figure, unleashing a devastating onslaught that sliced the Destroyer in a linear and perfect body ratio.

Not spared a second to gasp in death, the abomination of the red mist tore in twain, dark blood splattering in all directions.

‘He is a Paragon alright,’ Northern complimented Dante with his eyes and silent thoughts. He looked over at his own area one more time, proud of himself and his growth.

To think he alone was able to wreak such havoc on the battlefield without anyone’s help.

The eastern wing had all the numbers while Northern was alone. If anyone should be finishing later, it should have been him.

However, not only had he finished quickly, but he had also moved over to lend a helping hand. ‘I’m so nice, really.’

“But h-how?” Rafel, still devastated by shock, stammered.

Northern’s eyes drifted to them, slight irritation hidden behind them.

A smile rose on his lips, dissipating any hint of other emotions and displaying a comely but strange demeanor.

“How what?” Northern asked, somehow easing the tense atmosphere.

“H-how did you do it? You killed everyone…”

Northern nodded consentingly.

“You are right indeed. It hasn’t even been an hour, but I’ve slain all the monsters. That is thanks to my wide-area skill that allows me to deliver a cut that only the monsters can

receive. Well, since I became a Sage, it’s a lot more complicated than that.”

They were all shocked by how he was answering their questions.

Northern observed them for a moment and raised a brow. ƒreeωebnovel.ƈom

“What?”

“Is it… okay to tell us about your abilities?” Rafel stammered still.

‘Oh right, people don’t just go about revealing their talents and abilities.’

He shrugged nonchalantly.

“It changes nothing. Even if you know it, if you were supposed to be my enemy, you’d still be helpless against it.”

Northern sounded pompous, but it was the rude truth. Black Flame and Black Lance were both abilities of Chaos that couldn’t be defended against.

At least not by a bunch of Masters, let alone with the immense boost in productivity and proficiency they received since he became a Sage.

And so what if they found a way to block it? They’d still never defeat him; he had an arsenal of

skills to use.

And he was about to gain one more.

Northern smiled delightedly at their frozen faces.

“If you’ll excuse me.”

He turned away and leaped into the air, diving toward the part of the battlefield where Ryan

was.

From the aerial view, everything had gotten quite scanty. It was very impressive – he was an anomaly, but a couple of drifters being able to push back the flood of monsters this much without losing anyone was no small feat.

Even his father was no slouch either.

Northern was sincerely pleased with what he was seeing… however…

‘It’s not enough.’

He didn’t know why, but he felt like if the underworld were to come to this world, none of them would be enough to fight them.

A Master of the Underworld was twice stronger than that of Trael, same as it was for every other rank, and the thought of being on the weaker side honestly irritated him.

‘Or should I move to the underworld?’ The thought jokingly passed through his mind as he

landed.

Then again, Northern remembered: it wasn’t like the Central Plains was the only continent in

Ul’Trael.

There were originally three continents.

The Central Plains, The Northern Continent, and the Eastern Continent.

Stelia was forcefully torn out of the Central Plains and formerly existed as a faraway island.

But now Northern was inclined to think it had all been Rughsbourgh’s plan from the

beginning.

‘He probably contributed to them making it a continent because of the atrocious and evil acts

he wanted to commit.’

Northern felt his insides boil with the thought. In a quick second, everything that had

happened flashed before his eyes.

Then something belatedly came to his notice.

‘Koll and his master are probably from the underworld too… and were moved to our world

through a rift.’

His brows furrowed for a moment as his thoughts progressed.

‘Did that mean Rughsbourgh also knew about the Underworld?’

Of course he did. If someone like him was able to find out, then Rughsbourgh must have

known.

Northern’s eyes narrowed.

‘Or even worse… he might have discovered a way to go there…’

This rift, after all, was an elf’s crazy attempt to escape. That would mean it was very possible

to control rifts.

Rughsbourgh could do it; someone from the underworld could do it too.

‘I should be able to do it too…’ Northern thought, his eyes sparkling.

But right now, there was something else he wanted to concern himself with.

[You have discovered Talent FrostHeart(SSS)]

[Do you want to copy Talent for 5,000 talent fragments?]

‘Finally.’

Northern grinned and nodded. “Yes.”

[Congratulations, you have copied Talent: FrostHeart (SSS)]

[Due to System New Unique Ability (DIY), Talent will undergo some changes to suit the nature

of Chaos and Void]
_______________________________________

Chapter 578: What A Migraine!
Northern stared down.

“Right. This.”

He hadn’t forgotten, but had not kept in mind, that the system Copycat gained another Unique ability called DIY.

The ability was just something that happened because of Chaos and Void.

It explained that any abilities he copied would undergo subtle changes to suit the nature of Chaos and Void.

The real boon of the unique ability was when those copied talents became owned talents. They took on different natures and routes to growth entirely.

Neglecting the so-called culture of soul rank growth that he had known and embracing stark unpredictability.

Seeing this now made Northern’s heart leap with joy. But something still bothered him. He squinted his eyes at the floating panel for a minute, suspicion oozing from his gaze.

Ryan approached him, fatigue etched upon his face, his breath ragged with heavy pants raising and dropping his shoulders.

“I didn’t need your help,” Ryan frowned.

Northern looked at him, his expression becoming bleak. He examined him from top to bottom and then bottom to top before replying.

“I didn’t come here to help you, I came to steal something from you.”

“Steal something from me?” Ryan repeated in confusion.

“Oh right. I want to ask, do you mind telling me how many items you got from this raid?”

Ryan looked at him tentatively, lingering before he inquired.

“Why would you ask that? Did you not receive yours?”

Northern raised two fingers.

“I received just two.”

Ryan’s eyes immediately widened. “What? That’s impossible.”

Northern nodded. “Yes, it is. The ratio of items I received has drastically dropped since I was in the dark continent.”

Ryan folded his arms, eyes growing distant as his awareness dove into his thoughts for a moment.

He looked at Northern again, his eyes hinting at disbelief-but why would Northern lie to him?

He sighed and shook his head.

“Well, that’s sad. I received about fifteen or so items.” His eyes observed Northern with a glare as he continued, “I guess it’s not far-fetched; there has to be a kind of punishment for the immense strength that you have. I can’t imagine someone like you having the power of items-that would just be straight-up crazy.”

Northern shrugged. “I am flattered, boy.”

“Don’t call me boy,” Ryan retorted angrily.

“You should ease yourself up and take as much time to rest; this might be the least dangerous battle in this rift.”

He was about to turn away but suddenly turned back, tapping his temple with a finger as he remembered something.

“Oh right, right. Do you happen to know a renowned blacksmith? I’m talking about an incredible blacksmith known throughout the entire continent, if possible the world.”

Ryan tilted his head for a moment, several thoughts running through his mind at Northern’s question.

“Well, there are a few, but I hear that none of them compare to the Northerners.”

“The Northerners?”

“Yes, the Northern continent. Blacksmiths there have been the only ones to be successful in creating an item. That means their work fell under the same gratification of items Ul blesses us with when we slay monsters. Every renowned blacksmith in Central Plains is just known for the effectiveness of their mundane and mediocre items.”

“Hmmm,” Northern rubbed his chin as Ryan’s words sank in. He looked at the gentle and pale boy before him with a good smile.

“Thank you, boy.”

“Do not call me boy!” Ryan growled.

But Northern turned away, waving his hands and said:

“You should get some rest; we will depart in an hour or two.”

“Who are you to call that shot?”

Lieutenant Dante and the others were walking toward him and Ryan.

Everyone looked toughened up, beaten and battered, but no one seemed to be in perilous danger.

“I didn’t call any shot. I was talking to Ryan. I leave in an hour or two- I might be strong but I need to rest too, and pick up all these soul cores. It’s okay for you guys to go… if you can go on without me, that is…”

Northern’s gaze, like an insidious and cunning snake, crawled into the Lieutenant’s soul, faintly emitting defiance.

Lieutenant Dante was suddenly speechless. He cleared his throat and looked away.

“Indeed, we have to pick up the soul cores. Rest and see if we can progress in strength by absorbing them before approaching the inner depths of the rift.”

Dante said, looking around at the fallen corpses that littered the ground.

“Yes. But please, we are only picking cores that we each killed. I’ll pick the other side, while you face your side.”

Lieutenant Dante raised a brow.

“Hey now, is that how selfish you are? Won’t you need any help?”

Northern shut his eyes and forced a smile.

“No sir. I. Won’t. Need. Any…”

The Lieutenant looked at him in silence and shook his head pitifully.

“That’s quite a character flaw you have there. No one will take your fragments. Get help.”

“No.”

Northern’s reply was stalwart.

It made the Lieutenant back off.

“Suit yourself then.”

Ryan looked at Northern and then at Dante; he sighed and broke out his voice.

“He has clones that can do it for him.”

Lieutenant Dante frowned, surprise etching wearily on his face.

He shifted his focus to Ryan.

“What do you mean?”

Ryan shrugged helplessly.

“It’s what you heard he has clones that can help him do his things. Many clones at that.”

“But I thought that black tentacles thing that comes out of your body is your talent ability,”

Dante voiced, his tone tinged with growing shock.

Northern looked at him uninterested, not responding at all.

Ryan shook his head painfully and said:

“Trying to understand him is like trying to understand migraine. The more you think about it, freёwebnovel.com

the more it spreads. It’s easier to just accept and move on.”

The Paragon stared, life flowing out of his face.

‘What is this? Does he have two talents? How does he have a cloning ability and have the black

tendrils too? Or are they linking from the same talent?’

Confusion made its nest in the Paragon’s mind. He continued to stare at Northern-who turned away and left to start picking cores-with trembling eyes.
_______________________________________

Chapter 579: Arousing Suspicion
For the next couple of minutes, everyone walked around harvesting cores.

The first thing everyone was taught upon becoming a Walker was how to tear monster corpses apart and extract their cores.

Everyone was very busy harvesting cores… and sending glances over to the several Northerns doing the same on the other side of the expanse.

All of them had different expressions on their faces.

“I thought his ability was offense-based. You know, like the black tentacles from earlier?” Hansel voiced, pacing and staring at Northern.

“Did you see the burning light that pierced that monster?” Rafel intoned, bewilderment lighting up in his eyes.

“I didn’t really see it. But its force was tremendous-it sent all of us flying away before we could register what was happening.”

“Seriously. That was insane. Hans, is this guy even as old as us? And he’s already that strong?”

“I heard that dude Alystren saying to the captain that he’s one of those guys that just came back from the dark continent.”

Rafel’s eyes widened. “What? Really? Bro… I thought that was some kind of propaganda shit nations wanted to use to bring down the academy.”

“Well, I actually didn’t believe it either. The truth was not many people believed that a couple of students were sent to the middle of that disaster, much less by the former academy principal who had been principal for over a hundred and fifty years.”

Hansel breathed and bent down, using a small dagger to tear the flesh of a Rabid Rot as he continued, his breath paced by the strain of what he was doing.

“Moreover, the families didn’t seem to care too much. I mean, your kids were taken and minimal effort was put into getting them back. It’s almost as if they didn’t try hard to make the lie believable.”

He removed the four cores one after the other, handing them to Rafel who dumped them into a coffer at his feet.

He responded.

“But now that survivors are making it back, we know it is true. It just so happens that at the same time, the former academy principal is also not around. Don’t you find something fishy?”

“Whatever fishy it is, it won’t matter if that man comes back as the first Luminary in seven hundred years.”

“You really think he will be the first? Or rather, he is?”

Hansel paused for a moment, looking up at Rafel with a slight frown.

“What do you mean?”

Rafel shrugged. “I mean, I’m just saying, we don’t know much about the Northern and Eastern continents. What part of history we have is only what the Central Plains have been since the day the world became divided. Then there’s Reimgard-they say a single one of their princes is enough to subjugate a citadel. And moreover, there’s the first princess who is a Paragon. Are you now saying almost all his sons and daughters are Paragons, Ascendants and Sages, and he too will be a Paragon?”

“And what’s wrong with that?”

Rafel shrugged again. “Nothing. But it just doesn’t feel right. Aren’t they basically all the same, and won’t the children grow balls to challenge and overthrow their father? I mean, there has to be a reason why Reimgard is very private with their affairs.”

“So you think…?”

“I’m just saying, how can we be so sure that the former academy principal will be the first Luminary in a while? When there’s a country that keeps its matters very private and lets the world know only what they need to know, then there are two other continents which we have no idea about at all. I mean, we have to be realistic.”

“Realistically speaking, you guys have been yapping like hell and barely even done anything.”

Shane’s voice entered, startling the two.

Hansel stood up, looking at the lady’s pale face.

“Are you okay? You don’t look okay.”

“I am fine. I’ve taken first aid; the wound will get better. You guys should round up on your end so we can absorb the cores and rest. Doing that will make me more okay.”

She muttered the last part and was about to walk away but stopped and turned back.

“And quit yapping about nonsense. We have more to do than all this!” She yelled, then walked away.

“Tch.”

Both of them smacked their lips and focused more on what they were doing but still yapped every now and then, only now more silently.

Shin stood at the edge of the havoc of corpses that Northern had propagated.

He carefully observed with a ruminating expression as several clones of his son walked about, picking up cores and disappearing with them.

“What is wrong? Does he terrify you now?” Alystren said as he arrived at his side.

Shin did not answer immediately; a few beats passed before he shook his head.

“He is amazing…”

Alystren chuckled; he seemed to be in a better mood than when he entered this rift, now that their chances of survival seemed to have spiraled upward.

“Well, you don’t need to tell me.”

“That is my talent that he awakened, I can remember. But he has gotten so much better with

it. I can’t ever imagine reaching a phase like that.”

Alystren’s brows furrowed; he averted his eyes from the moving clones and turned to Shin.

“What do you mean?”

Shin glanced at the old joker’s worked-up face.

“I have a talent called Advanced Cloning. When I move up the soul rank, the number of clones I can make increases by one. It’s not really impressive when you look at it, but its usefulness on the battlefield is explosive for someone like me. When Northern awakened, he awakened with my abilities. I never imagined being able to create such a magnanimous amount of clones. He really has advanced it more than I ever thought possible. He is amazing.”

Alystren’s frown deepened.

“No. That’s impossible. It’s impossible for him to awaken with your talent. You don’t understand-the details of our soul core are so intricate that no two talents of the same kind

can exist in two people.”

“Well, maybe it’s not really the same. But something like it,” Shin replied, nonchalantly displacing the suspicion Alystren was trying to raise.

‘If Shin is using a clone ability, why didn’t he use it in battle?’ The curiosity suddenly piqued his mind, but something else was of more important concern.

Northern awakened with his father’s kind of ability? How often does a phenomenon like this

happen?

Alystren was willing to bet his all that this was not the case. It was a thought, just a thought. But what if Northern could copy talent abilities?
_______________________________________

Chapter 580: Spiritual Force
The masses of corpses were gathered together and frozen by Ryan, forming a four-cornered wall of sorts to protect them from any sudden attack.

Each of them sat back-to-back with a certain number of cores in front, which were given after they had divided the cores equally.

There was a certain style and technique that was usually employed during essence absorption from soul cores.

And to keep drifters from copying each other’s technique, it was advisable that two drifters should back each other when absorbing soul cores.

Of course, they weren’t just backing each other. They were sitting in a circle, but each person’s back was faced against another in such a way that it was a bit stressful to look at the person beside them—at least not when busy absorbing soul essence from cores.

Even Shin, Ryan, Alystren, Jeci, and Lynus were involved.

Northern and Dante stood above the wall while they watched the others as they absorbed their soul cores.

Silence persisted between the two of them for a while. Then the Lieutenant spoke.

“Why are you not absorbing all the soul cores you’ve collected?”

Northern was silent for a beat, then he shrugged.

“Soul cores are more expensive and useful when traded.”

The Lieutenant raised a brow and looked at Northern. “That’s surprisingly low thinking. You do realize that the people you are trading them to are buying them because they want to absorb them.”

“Which is good for them. I don’t need to absorb soul cores in order to grow.”

As Northern said this, Dante’s eyes widened; a moment later, he opened his mouth with a small grin. fгeewebnovёl.com

“So you are one of those?”

Northern narrowed his eyes. “One of what?”

Dante’s gaze rested on him for a short while, his eyes scrutinizing all of Northern’s features to find any hints of pretense.

But Northern’s gaze was sincerely inquisitive, and Dante could clearly see that.

He sighed and looked downward at the circle of people sitting cross-legged with cores between their comfortably resting hands.

“You really do not know…” His gaze slowly came back to Northern, the corner of his lips curving up to give a small smirk.

“No, I don’t. What are you talking about?”

The Lieutenant looked forward to the horizon; he seemed to be taking his time, a strange gaze rising in his eyes.

“There is uncommon knowledge about soul essence. It started as a postulated theory.”

“A postulated theory?” Northern tilted his head a bit as he focused on the Lieutenant, thinking, ‘Why am I getting scientific vibes from this…’

“The theory postulated that soul essence is not just soul essence. There is something called a spiritual force. And this spiritual force stands like a canopy that branches out into other forces -soul force is just one of the other forces. Then in soul force, we have soul core, soul essence, and talents. The theory establishes the possibility of the existence of other forces and their properties.”

Northern could sense the lines connecting as Lieutenant Dante continued.

“It was all a protected hidden theory until ten years ago, when another force was found in a rift resource.”

Northern squinted his eyes a bit as he thought about what the Lieutenant had just said before he eventually voiced what he did not understand.

“What do you mean it was found in rift resources?”

“It’s simple-if you don’t understand something like that, it means you don’t have even the most minimal knowledge that a drifter should have before venturing into a rift.”

Northern nodded. “Yeah, it sort of happened.”

“Sort of happened?” The Lieutenant looked at him strangely.

Then he sighed, as if letting go of the thought in his head.

“Rift resources are of different kinds and types. Their special trait most times is derived from the kind of environment they’re exposed to while in the rift.”

“I know pretty much that.”

“Good for you. What you probably don’t know is that those resources have essence-it is their essence that makes it possible for them to develop special abilities from being exposed to rifts over a long period of time. So, every resource gotten from rifts has faint essence in them; however faint it is, it’s detectable.”

He paused for a bit.

“Have you heard of empty rifts?”

Northern looked at him, answering, “I’m not sure, but judging from the name, it’s an empty rift?”

“Yes. An empty one. It seems like a ruin more than a rift, but it’s totally empty, no monsters at all, however symbolizing the existence of an old civilization. That is where the theory comes that rifts are dimensional fragments of places breaking into our own dimension.” Northern would have accepted that notion if he hadn’t met Sura and learned better.

These people and their theories were plausible, but he had realized what rifts were from meeting Sura.

Rifts are the line in-between. However, it is very possible that that line in between continues to leak two dimensions now in particular-the world below and the world above-into each

other.

Northern wanted to believe that it was possible for the back door of a rift to lead to the underworld. But where would one find the backdoor?

“Judging by your look, you have heard this before…”

Northern smiled shortly. “Well, being in the dark continent, I heard a lot about what rifts are in our countless attempts to live.”

“I see… Ten years ago, an empty rift was found—a ruin that we had never seen even in the history of finding empty rifts. And a purer kind of essence was found. This essence was further termed as Divine essence, hence Divine force. Not much has been discovered about Divine essence since then, and so it has remained as a protected theory.”

Northern nodded his head subtly in understanding. He didn’t expect that a random conversation like this was going to help him better understand what his ability was.

“I am sincerely grateful,” he responded politely.

“Are you?”

Northern stared at the Lieutenant, lingering before he responded, “I am.”

“Then do you think you can do me a favor?”

‘I darned expected that crap. He knew what he was doing since he opened his mouth and

started talking.’