Chapter 581: One Wish
“Of course, I didn’t actually expect that you told me all of that for free. You had to be laying groundwork of some sort.”

Northern fixed the man with a glare.

“What do you want?”

Lieutenant Dante studied his eyes for a moment and smiled faintly, his eyes half-closing.

“Please do not look so wary. I am not going to ask you to join my soldiers.”

Northern furrowed his brows, his pupils focusing heavily on the Lieutenant. “You were going to ask that?”

“Ask what? What? I’m not asking anything…”

“Then what do you want?” Northern inquired seriously.

The Lieutenant took a breath and observed everyone doing their thing down there. He narrowed his eyes for a bit, then spoke.

“It looks like your father is close to breaking into maverick rank…”

Northern narrowed his eyes toward his father. It was easy for him to see the content of his father’s and everyone else’s souls, which was somehow even better than when he could see them in letters.

Of course, he could still do that if he wanted. It was just that now, he could see the soul cores and see the saturation of soul essence in them.

Shin’s soul core had an almost dark color and was shaped like a pyramid; Ryan’s soul core seemed like a flame sculpted from the fragment of a clear blue sky. It had a strange beauty.

Northern didn’t quite expect his soul core to look like a flame. He was even a bit surprised that everyone’s soul core was starkly different from the others.

It was understandable-with such great detail to every soul core, it was impossible for two same talents to exist in different people.

And then, there’s him.

He looked at Shin one more time, smiled, and muttered, “It’s about time.”

Shin had probably been stuck as a Master for close to or perhaps over twenty years. Northern was sincerely happy he was progressing.

He brought his eyes back to focus on the Lieutenant.

“So…?”

“Ah, right, look at me spacing out.” His voice died down for a moment. His gaze carried a solemn seriousness; there was this intangible authority that lingered on his entire face. He resumed.

“What I want is a wish.”

“A wish?” Northern raised a brow, confused.

“Yes, a wish. Don’t worry, it’s nothing like me trying to defraud you. You would have three equal wishes. Anything you want right now, I would do it, no matter what it is. And I want you to do the same.”

Northern narrowed his eyes.

“Anything at all? You will do?”

The Lieutenant nodded with a small smile.

“Yes, anything at all.”

A broad grin appeared on Northern’s lips. Then he belatedly took reins of his emotion, erasing the smile from his face.

“What are you onto? You say you are not trying to defraud me, but you are saying I should give you the one-moment ticket of me being totally vulnerable to you.”

The Lieutenant’s face was focused down.

“Well, it depends on how you look at it. I am also giving you that opportunity to do the same to me. Isn’t there something you want from me? A paragon?”

“So is that to say there’s something you want from me?”

“No, but I am not ruling out the fact that I will want something from you in the future.”

Northern scrunched up his face, still suspicious of Lieutenant Dante’s actions, but the Lieutenant was right. ƒreewebɳovel.com

There was something he wanted from the Lieutenant so badly. In fact, it was not just one thing.

“I will comply on one condition.”

The Lieutenant’s face finally turned to Northern.

“Not two, but three? That’s quite a lot.”

“It’s fine if you don’t want to do it; I’m not insisting. You are the one that came to me with this…”

The Lieutenant smiled and turned away from Northern.

“It’s fine. We can do three, however on the condition that they have to be doable within this rift.”

Northern tilted his head to take a peek at the Lieutenant’s face.

“Is yours going to be doable within this rift?”

The Lieutenant was silent for a few seconds, then he shook his head.

“I don’t think there’s anything I want from you right now.”

His response immediately put a dark frown on Northern’s face.

“That’s crap you are giving me. Total crap. You are telling me you don’t want anything from me but you are going to give me the opportunity to ask three things, anything at all from you? I might be sixteen, but I am actually older than I look in my brain.” Lieutenant Dante glanced at him and smiled again. His smile was short but honest.

“I want to lay groundwork for us to be friends. You are sixteen years old, a Sage. I think you are the first to appear of your kind. In the next ten years, I won’t be surprised if you are a

Luminary.”

“I’d be a Zenith in ten years’ time.”

Lieutenant Dante chuckled; he clearly didn’t believe it.

“Let’s be humble now, alright.” He paused for a second and continued, “What I’m just saying

is I want to be in a position where I can benefit from your position and influence in the future. Don’t worry, I am not being shady.”

Northern was silent for a while, thinking. Afterward, he opened his mouth and spoke.

“Alright then, no problem. If that is how you feel for real, then I will take your offer.” Lieutenant Dante smiled again. “Thank you. So what are the three things you want?” “I’ll tell you one at a time, after each one is done. First, I want you to teach me how to fight.”

“You want me to teach you how to fight?” The Lieutenant turned to him again, his brows

raised.

“Yes.” Northern nodded in consent. “To be exact, I want you to teach me your combat style.”

He stared into the Lieutenant’s eyes.

“I know I said anything… but that’s quite…”

“You can’t do it?”

Lieutenant Dante looked down for a moment. “Oh? Looks like your father just became a

Savant. Others seem to be rounding up later too. Should we carry on later?”

Northern turned to Shin who was slowly getting up.

“Alright then.”

Both of them jumped down from the ice wall.
_______________________________________

Chapter 582: Cold Truth
Along with Shin’s successful progression into another soul rank, the rest of them also rounded up and concluded their essence absorption.

Dante took a short glance at Shane’s wound but did not say anything. Instead, he turned away with a small distress hinting behind his eyes.

Shane lowered her head and bit down on her lips. She didn’t need to be told outright. She felt like she was being a burden to the Lieutenant-no, she was sure of it.

Northern studied all of them, his eyes carrying a faint light of deep scrutiny before he spoke.

“Since we all seem to be in a good place, I think we should proceed further into the rift. The longer we stay in here, the more dangerous I presume it will be.”

All of them had differently portrayed expressions of tiredness on their facial features but did a commendable job at hiding it.

After all, no kids existed here. If anyone was to be thrown under such classification, it would be Northern, and funnily, he was the unspoken, unassigned, and silently consented leader of the group.

Studying their faces once more, he said.

“I don’t think there will be enormous numbers like this one. Going forward, the monsters we will be fighting might just be stronger. We’ve still not come across any Behemoths. And the Destroyers that we have been seeing are Hazardous and Disastrous Level.”

He glanced in Shane, Hansel, and Rafel’s direction.

“We only came across one devil, which was a hellion. My senses are picking up several insanely strong monsters. I suspect we may encounter more of those Devilish Rabid Rots, and even worse, Devilish Maelstroms and Calamitous or Catastrophic Destroyers.”

As Northern spoke, the crude manner at which fear seemed to gnaw at their hearts grew insidiously devastating.

They were all maintaining straight faces and were focused on Northern as he spoke.

No one at this point doubted his words anymore-only a fool would. Which was why the truth of their situation settled in with a sickening intensity.

If anyone of them were weak-willed, they’d probably have raised their hands to opt out at this moment.

Aside from the fact that looking for a way out of the rift was another task-wandering around the rift could stumble one upon a very strong monster, one he or she cannot defeat, hence bringing down upon themselves their own gruesome death-no one, especially none of the Lieutenant’s subordinates who looked to be the weakest of the group, could dare say they wanted to opt out.

Their hearts beat with a toxic fear that sent fissures of pain around their nervous system. But they boldly stood, their faces rigidly contorted as Northern conveyed the news.

Northern paid extra attention to them, surprised at how they wouldn’t budge. However, he was also disgusted by it.

Being able to look so deep into a human soul thanks to Chaos Eyes, he had been granted the ability not just to see the emotions of people, but to manipulate them to an extent.

Of course, Northern, since the first time he received an ability like that, did not pay it any heed. He wasn’t interested in manipulating someone to feel fear for him.

If one would feel extreme fear for him, or despair at his presence, it would be because the aura of his presence and reputation came together in that moment to create such a result.

But he still could see the emotions that they tried so much to hide underneath their bowels and fortified faces. It disgusted him.

It disgusted him because they were breaking on the inside, and the only thing they cared about was pleasing this dude whom they looked up to and respected.

Why?

Was it fame? A salary raise? They wanted higher positions in the military? They wanted to win his favor?

Northern didn’t care what it was; he didn’t think anything of frivolity was worth throwing one’s life away for.

But then again, he couldn’t really blame these people.

‘They’ve not lived a life where every day is worse than the battle we just fought, where there’s

no guarantee that anyone will see tomorrow, and yet we just fight.’

Northern shook his head, sending away the thought.

‘It’s none of my business anyway.’

“So you are saying that the battles going forward will only be tougher but with no immense numbers?” Alystren asked, sweat breaking out on his face.

Northern let out an ugly smile. Then he erased it and answered.

“At least you won’t have to fight while being insecure about your back.”

Alystren raised his head and slapped his face. “Dammit, I knew coming into this rift was a bad idea. We should have just waited for more Drifters.”

“We have Northern, and we have a Paragon. We will tackle the worst and come out of this alive,” Ryan inputted.

His input, however, grabbed everyone’s attention.

“Since when did you speak such amazing words, Ryan?” Northern grinned. “As flattered as I am about your words, I’d rather us expect the worst than say we will come out of this alive.”

He glared at all of them, adding,

“I’m saying, if you feel like you are not ready to die, my opinion is that you should take a gamble and find your way out of the rift.”

He pointed towards the north. “I know that way leads deeper into where the stronger monsters are because I can feel the intensity of the presences emanating from there. You can go back and carefully trace where we’ve been coming from-there are no monsters there at

all.”

Dropping his hand, he fell silent for a moment, focused on Dante’s subordinates for a moment, and averted his gaze.

“But if you are sure that you want to keep going, from experience I’d advise you to steel yourself so much that if you die and go to hell, you won’t whine about it.” His voice was resolute and cold.

“I don’t know what to be scared of-that a sixteen-year-old is uttering such cold and harrowing words, or that those words hold all the truth that we need at this moment in

them.”

Alystren muttered, sending a glance over to Shin who was beside him, hearing him clearly.

Shin just silently stared at his son, his expression blank, and his eyes perfectly hiding his pain.
_______________________________________

Chapter 583: Devilish Behemoth – Dark Turtle [part 1]
Northern’s words hung heavy in their hearts as they silently proceeded forward. Despite the harshness they conveyed, no one had decided to leave the group and head toward where there were fewer monsters.

Northern had delivered his point with that deliberate wickedness of words, hoping that they’d at least choose to save themselves.

But no one seemed broken enough to turn back. Or could it be that their respect and followership toward the Lieutenant was of greater fear than the fear of death?

If that was the case, he didn’t think the source of their stubbornness was of a frivolous origin.

Perhaps the Lieutenant just held a more paralyzing fear that, as long as he was standing there, they’d rather die than give up.

‘…or is it admiration? Huh? No way? You can’t admire someone to the point of dying to please them,’ Northern refuted in his head.

He truly didn’t understand the bunch; he felt like he had lost touch of something.

Something like… he had once been like that. But grabbing onto the memory felt so difficult. It was like that entire part of him was obscured by a thick, stubborn darkness.

‘The more I get stronger, the more I feel like I am losing myself. I can barely even remember my old self before coming to this world or that I once lived.’

The feeling once more became vivid to Northern.

He sighed and focused forward. All of them were walking side by side. Ryan and the Paragon seemed to be talking about something in front.

Alystren and Shin flanked the right side, walking with each other. The group of three walked toward the left side, behind Ryan and Dante.

Jeci and Lynus silently walked behind Northern. And he had dismissed Night Terror and Black Mamba for both of them to get enough rest and be ready for when things got dreary.

Northern walked closer to Shin and looked at Alystren.

“Please, can I have a moment with my father?”

“Of course.” Alystren tapped Shin’s shoulders and stepped back while Northern took his place, walking next to Shin.

Both of them were silent for a few moments, until Shin’s voice hesitantly rolled out. “Soooo…”

“Congratulations on becoming a Savant.”

Shin smiled shortly, his eyes focused on that barren crimson plain in front of him.

“I am still far behind, compared to you…”

Northern squinted his eyes.

“You don’t need to compare yourself to me. Honestly, I am not comfortable with it.”

Shin, for the first time since they started walking together, looked at him, his eyes a bit dilated.

“Things did happen that we never expected they would. And I kind of got stronger than anyone planned. But it changes nothing-you and mom raised me with so much love. While you guys overprotected me, which was harmful when I found myself in the dark continent alone, it is because of your love and upbringing that I am still able to maintain this level of sanity and morality.”

Northern allowed a pale smile.

“Anybody else would have just gone mad, I guess.”

Shin did feel a bit relieved at his son’s words. But no, he didn’t think he could allow himself to be that relieved yet.

They needed to find Eisha, and together with his wife, they would finally assess and know what had happened to their son. And also bear the pain of failing as parents.

He wasn’t confident of doing it alone. But if it was with Eisha, he was sure they would be able to burrow into Northern and make him open himself emotionally to them.

Which was why he needed to find Eisha as soon as possible.

Shin gritted his teeth and clenched his fist tightly.

Northern glanced at his hands and focused to the front. After a few seconds, he asked.

“The elf, what about him?”

Shin’s hands relaxed as he heard the question, he retorted, his breath calming.

“When the rift exploded and swallowed me, I woke up with the lady and the guy who introduced themselves as Jeci and Lynus, but he was nowhere around. He would be somewhere around…”

“No.”

Shin took a look at his son’s cold and calculating eyes as he added.

“I suspect that he didn’t even enter the rift with us. He probably used the rift to mask his essence flow so he’d be temporarily undetectable.”

‘It’s a good thing I moved mother as fast as I could,’ he thought.

“Still, being able to summon a rift. I don’t understand what is going on anymore,” Shin expressed.

Northern suddenly paused, his brows twitching.

“Is something wrong, Northern?”

He turned his face to his father, his face stale for a bit, then a smile broke out and his words came out with strange warmth.

“I have found mother and Silver, and secured both of them.”

Shin’s eyes widened slowly as those words settled into his mind. As his eyes widened, tears settled at the base of his lids, waiting to stream down.

However, Northern’s next statement killed it.

“But now is not the time to be happy about it.”

Shin’s brows came together. “What do you mean?”

Northern looked straight into his father’s eyes; the formal warmth in his words had been frozen, like it never existed.

“The only reason I told you this is so that you can be motivated to survive what is coming for us. You must live to see your wife no matter what. I might not have the time to protect you or anyone, so be sure not to die. Well, I trust you won’t, knowing that your wife and child are

waiting for you.”

“What? What do you mean?” Shin was confused.

Northern faced the front and bent down, touching the ground.

“Everyone stop.” His voice rang out, halting everyone in their tracks.

Only when Dante stopped did he suddenly frown. Before he could say anything, his reflex kicked in, leaping him powerfully far behind, such that he covered over a hundred meters in

one leap.

Everyone was shocked as they saw the Lieutenant, the strongest among them, suddenly become a blur over their heads and now standing so far away from them.

With a dark expression, they all turned to Northern who was still crouched and touching the

ground.

Northern exhaled shakily and looked at them with a very tired smile.

“Looks like we’re finally going to meet a Behemoth. A Devilish one at that.”
_______________________________________

Chapter 584: Devilish Behemoth – Dark Turtle [Part 2]
Their faces and composure shifted the moment Northern spoke. Maybe they would have had small fragments of doubt when Northern spoke, but Dante’s strange behavior just now was all too informing.

Tension mixed with silence and made the air around them heavy.

Northern closed his eyes, his hand softly touching the crimson ground. Since they were ascending a slope, the murky waters around this area had greatly reclined, falling back to the lower slope of the plain.

All their attention converged on Northern. They were nervously waiting to hear the next thing he was going to say.

While Northern had his eyes closed, his awareness peaked in that moment.

The creature was very far-too far for anyone, even the best of scouts, to sense it. Of course, except for Paragons who had heightened danger detection.

“It’s coming closer.”

Northern’s hoarse voice finally made its debut after minutes. But following it was a subtle but obvious trembling of the ground.

It was as if to inform them how correct Northern was. The creature was getting closer to them. Northern squinted his eyes. “I was right… it’s moving beneath the ground. It’s burrowing.” Ignoring the part where he said he was right because no one ever noticed him mention it, they were all concerned about the latter statement.

“What do you mean it’s burrowing?” Alystren inquired, his facial features folding.

Northern looked up at him and stood up, glancing around.

“I don’t have much to say other than everyone’s life is in their hands.”

Northern’s choice of words made their hearts suddenly heavier than usual, chills prickling their skin.

He wished he could have chosen a better route with his words. But he couldn’t afford to-he didn’t know how things would go with a Behemoth; he had never faced one before. freeweɓnovel.cѳm

So rather than sugarcoat words and be optimistic, he’d rather be pessimistic and say the truth in the crudest way possible to prepare their hearts.

“He is right,” Dante said as he walked closer to them. “What I felt just now… I am not sure I have ever fought something like that.”

And that explained the reason for his unexpected response.

At the same time, hearing him speak even made them feel worse.

The trembling of the earth beneath them escalated, a rumble that crawled up through their feet, setting their nerves on edge.

The ground felt alive, as if the very land itself was twisting in anticipation of the creature that lurked below.

Northern steadied himself, his gaze hard, the shadows in his eyes betraying no hint of fear- only a grim acceptance.

“Everyone, spread out,” Northern ordered, his voice like steel. “Don’t cluster together. It’s exactly what it wants.”

They scrambled into position, each one glancing back at the undulating ground as if it might explode at any second.

Alystren tightened his grip on his weapon-a longsword, the edges of his expression wavering.

He glanced at Dante, looking for some assurance, but Dante’s face was a mask-a mask that concealed the same fear clawing at the rest of them.

Then, the ground split open, and with it, a wave of stale, suffocating heat surged up.

It was as if a breath from the underworld had reached them, curling around their limbs, making their skin crawl.

The air grew thick, cloying with the scent of damp earth and something metallic, something foreboding.

And then… they saw it.

The creature’s dark shell emerged first, like a vast boulder pushing up from the depths, glistening with the crimson glow from the murky sky above. It was like a dark turtle molded from the crimson sky and pure darkness.

It rose slowly, purposefully, each second stretching as its black armor cracked and shifted, plates sliding over one another with a deep, grinding sound that felt like it could tear the world apart.

Northern’s eyes narrowed, tracking every motion, every twitch, every subtle shift.

Its single red eye gleamed through the gaps in its armor, a pulsing, unblinking sphere that looked more like an open wound, watching them all with a predatory gleam.

The red lines that snaked across its armored body pulsed, alive, as if the monster’s very essence was blood and rage contained within that shell.

The Dark Turtle’s eye fixed on Northern, and for a heartbeat, the world seemed to shrink. There was a strange message in its gaze.

And Northern instantly knew. He knew when he could recognize the strongest in the group.

The creature had immediately singled him out with its gaze.

Then, without warning, it surged forward, the ground beneath it splitting in its wake, chunks of earth flung up like shrapnel.

The force of its charge shook the ground like a thunderclap.

Everyone in that moment scattered away from the creature’s path. It was thanks to them heeding Northern’s advice to spread out that it had been possible, although shards of stones

still bombarded some.

Northern immediately leaped back as the creature moved, and in his hands, raised above his head, a black Lance was materializing.

There was a folded frown on his face as he locked gazes with the monster. He didn’t know why he had a very strange and unsettling feeling.

His eyes looked like they were begging for this to end before it began and the Black Lance should not fail.

With a swift, almost undetectable 1-still as he lunged back to get farther away from the monster-he swung and threw the black lance forward.

The Dark Turtle’s single red eye flared as if in mocking recognition, and the creature shifted its massive armored shell.

The lance, instead of piercing through, struck the shell’s surface with a metallic clang and shattered into fragments of black energy, dissipating into nothingness.

‘Tch, I knew it!’

Northern’s face hardened, his jaw clenched. The unsettling feeling in his chest only grew.

The creature didn’t give him a moment to recover.

With an earth-shaking roar, it lunged again, its bulk deceptively fast as it closed the distance, scattering loose stones and dirt in its wake.

Northern’s instincts screamed at him to move, to dodge, but the Dark Turtle’s presence bore down on him, pressing like a weight against his senses.

Dante was the first to break out of the paralyzing state they were all in. He launched himself forward with a burst of red energy.

His sword flashed, arcs of light slicing through the air as he aimed for the creature’s exposed

underbelly.

The Dark Turtle twisted, deflecting the attack with its impenetrable shell.

As it shifted its focus, Alystren leaped in from the side, his longsword aimed at one of the

pulsing red lines.

But the monster caught wind of his movement, quickly adjusting its body to deflect with its

dark shell.

As Alystren’s sword connected with the monster’s back, it exploded back, throwing him away.

Just as Alystren flew away, Shin shot in, his form dividing into three that flew into different directions. His main body toward the monster’s forelimb, one appearing in front and the last

one swiftly circling to the back.

Simultaneously, they attacked.

Black essence oozed out of not just Shin’s sword but his entire body as he wove a strange

pattern of swordsmanship.

Northern had firstly almost likened it to Void essence but no, it wasn’t. It was just Shin’s soul

essence form. Darkness.

‘So that’s how it looks,’ Northern acknowledged as he watched how Shin wove intricate sword patterns and bombarded the monster.

The dark essence seemed to curl like multiple blades, all complementing the delicate

movement of his legs and hands.

And with each connected strike was an almost thunderous resonance.

The most terrifying part was that there was a perfect synchronization with all three clones. Northern didn’t see the one behind but he could see the one in front.

It was as if they were perfectly, without fail, mirroring every step without even looking.

There had to be a network of information that did not take time to deliver for such

magnificent display of sword art to be made possible.

Northern remembered link and how perfectly it worked. Looking at his father right now, he understood that Shin had mastered the ability to a level that he had never reached.

‘Of course he has…’ Northern felt slightly proud. He had always suspected Shin to be strong

and always hoped he was right.

This instance proved that he had been right about his father all along.

Sadly, it was all useless.

Every chain of attack was being perfectly deflected by the monster without a waste of

movement.

All it just had to do was shift its shell slightly. Its form was so enormous and the shell itself covered more than half the area of its body; there were little to no places to strike.

Even its legs were covered by the black shell and same red veins.

Shin, when he saw all his effort was easily being nullified, had to take a moment of recess,

jumping back.

As he jumped back, Dante entered the monster’s space again, his movement this time seemed more vicious and dangerous.

He swung his sword with brutal strength, delivering an arc from the side to the monster’s forelimb on Shin’s opposite side.

But the swing was once again deflected with an even more outrageous force that sent the

Lieutenant reeling.
_______________________________________

Chapter 585: Chaos Flame (True Form) [Part 1]
Northern watched as Dante stumbled back, his boots scraping against the crimson ground. The Lieutenant’s face betrayed a flash of frustration—perhaps even fear.

Northern’s eyes purposefully measured and followed every single one of their strikes.

By now, it was evident enough that the shell areas of the Dark Turtle served not just as a damage absorber but also a damage reflector.

The Dark Turtle’s single eye seemed to pulse with cruel intelligence as it tracked their movements.

Its massive form shifted, the black plates of its armor grinding against each other like tectonic plates in motion.

That sound—that horrible grinding-seemed to reach into Northern’s chest and squeeze.

Something about it felt wrong, fundamentally wrong, as if the noise itself was an affront to nature.

Northern gritted his teeth, gnashing angrily as he propped himself up.

“Damn turtle,” he muttered in disgust, circling his arm, the left first and then the right, before fixing the monster with a dirty glare.

As if waiting for him, the creature’s eye flared bright crimson. The red veins across its shell pulsed, and suddenly the air grew thick with an oppressive energy.

Northern felt it first-a crushing weight that seemed to press against his very soul. His legs trembled, fighting against an invisible force that threatened to bring him to his knees.

“Everyone, move!” he shouted, but his warning came a fraction too late.

The Dark Turtle’s shell erupted with crimson light, and waves of force exploded outward in all directions.

The ground beneath their feet cracked and splintered, fragments of earth hanging suspended in the air for a heartbeat before being violently repelled.

Alystren was caught mid-stride. The wave struck him like a physical blow, sending him tumbling backward.

He managed to drive his sword into the ground, using it as an anchor-it was not enough, the force uprooted and threw him into the air but thin, green threads flew out of his body and attached themselves to the ground, pulling and grounding him with an even more resisting force.

Northern blinked for a moment, observing the guy’s ability. He looked down and saw.

[You have discovered Talent (Mulish Thread) (A)]

[Do you want to copy (Mulish Thread) for 700 talent fragments]

‘Oh? Cool. Yes,’ he grinned.

[You have copied Talent (Mulish Thread)(A) for 700 talent fragments]

‘I guess I’ll check it out later,’ Northern raised his head, returning his focus to the ongoing battle.

Everyone was actively engaging and disengaging the monster, everyone except the Lieutenant’s trio. They had tried, but one reflected damage had sent Shane reeling so far back

that finding her way would be another hectic work and walk for her.

The other two understood that there was no place for them in this battle.

Even Ryan couldn’t find an opening to attack. He wasn’t the best when it came to close

combat, but his destructive ability made up for that more than enough.

However, he was being very calculative; there was no way he was just going to attack without inhibiting the rapid and flowing movements of the rest of them.

As the force struck, he put up a fortress of ice, but it meant nothing-everything shattered into splinters as he was thrown away.

Shin’s clones dissipated instantly from the brunt of the monster’s red energy, the dark essence that formed them scattered like smoke in a storm.

The real Shin barely managed to cross his arms before the blast reached him, his feet sliding backward, leaving deep grooves in the earth.

Dante fared slightly better, having anticipated the attack. He dropped low, one hand pressed against the ground, his body wreathed in a faint red glow that seemed to deflect the worst of the force.

Northern easily shielded himself with Void Force, the blast seemed like it was sucked into the air, but his body felt the strong force of the attack, taking him back one step.

As the waves of force subsided, leaving them all staggered, the Dark Turtle’s eye fixed once again on Northern.

There was something almost contemplative in that gaze now, as if it was measuring him

anew.

Something about the look in the creature’s eyes did not sit well with Northern, and it was even more frustrating that he couldn’t quite put his finger on it yet.

He had faced powerful enemies before, but this was different. This creature wasn’t just strong -it was intelligent, methodical, patient.

And they were running out of options.

The red veins in its shell began to pulse again, faster this time. Whatever was coming next would be worse.

Much worse.

The Dark Turtle’s shell began to emit a low, resonating hum that made Northern’s teeth ache. The crimson veins pulsed with increasing intensity, like a heartbeat growing stronger, more

urgent.

‘It’s charging something,’ Northern thought, his eyes narrowing. ‘But what?’

“Don’t let it finish whatever it’s doing!” Dante shouted, already moving forward despite the

obvious strain in his movements from the previous attack.

“Everyone stop!” Northern’s voice rolled out like thunder.

With the way his voice came out, there was no way anyone wouldn’t stop.

All of them, even the already moving Dante, were halted in their tracks by Northern’s voice.

Dante turned. “This is really not the time for your show off.”

Northern had a dark frown on his face as he turned to the Lieutenant.

“Show off? I’m about to take on this damn thing for real, who’s talking to you about show off.

The rest of you are just going to be a hindrance.”

The creature paused, its eyes gluing to Northern who slowly walked forward.

It was as if there was a silent, intellectual acknowledgment from the monster as Northern

moved closer.

Its kind of behavior was not one any of them had seen. Except Northern, of course.

‘Devils are quite the annoying monsters. With a Behemoth, I can tell how dangerous a monster of such caliber would be…’ His eyes radiated with a cold blue light.

“I have spent the past few minutes gauging the monster’s ability.”

Not just with his senses but also his magnificent eyes.

Northern grinned sinisterly. “Don’t worry, it’s beatable. I got worked up for nothing really.”

All of them frowned in different shades.

“I said this is not the time for that!” Dante yelled.

“Northern, this is a Behemoth, you said it yourself. This is something we have to work

together to defeat. Only you can’t do this.”

Northern raised a corner of his lips, his eyes fixed on the monster.

“Nah, I’m enough.” He looked at them again. “You all can step back. No one will be dying

soon after all.”

Shin and the others finally stepped back, taking several leaps to give Northern and the monster enough space.

Northern raised his hand, looking at his palm with a dangerous look in his eyes.

“Come, black flame.”

WHOOM

Black flame ignited in his hands, dancing gently with a bluish dark depth.

The dark luminescence of the flame reflected on Northern’s face as his eyes pierced deeper

into it.

Then his voice came again, this time low-he was talking to himself.

“Infuse it with Chaos essence instead of Void.”

WHOOOOM

The flames escalated, in an instant changing color from black to impure white, however, still

keeping its flame properties.

Only now, its otherworldly dance was more intimidating and awe-striking, dwarfing both

Northern and the monster.

“What is that?” Alystren muttered in confusion from where he was.

The rest of them also had that expression that asked the same question.

Northern looked at the flames, satisfied.

“So this is what the true Chaos Flames look like, huh.”

Since he had no chaos essence, Void essence had always been used to propagate both Black

Flame and Black Lance. But they were essentially parts of Chaos Flame.

And now that Northern could use Chaos essence, he would finally be able to bring the

attribute to life.

He raised his second hand, spreading out his palm, and he uttered:

“Black Lance.”

A vicious black spear appeared from his palm, plunging toward the sky with ominous sparks

running around it.

Northern observed to his satisfaction then infused the lance with Chaos Essence.

Just like before, the lance exploded. As it exploded, the surrounding ground began to slice

randomly.

All of them immediately put up all their defenses to protect themselves, watching the clean, untraceable cuts that separated several points of the ground.

Northern’s expression became more evil as he thought.

‘I wonder what will happen when the true nature of a flame that can burn anything, mixes

with the true nature of a lance that can deliver a cut that only its target can take…’

A twisted darkness fell on his face, blue light radiating in his eyes. The monster also seemed

to be taking its time waiting for Northern, taking forever to charge up its strike.

“Now let’s watch you absorb and deflect this.”

The air grew thick with tension as Northern’s aura shifted, becoming darker, more

malevolent.

The white flame danced before him like living entities, casting eerie shadows across the

crimson ground.

With deliberate slowness, Northern brought his hands together. The flames and the lance began to swirl, intertwining in a display that made reality itself seem to warp.
_______________________________________

Chapter 586: Chaos Flame (True Form) [Part 2]
‘Let’s see…’ Northern concentrated, his eyes glowing brighter. ‘The properties of both…’

The combination of the two forces merged together like two lovers having waited a hundred years for their reunion; there was even a magnetic force that Northern had to powerfully resist in order to control things at his own pace.

A smile formed on his face as he could ascertain for himself that what he had evaluated about Chaos Flames was exactly what was happening.

Along with the subtle awakening of Chaos had come its memories of usage, which Northern was now enjoying the privileges of.

The Dark Turtle’s eye pulsed faster, its charging sequence reaching a crescendo. The red veins across its shell blazed like rivers of blood.

From where they watched, the others felt the air grow heavy, as if reality itself was being compressed between these two forces.

Shin’s eyes were grave as he watched Northern; everyone had a pale mixture of confusion, fear, and hope lining their facial features.

Dante seemed like the most affected about what was going on. It was quite understandable, since they had been in this rift, what should be his place hadn’t quite been his place.

He had fallen short of even his own expectations. Not that he wasn’t strong. He was strong.

A devilish Behemoth would have been difficult for him, but it was doable; however, he didn’t think he’d be able to guarantee everyone’s safety like Northern had just done.

Northern’s voice cut through the air, cold and precise.

“Chaos Flame.”

The weapon that formed in his hands defied description.

It wasn’t quite a lance, and it wasn’t quite flame. It existed in a state between states, its form constantly shifting between solid and ethereal.

The impure white flames wrapped around a core of absolute darkness, creating a spiral pattern that hurt to look at directly.

Where the two forces met, small tears appeared in the air itself, as if the weapon’s very existence was an affront to natural law.

Northern’s grin turned predatory. “You’ve been reflecting our attacks using that shell of yours. Absorbing the force, redirecting it…”

The Dark Turtle seemed to sense the danger. Its charging sequence suddenly accelerated, the humming from its shell rising to a fever pitch.

“But you can’t reflect what doesn’t exist in a stable state,” Northern continued, his voice dropping to a whisper. “And you can’t absorb what burns through the very concept of absorption.”

The creature’s eye widened-if such a thing was possible-and for the first time, Northern saw something new in its gaze.

Uncertainty.

Without warning, the Dark Turtle released its charged attack. A wave of crimson energy, far more concentrated than before, erupted from its shell.

Instead of the circular wave that was directed at dispelling everyone, the monster focused all its energy at Northern, shooting it forward, the red light razing the ground and consuming everything in its path.

“Northern!!” Shin shouted, seeing as the wave of light surged towards him and consumed him before he could put up any defenses.

Dante raised his head.

“All that talk and he was killed before he could even strike.”

“No, Northern…” Shin was despairing and wanted to run forward but was held back by Lynus.

“What do you think you are doing?” Shin’s voice came out strong and terrifying.

Anybody that wasn’t the arrogant and vengeful Lynus would have flinched, no doubt.

“Do you really think he’d die that easily?”

His words made Shin’s eyes dilate. The rogue scion of Kageyama slowly shifted his head.

Clouds of dust obscured the view, but they soon slowly dissipated.

The monster had a light of assurance and confidence radiating in its eye, as if it had won.

But as the wind cleared, a voice reached out.

“All that charge and this is the best you could do.”

Everyone trembled, their eyes expanded so much that they could fall off.

Northern was revealed between the now light cloud of dust-he was grinning, the Chaos Flame still in his hand.

He was untouched by the attack, not even the smallest scratch on his body.

The attack had carved the ground and left the point he was standing untouched, improvising it into an island of some sort.

Northern contorted his mouth pitifully at the monster.

“Quite sad. You did all that and didn’t even leave a scratch on me. Oh well, guess it’s my turn now.”

The monster’s eye flickered, its entire body began to blaze with crimson energy, surging forward like a pillar of flame.

Northern’s mouth opened, delighted as he saw the monster freak out.

“That’s more like it. Struggle for your life. Try to leave,” he said, carefully waiting for the monster.

The creature struck again, gathering all its energy; the entire ground trembled, a sickening sound of tearing traversing throughout the air.

Still, the result was the same. The white-haired boy in lustrous black armor was untouched.

Northern smiled.

“I can tell how frustrated you must be right now. I mean, you are supposed to be a devilish behemoth, and I really had my hopes high when you were coming.” freeweɓnovel.cѳm

His mouth contorted with disgust.

“So all you were coming here with was a shell that could absorb and reflect attacks and some energy beams? Lame. Truly lame.”

Perhaps the monster did not understand him word for word, but that condescending look on his face could be understood quite clearly.

And seeing as the creature let out a sharp, screeching cry resembling that of a vulture, Northern was sure the message got delivered smoothly.

The Dark Turtle’s red veins pulsated with even stronger energy; they flowed through the air

like sentient energy tendrils, converging before the monster.

While the monster did that, Northern, out of boredom, picked his nose with a disinterested look on his face and blew it toward the Dark Turtle.

It struck again. An enormous field of red energy burst forth.

Northern looked forward as the field expanded, then with a single, fluid motion, he threw the

Chaos Flame.

The force was so fast it struck before anyone could trace it.

For a moment, nothing happened. The lance seemed to freeze in place, suspended in the

crimson energy field.

Then reality screamed.

The point where the lance met the energy field began to unravel. The crimson energy didn’t disperse or reflect-it simply ceased to exist, along with the air and space around it.

A void opened up, spreading outward like cracks in glass. The Dark Turtle’s attack wasn’t just negated; it was being consumed, erased, burned away by something that shouldn’t exist. The creature tried to reinforce its defense, its shell blazing with power. But it was too late.

The Chaos Flame struck true.
_______________________________________

Chapter 587: An Impossible Feat
The moment the Chaos Flame made contact with the Dark Turtle’s shell, reality itself seemed to hold its breath.

For a fraction of a second, nothing happened again-but this time, it was as if the universe needed time to process what it had just witnessed.

Then, a sound unlike anything they had ever heard tore through the air. It wasn’t an explosion, nor was it the creature’s screech.

It was the sound of existence being rewritten.

Where the Chaos Flame touched the shell, space itself began to warp and twist.

The black armor that had seemed impenetrable moments before began to… dissolve.

No-dissolve wasn’t the right word. It was being unmade.

The creature’s eye widened in what could only be described as pure terror as it watched its own shell begin to disappear, not chunk by chunk, but concept by concept.

Northern stood watching, his face a mask of cold satisfaction. “Interesting…”

The white flames spread across the shell like cracks in reality itself, each tendril erasing not just the physical matter it touched, but the very idea of that matter’s existence.

The Dark Turtle let out another screech, but this one was different-desperate, primal. It tried to move, to retreat, but the Chaos Flame had already taken hold.

“You can’t run from this,” Northern said quietly, almost gently. “What’s being erased isn’t just your shell-it’s the very concept of your defense.”

The others watched in horrified fascination as the process continued.

Where the shell disappeared, they expected to see flesh or bone or whatever lay beneath. Instead, they saw… nothing.

Not darkness, not void, but a complete absence of anything that could be perceived.

Shin’s face had gone pale. “This power…”

“What in the world?” Dante muttered, his voice barely a whisper.

The Dark Turtle thrashed, its movements becoming more erratic as more of its shell vanished.

The red veins that had pulsed with such threatening energy now flickered weakly, like dying embers.

Northern took a step forward, his eyes glowing with that eerie blue light.

“Want to know something interesting?” he asked the dying creature, his voice carrying easily despite the chaos.

“The reason my attack worked wasn’t just because it was powerful.”

The creature’s eye fixed on him, and in that moment, understanding seemed to pass between them.

“Your shell was designed to absorb and reflect any attack,” Northern continued. “But the Chaos Flame isn’t really an attack; it’s a concept that exists far beyond any. It was the first entity to be birthed from nothingness, and better than every other entity, it carries that inexistential essence of destruction.

“Because it is destruction, the force itself has a nature of a destroyed state; hence, it’s a force that is existing but at the same time not existing. You can’t reflect what doesn’t exist, and you can’t absorb what denies the very concept of absorption.”

More of the shell disappeared, and now the process was accelerating. The white flames had spread to cover nearly half the creature’s massive form.

“In a way,” Northern mused, “you could say your perfect defense was exactly what made you vulnerable. The more your shell tried to absorb my attack, the more it invited its own destruction.”

The Dark Turtle made one final attempt to fight back, gathering what remained of its crimson energy.

But as it tried to release it, the energy simply… vanished, consumed by the spreading flames. Northern watched impassively as the process neared its completion. “And that’s why-”

He never finished his sentence. At that moment, the last of the creature’s shell vanished, and with it, the Dark Turtle itself began to unravel.

Its massive form didn’t explode or collapse-it simply ceased to be, erased from existence piece by piece, concept by concept.

The final thing to go was its eye, that crimson orb that had seemed so threatening mere minutes ago.

As it faded from existence, Northern could have sworn he saw something in its gaze-not fear or anger, but a sort of resigned recognition.

Then it was gone.

Where the Dark Turtle had stood, there was now only empty space-not a crater or a void, but simply untouched ground, as if nothing had ever been there at all.

The white flames flickered once more before dissipating, leaving behind an eerie silence.

Northern lowered his hand, his expression thoughtful. “Well,” he said after a moment, “that was educational.”

Behind him, the others stood in stunned silence, trying to process what they had just

witnessed.

The casual way Northern had erased a Behemoth from existence had shaken them to their

core.

But Northern wasn’t paying attention to their reactions.

Chaos Flame had worked exactly as he’d theorized-perhaps even better. And now…

A small smile played across his lips as he thought about the implications.

This was just the beginning.

His eyes radiated like stars as he anticipated the amount of fragments he was going to have.

He looked down, waiting eagerly.

However, the system never came.

A second passed.

Two passed.

Five passed.

‘Don’t tell me…’

Since he erased the concept of existence for that creature, could it be that the system didn’t count that as a kill?

‘No way, that can’t be happening,’ Northern shook his head. ‘That can’t be it.’

If Ul was the one in charge, he would have accepted that the phenomenon made sense-he

erased the monster’s concept of existence; it was possible that in Ul’s book, the monster didn’t die, it just never existed before.

‘Something has got to be going on…’

Just as Northern was thinking, the first tab appeared. His eyes lit up immediately.

[Congratulations]

[You have reached a new level of mastery of Chaos]

[Attribute CHAOS FLAME has gained its true form]

[Your proficiency with Chaos has grown]

[Chaos is proud of your achievement]

[Chaos nods in acceptance of your existence]

[Void sneers at Chaos]

‘They seem to be having the time of their life inside of me… those two. Anyway, fragments,

fragments, I’m waiting for the fragments.’

[Due to your understanding of Chaos, Heritage has leveled up]

‘Oh? I wasn’t expecting that….’

[You have gained a new Heritage ability]

[You did not just slay a monster, regarded as a monstrosity in its own lane; you overwrote its

concept, outsmarting Ul. This is a tremendous achievement]

[You have gained +10,000 talent fragments]

[Due to penalty of not copying any talent, you cannot progress to a new soul rank for 180 days]
_______________________________________

Chapter 588: Better Late Than Never
Northern lowered his head and supported his forehead with a finger. He was hiding his facial expression from everyone.

All the muscles of his facial features twitched from an intense desire to let out a burst of

ominous laughter and cry at the same time, but Northern suppressed them, not wanting to be asked what exactly went wrong.

Even so, his shoulders still trembled where he stood.

“Is he crying?” Rafel cocked his head slowly as he observed Northern.

Others were also as inquisitive, only silently-their expressions betrayed their thoughts.

Ryan, however, was slightly different. There was a look of determination that rose upon his face, his hands tightly folded into a wrecking ball, capable of breaking even the strongest of walls.

He had never been known to be ridden with such determined look sparkling in his eyes. Ryan was the indifferent type, and everyone that knew him so far had come to settle with his introverted nature.

Seeing someone like that suddenly resonate with determination was slightly surprising.

But then again, with the magnitude of power that Northern had just shown everyone, it was understandable that even he would feel like that.

‘How annoying… I thought I would be able to become an Ascendant before leaving this damn rift.’

Northern straightened his back, raising a somber face to the sky.

Currently, he had six talent slots; he had copied one, so he had five more to fill.

And he had six months to do that. That meant he was going to be stuck as a Sage for the next six months.

Six months was plenty of time to become a Paragon and start looking to shoot beyond, at least for someone like him.

But because of the damned punishment for not absorbing talent, he wouldn’t be able to become a Paragon and instead would be stuck as Sage.

Northern felt his soul breaking and breaking as he continued to dwell on the thought.

‘Shit… let’s just look to the bright side of this.’

He was going to be able to delicately choose talents to copy and kill unrestrained, so he’d be able to earn as many talent fragments as possible.

If he was to add five strong-at least S class talents to his repertoire, it would be a great boon; that was an understatement.

He might be able to boost his attack and defense powers with a lot of powerful talents.

Northern nodded with a small smile palely playing on his lips.

After the long, stretched, tense silence, he finally turned around, the smile leaving his face like an exorcised ghost.

“I hope everyone is fine…?”

All of them stood, bleak and speechless, just staring at him.

He smiled and clapped.

“Well then. I guess everyone is okay. From here on out, I don’t know what we will be facing, but I know there will be more monsters like this one, so let’s be careful while the offense is left to me. I will protect everyone.”

Northern said with a smile that didn’t even reach his face.

They did not doubt his words; however, it looked to them-especially the Lieutenant’s subordinates-that he did not want to do this.

Whereas Northern was just dealing with the residual pain of not being able to become a Paragon in six months.

‘Damn penalty. Damn system, shouldn’t it have just warned me ahead? But then, it’s a good thing, it’s a good thing.’

He consoled himself over and over again, but the lingering regret wasn’t able to get rid of.

He just turned and started walking away; others also started moving, following him closely from behind.

Their looks had changed-admiration sparkled in their eyes and they tried to come closer to him without getting too close.

Perhaps they now felt safer protected by his tall frame and lustrous black armor glinting sinisterly beneath the crimson sky.

Northern continued forward wordlessly for a few minutes, instead observing his panel and searching for anything he needed to pay attention to.

[Profile]

Name: Rian Artemis Reimgard (Northern Longguard)

True Name: [Nameless]3

Attributes: [Formless], [Limitless Void], [Vestige of Chaos], [Chaos Eyes], [Chaotic Regeneration], [Chaos Flame], [Seed of Void], [Chaos Infusion], [Chaotic Resonance]

Soul Rank: [Transient]

Void Summons: [7/100]

Talent Fragments: [10,042/6,000]

[Copied Talents]: [2/6]

[Owned Talents]: [4]

[Attribute Abilities (Active/Passive)]: [10/11]

[Owned Items]: [Mortal Blade], [Eternal Twilight], [Death Glare] and 13 others.

Northern’s brows furrowed.

‘It’s even worse than I expected. I fought so many monsters and not even a single item. Damn you Ul, you must hate me so much.’

Northern also welcomed the idea that he probably does not exist in Ul’s book.

It was totally understandable and he wasn’t angry about it. What he lacked for items, he made up for with the amount of soul cores he possessed.

‘I still need to work on my collections of items the moment I get out of here, find additional ways to augment my strength and strengthen my weaknesses, although I have none.’

He grinned eerily at the realization and quickly erased it as he turned his focus to another

panel.

[Chaos Art of Blistering Thousand Steps]

Heritage Level: [4]

Heritage Ability: [Chaos Step], [Chaos Sword Art 1: Eternal Chaos], [Chaos Sword Art 2:

Tempest Fury], [Chaos Flame]

Heritage Heirloom: [Grengar]

‘It’s the same thing with the attribute?’ Northern inquired internally, and focused on the text.

As he did, more information popped up.

Chaos Flame: [This is a convolution of all your past breakthroughs with chaos. A flame of chaos now flows in your blood, uniting each ligament and muscle. Because of this flow of flame, your body adaptation to combat styles has increased and a unique trait linking with Chaos Eyes and formless has been created]

Northern stayed confused for a moment. Then went back to the main panel and singled out

Chaos Eyes.

Chaos Eyes: [All Eyes (passive)], [Soul Alteration], [Soul Disintegration], [Chaosight], [Reality Warping], [Chaos Constructs], [Formless Flame]

All Eyes (Passive): You possess extraordinary visual prowess, granting you heightened perception and insight into the world around you. Your eyes take on a distinct appearance, glowing with a mesmerizing aura that signifies its power.

Soul Alteration: [You can influence the souls of others directly. You can disrupt the soul integrity of an opponent, weakening their resolve, destabilizing their energy, or even altering their emotions. You can also damage the soul or disrupt harmful curses or hexes cast on

others]

Soul Disintegration: [You can merge chaos with soul energy, creating devastating effects]

Chaosight: [You can perceive the chaos in multiple dimensions of time and space, although in limited flows: You can see brief flashes of the future and trace the past’s influence on the

present]

Reality Warping: [You can manipulate time and space on a small scale, momentarily slowing down time for a single target, or distorting space to create confusing or unpredictable

environments]

Chaos Constructs: [You can create constructs of pure chaotic energy, but fueled by your understanding of soul dynamics. These constructs could be weapons or barriers designed to shatter not only physical objects but also the soul of those they touch]

Northern paused for a moment.

‘It seems I have neglected Chaos Eyes for too long… now that I have Chaos essence… I should

be able to do all these things right?’

His might was kind of just beginning to register in his head. Northern, of course, knew

Chaos Eyes and its capabilities.

But as much as he had potential of doing, he was heavily limited because there was no Chaos

essence.

Void essence didn’t and wouldn’t fuel these abilities. Upon becoming a Sage, Chaos became

more active. But Northern had been too preoccupied to inspect meticulously what areas of his abilities needed chaos to become effective.

He sighed. ‘Well, better late than never,’ then he continued to inspect the rest.
_______________________________________

Chapter 589: Devilish Disaster
Formless Flame: [Due to your incessant development in combat and the awakening of Chaos’ true form that you have caused, Chaos has synergized with your inborn attribute-Formless

-to create a high battle intelligence and adaptability]

Northern’s mouth opened a little bit as he inspected the last ability of Chaos Eyes.

He was impressed, very impressed.

He had always felt like Formless and Nameless were what he truly owned of what he had become; the rest he considered given.

But there was a way Formless and Nameless told the state of his soul before the awakening of the system and its ability to copy Talent.

However, for those two… late bloomers would be an understatement.

But now, Northern was glad to see Formless being mentioned somewhere.

Although he was well aware that this was Chaos just taking something in him and creating the best of it, he was still glad nonetheless.

Importantly, if what he was reading was correct, this meant that his battle intelligence had gotten way better from what it used to be.

And not just that, but he would also be able to easily adapt to other people’s combat styles. Northern thought about it for a moment, then the next moment, his mood grew sour.

‘If my battle IQ rises, doesn’t that mean I will become aware of how to effectively dismiss an opponent without a waste of my time? What I want right now is to enjoy the taste of my own strength and how I step all over my opponents who consider themselves strong…’

He scrunched up his eyes like a discontented child. Then he shifted his mindset with the next breath.

‘I guess I just have to find stronger opponents, I guess.’

Ul’Trael was a broad world. He was sure that he’d always find people to satisfy his hunger for battle and growth.

And as for monsters? That was the easiest part.

The Devilish Behemoth was strong; if it hadn’t been for the Chaos ability that he used, they might have been caught in a stalemate because his attacks would keep getting absorbed and reflected while the reflected attacks would never reach him.

What if it had been an Apex Behemoth? Northern’s mind drifted away to an actuality that he had not considered all the while that he was in the rift.

He suddenly stopped.

His sudden stop prompted the others to slowly come to a halt. They observed him from behind.

Northern swiftly turned to them, lingering for a few seconds before his voice came out. “It was a stressful battle for all of us. I think we should rest here… going forward it will be advisable that we are well prepared to end the rift once and for all.”

All of them widened their eyes.

What is he even talking about?

They were not sure how long time had passed, but it wasn’t just that easy to clear a rift. How could he be so casual about it? Their eyes told.

However, it didn’t take a second to realize that this rift had looked seemingly easy because of Northern.

Immediately, their gazes understood and quieted down.

“Well then, I will cut some of these woods for fire,” Shin said with a light tone.

As he spoke, he tapped Alystren’s shoulder and both of them walked away.

The atmosphere got somehow lighter, and everybody suddenly seemed to ease from all the tension they had been walking with.

They were now surrounded by a forest of seemingly plagued trees-branches spread like the twisted and disjointed limbs of a witch.

Each of the dark trees was sparsely and ominously standing, reaching for the crimson sky with their austere arms.

The ground was more soily than what they had witnessed before now. Black soil that seemed to retain a lot of water. The water streamed out, filling the marks left by their footprints. Northern walked up to Lieutenant Dante, who watched him come with a small frown on his face.

“Is the offer still on the table?” Northern asked as he stopped in front of the Lieutenant and raised his head to meet his eyes.

“I don’t think you’d be needing it. You are plenty strong already.”

“No, I’m not even close to where I want to be at. I want to be the strongest in the world. And for that to happen, I need to get all my foundation right. And foundation is the one thing I lack.”

Northern paused for a moment and continued with an interesting look in his eyes.

“I need absolute mastery over every movement, down to my smallest muscle. I need to know what the basics are and root myself in them so that over time, I’ll be able to produce a unique style that I better understand myself and also be versatile in its usability and ability to discern and disrupt my opponent’s style. For all this to be possible, I need to have not just good but perfect grasp of the basis. Don’t I?”

Northern raised his head to meet the Lieutenant’s again, that interesting look glowing in his

eyes.

Lieutenant Dante was silent, shocked, his eyes meeting the light in Northern’s eyes with a paling realization.

He froze for a moment then his eyes moved; he blinked and sighed.

“Is something wrong?” Northern asked, slightly concerned.

“No. Nothing is wrong. It just strikes me that your mentality is crude. With all you can do, you

are still thinking like that-it’s scary, I fear for your future opponents.”

Northern raised a brow. ‘What is he on about now? Or does he want to back out now?’

He narrowed his eyes.

“So will you teach me? Or are you beginning to change your mind?”

The Lieutenant moved his hand and rested it on the hilt of his sword hung on his waist.

“Why not? I made you an offer, and the value of that offer just increased. As uncomfortable as it is, I will fulfill my quota, even though it is utterly uncomfortable, seeing as I might be helping the hatching of a Devilish Disaster.”

‘That’s quite the description.’ Northern frowned a bit but eased his brows immediately.

“Alright then, so let’s start!” His voice sounded with so much energy.

“Follow me,” the Lieutenant spoke and turned away, walking away from where the group was

gathered.

Northern followed close behind.
_______________________________________

Chapter 590: Grasping The Fundamentals
Lieutenant Dante led Northern to a secluded part of the forest, its dense shadows providing a makeshift training ground. The black soil beneath their feet was firm enough here, having dried somewhat compared to the saturated ground they’d passed earlier.

The world fell silent around them, the rustle of plagued trees fading into the background.

“First,” Dante said, drawing his sword with deliberate slowness, “forget everything you think you know about fighting.”

Northern raised an eyebrow but remained silent.

“Combat isn’t about the flashiest technique or the most powerful strike. It’s about efficiency.” Dante assumed a basic stance, feet shoulder-width apart, sword held at a diagonal across his body. “Watch carefully.”

He executed a simple horizontal slash through the air. The movement was so clean, so precise, that it seemed to leave a lingering trace in the crimson air.

“Now you try. Just like that.”

Northern mimicked the stance and slashed. His movement was faster, more powerful-but lacked the same clean precision.

He stopped and looked at Dante who seemed to be thinking with his hands resting on his sword.

“Again,” Dante commanded. “But this time, feel how your weight shifts. Every motion in combat starts from the ground up.”

Northern repeated the slash, this time paying attention to his footwork. He used not just his hand but his entire body to swing.

The movement felt different-more controlled.

“Better.” Dante nodded. “Now watch this.”

The Lieutenant performed the same basic slash, but this time it flowed into a complex sequence of movements.

His blade danced through the air in his signature style-elegant, efficient, deadly.

Each motion flowed perfectly into the next, like water coursing through a carefully constructed channel.

“I don’t know what style and form you have built so far in battle, but form serves as a drive core which you use to create a flowing sequence. With a strong form and footwork to ground the basis, you will find your slashes easy to link and adapt into each other.”

Dante explained, continuing his demonstration.

“But without understanding the fundamental principles, you’re like a river without banks- power dispersed rather than focused.”

The Lieutenant was right; this was the norm. Form was the personality of combat. No two combat styles could share the same form.

Perhaps their basics could share the same principles and rules of form, but there was bound to be slight differences that in the long run deviate to create their own unique personality.

But the problem was, Northern did not believe in form. He saw it as a limitation. Perhaps Formless was a form of its own kind, perhaps it eviscerated the concept of form and made it make no sense.

Northern was not sure, but the one thing he knew was that contrary to what anyone would say when the matter is presented to them-formlessness is impossible.

It had been made possible because of the attribute, which he has because of his corelessness. ‘This might mean that I am the only one in this world that can do it?’

He grinned and returned his focus to Lieutenant Dante who continued to demonstrate a unique sequence of sword strikes.

Northern carefully watched how the Lieutenant swung every slice of his sword with the same precision; when he broke into a linked combo swing, the effort put into each swing’s strength did not break at all, not even in the slightest.

His eyes widened slightly as he began to see the underlying structure in Dante’s movements. The Lieutenant’s style wasn’t just about the sword-it was about turning his entire body into a weapon, using momentum and balance to create devastating combinations.

“I have seen you move. Your current fighting style relies heavily on overwhelming power and adaptability,” Dante continued, coming to a stop. “But imagine combining that with perfect technical execution.”

Northern’s eyes gleamed with understanding-for a moment he was worried as to why he found this so easy to understand; it was almost like he couldn’t wait to start fighting already.

But he quickly dismissed the eagerness and assumed the basic stance again, this time feeling how each part of his body connected to the whole.

He had done it before but it wasn’t just about the swing; it was about before the swing started.

‘I wonder if I can use Spatial awareness to be more aware of my body than usual.’

Northern focused on his surroundings. Then streamlined to the center; it was like seeing everything but one’s eyes.

Then focusing on those eyes that could not be seen. Only that with spatial awareness, it was possible to see beyond the area of sight.

It was not really sight to be candid. It was just being aware of oneself.

That way Northern was able to grasp more vividly his entire body.

All this, he did while still maintaining a perfect hold of his surroundings; he naturally felt his awareness become more potent as he pushed it.

He could now be more aware of his surroundings and himself, not jeopardizing one for the

other.

When he slashed, the movement was different-the result was a powerful wind that swung the rigid trees.

It was devastating but with a new level of control.

Dante widened his eyes for a moment. ‘What in the world? He grabbed that easily? I thought I’d just give him the lesson and leave him practicing after the rift. But he got it instantly? How does that make any sense?!’

These basics were something that scions of renowned clans and nobility spent their entire childhood learning. It usually took at least five years to be able to master such level of control. The result of Northern’s strike spoke well for itself. He had done it in just a moment.

‘It could have just been luck; let me not get ahead of myself.’

Lieutenant Dante tried to hide the look on his face. He nodded at Northern.

“Good. Now let’s break down the basic forms. There are eight fundamental angles of attack, and mastering them is the key to developing any personal style.”

For the next hour, Dante methodically demonstrated each form, explaining how they connected and flowed into one another.

Northern absorbed everything with intense focus. As Dante was demonstrating with form, he was dismantling the form and laboriously merging those principles into his Formlessness.

He was grasping and adapting the fundamental concepts of combat to his own attribute with remarkable speed.

What impressed Dante most wasn’t Northern’s raw talent or quick learning-it was his

patience.

Despite his immense power, Northern approached each basic movement with the same focused dedication as if he were learning to hold a sword for the first time.

“Your style will develop naturally,” Dante explained as they worked through a complex sequence. “The fundamentals aren’t chains to restrict you- they’re foundations to build upon. Once you truly understand them, you can break them deliberately rather than

accidentally.”

Northern nodded, having already seen how these principles could enhance his combat

capabilities.

Dante looked up. “We should rejoin the rest for now. So we can have our rest as well,

especially you.”

Dante brought his gaze to meet Northern’s.

“You can’t tell me that destructive ability isn’t expending something in you.”

Northern’s expression was somber for a brief moment, his face darkened but quickly glowed

back with resolve.

The Lieutenant was right; there was a price to pay, only that it wasn’t something that could be

fixed by resting.

But of course, he still needed the rest all the same. After all, all his muscles were sore from all

the fighting. Northern responded with a tired sigh. “You are right. I need as much rest as I can get.”
