Chapter 621: Back At The Academy
The ship’s flying speed reduced greatly-it had been decreasing since they began flying over the Isle of the Crimson Shadows.

But it slowed even more as they got closer to the academy walls.

Northern stood on the cabin, watching as the sailors skillfully moved around. Some people were already folding the mast of the ship as it pulled closer to the wall of the academy.

‘I remember this…’

It had happened almost in the same fashion the first time he was on this ship, when he was just looking at things dumbfoundedly.

But now it was different. With the knowledge of the tower inside him, Northern could easily make out the reason why certain things were being done.

For example, he couldn’t help but attribute the strange and sudden reduction of speed above the isle to the fact that the sailors were well aware of something beneath that they must not disturb or approach carelessly.

Or maybe he was overestimating them. The alternative would be that whatever was beneath them was creating a kind of force field that affected the ship’s trajectory movement.

Maybe the speed reduction was a way to maneuver their way through it all.

And the folding of the mast was necessary to kill the wind power of the airship, seeing as the engines were still very much on.

The last time, from what he remembered, after all passengers disembarked, the mast was unfolded and the ship picked up speed.

Also, the process of unfolding the mast would most likely be used as a centrifugal force to turn the ship without relying at all on the force field created by the Crimson Shadows.

‘It really is brilliant.’

Northern breathed and watched as a part of the academy wall carved open and extended into a bridge that connected to the base of the ship.

Immediately, students and instructors alike who were traveling back to Milhguard Academy walked out of the ship and over the alloy bridge into the academy walls.

Northern, after getting his fair share of stares, lifted his box and walked away gentlemanly, coming down the ship’s stairs and walking fearlessly across the bridge.

The Crimson Shadows crawled eerily, and from his vantage point seemed to rise a bit higher than before.

But his steps did not falter. He, however, looked away and fixed his eyes on the opened cavity of the wall. A drop of sweat broke from behind his neck.

Northern got into the walls and staggered, leaning on the wall with one hand.

‘Damn it. I can’t get used to those stares.’

Even though he wasn’t using Chaos Eyes, he could vividly feel and visualize them. The more time of perception he spent, the more apparent and suffocating the dangers became. freewebnvel.com

And the most frustrating part was that he had no idea what it was or could be.

A rift? A monster? Or more? Northern did not know. That thing did not fit into the classification of any existence he had come to know about.

Not even a Tyrant or an Origin!

Northern’s eyes this time did not widen. Instead, a gloomy scowl folded the features of his face as the view of the academy entered his vision once more.

The effect of winter was already heavy on the surroundings, hence most of the trees had dried up and frozen. Petals of snow were falling like a rain of flowers.

On the ground, in corners and here and there, heaps of sand had gathered to adorn the land with a cold beauty.

Northern, from the gateway, could see the enormous and towering glass buildings. They bore an almost striking resemblance to skyscrapers from the world he had reincarnated from. There were several other buildings that fit right into that theme of an academy, few with lower heights than the glass buildings, but even they were magnificently architected.

The gateman looked at Northern strangely. Wordlessly, Northern brought out the academy’s letter inviting him for an interview and his identity card.

The man got up and said to him, “Follow me.”

He was led to the right where they entered a glass transparent lift.

Northern’s gaze remained sharp as the glass lift descended, offering him a panoramic view of Milhguard Academy.

The sprawling campus beneath was a blend of elegance and practicality, its snow-blanketed paths winding between the towering structures.

Students and faculty bustled about below, their figures reduced to mere specks.

Their prestigious white and blue uniforms-fashioned into a modern style, consisting of V- neck shirts tucked neatly into long white trousers adorned with blue stripes along the sides- subtly flowed with the soft cold wind.

Northern’s feet finally touched the ground, and a small smile carved upward on his lips.

‘It’s funny how I am walking into this place twice and never walked out once…’

“I will escort you to the Tryfe Gazel Hall.”

Northern had no idea what that was, but he guessed it was where he would be meeting whomever would be interviewing him, since the man at the gateway had carefully gone through the invite from the academy.

The man and Northern climbed a wide and numerous array of stairs and passed through a towering arch that stood almost as a relic of a forgotten era. Its colossal pillars were draped with soft light from the clear blue sky.

Golden statues, worn but proud, flanked the entrance, each etched with the meticulous detail of masterful hands long passed. The figures seemed alive, their eyes cast downward as if watching the walkers’ every step.

Northern passed a few students coming from the inner compound of the academy and met even more inside.

Some of them threw glances at Northern, while many did not care, going about their business like every other day.

Soon, Northern and the man had cut across the corners between several buildings and were climbing a narrow, long, and winding staircase.

Northern kept count: the stairs were over seven hundred steps before they eventually entered

a large and enormous hall.

‘I don’t think I have ever consciously walked this far…’

Along every step of the way, Northern had been silently wondering when they would reach

their destination.

The hall they now walked in was a cathedral of light and shadow, its columns stretching impossibly high, etched with swirling, intricate patterns that seemed to hum with the echo of

sentient runes.

Pale blue light spilled through the massive archways, illuminating the frost-kissed mountains beyond, their icy peaks standing as silent sentinels to the sanctity of the space.

The air inside was cool and carried the faint scent of stone and snow, a quiet contrast to the grandeur before them.

Echoes of their steps traveled far and wide to all corners in a soothing rhythm of sound.

They continued to walk through several fat and tall pillars, and Northern was almost at his

limit.

He was almost about to ask his guide when exactly they would get to their destination when the man turned to the left, walking into the shadows cast between two pillars. Northern was shocked. It hadn’t occurred to him that there could be a way there, and he had even missed when shadows began to occur between the pillars because of how tired he was. He followed anyway and grew even more surprised as they climbed stairs so wide that hundred people could hold hands and walk on them at the same step.

After the stairs, they passed through an arching doorway and entered a grandiose hall.

The hall’s pristine white walls glowed faintly under the soft golden light of an ornate chandelier that hung high above.

The room was a symphony of symmetry, with twin sweeping staircases curving upward like the arms of a poised host welcoming its guests.

Each step was dressed in a pale blue carpet, the fabric rich and flawless, cascading down like

streams of frozen water.

Banners adorned the walls, their deep azure contrasting with the pale elegance of the

surroundings, each emblazoned with a crest that whispered of old traditions and the

unshakable authority of the academy.

Marble lions perched on the balustrades, their faces regal yet fierce, as if silently guarding the

secrets of the place.

Golden sconces lined the walls, holding lanterns whose gentle light flickered like stars,

casting faint shadows that danced across the immaculate floor.

Northern and the man’s footsteps echoed softly as they entered and climbed the curving stairs

on their right. They walked through another hallway and finally came before a double door.

The man stopped in front of the door and spoke to Northern for the first time since they

started walking.

“This is the head examiner’s office?”

Northern sighed.

“Finally. I wonder if he ever goes to the gate.”
_______________________________________

Chapter 622: Professor Heimburger
After the man’s knock, the door moved slightly, opening a little bit-enough for golden light to seep through.

He looked at the guy, who stepped back a little bit and gestured for Northern to move inside with his hands.

Northern swallowed and gently pushed the door open and entered the office.

The place was a grand interior that stood in solemn splendor, the warm glow of candlelight flickering across the ornate furnishings.

An impressive wooden desk dominated the center of the room, its intricate carvings and gilded trim betraying the wealth and status of its owner.

Towering bookcases lined the side of the room to the left, filled with tomes spanning subjects from history to philosophy.

Antique globes, brass instruments, and other curiosities sat atop the shelves, lending an air of scholarly sophistication.

Ornate gothic-style windows framed the view outside, the fading daylight casting a warm glow across the richly appointed space.

A plush area rug covered the ornate tile floor, its swirling patterns adding visual interest.

In one corner, a seating area with finely upholstered armchairs invited guests to converse or peruse the owner’s collection.

Northern looked around for a few moments. He had expected to see the owner of this place behind his luxurious table, but the high chair sat alone.

But he was sure the door had opened and the guide that brought him all the way here had gestured for him to come in like someone was inside.

He suddenly heard the sound of something tumbling on each other.

Northern narrowed his eyes and turned his head to where the sound had come from, using his delicate eyes to see through the shelves of books.

Behind the third shelves, a pile of books had fallen.

“Heyyo! Little help here anybody!” A thick but slightly rough voice sounded. The voice was as if mucus was permanently stuck in their throat.

Northern quickly moved across the shelves and removed the pile of books, grabbed the man’s hand and pulled him up.

The first thing Northern noticed about the man was the tough and rough palms the moment his hands touched the man’s, then the strength it took to lift the man out of the pile of books.

Usually, he wouldn’t be worried about the strength it took, but Northern felt like he had drawn much of his strength that he should have needed to pull a man of this height.

His eyes fell down on the figure that was dusting his violently draping cloak.

“Hayya hayya, lad, thank you, I thought I was gonna die in there hayy.”

The man’s white, flowing beard was enormous enough for a bird to nest within it and live for days without being noticed.

Perhaps by the way his hands kept digging into it and combing through, there was one already living there?

Northern stood, frozen, astonished by the Santa that was standing right before him.

‘Santa… Claus…’

But if he wasn’t mistaken, the height, the beard, the structure of the man’s face, the way his eyes curved downwards, reflecting a deep, foreboding well that held in its depth eons of wisdom.

His face was marked by prominent lines of age and experience, conveying a sense of profound knowledge. He stood upright, and the best he could do was reach just below Northern’s waist.

‘What a profound shortness… he can’t be a dwarf, can he?’

Northern wasn’t sure dwarves were a confirmed existence in this world. But if elves were, then there was a possibility that dwarves existed too.

If so, what else would explain this astonishing heart for such an old man?

‘Even Hao is not this short.’

“Hayy, boy, you must be the new applicant for the position of a… uhmm, hayyaa, what’s it again…?” He scratched his bush of a beard as he struggled to remember.

“Instructor.” Northern whispered lightly, saving both of them from the old man’s dying brain.

“Hayyaa! That it is. That! But that position now, boy holds too significant value to be given out haphazardly, you know.”

The man said as he walked out of the bookshelves, slowly making his way back to the main

room.

Northern followed closely from behind, a little bent, he didn’t know why-the man was clearly older than him by perhaps decades.

The air around the old man just sort of demanded it.

The man paused and walked around his table. Northern watched as the man struggled to climb the tall chair, he lifted himself up with his arms and used his legs to climb upon the

chair.

After that, he collapsed on the seat for a few seconds, breathing heavily, before sitting up on the chair. His head barely managed to rise above the table.

Northern shook his head slightly after watching all these unfold.

‘Yeah… no way he goes to the gate.’

The man picked a set of small round glasses and fixed them onto his eyes, resting them on his pointed nose.

He rummaged through the files on his table and brought out a particular one, looking through it while digging his fingers into his white beard.

“Hmmph, I have your papers here with me. They do speak well of you. And, hayyy, you are a prodigy. I almost find this impossible to believe. A Sage at sixteen.”

Northern stood silently, crossing his hands behind his back and watching the man read through the papers for a few more seconds.

He finally dropped it and fixed Northern with his deep scrutinizing gaze.

“Hayyya, my name is Professor Heimburger Gandall. You can call me Professor Heim for short. Some delinquent lads dare to call me the Short Burger Professor, I advise you not to

partake in such flapdoodle.”

Northern nodded, “Trust me, I can tell how infuriating that can be. Rest assured, I understand your situation and fully relate to it.”

The professor paused for a moment, blinking in confusion.

“Uhmm… I’m not sure what you mean, but haayyy. Come, sit here, let’s start your interview.” Professor Heimburger pointed to one of the chairs in front of his table, looking at Northern.
_______________________________________

Chapter 623: The Interview
Northern, after the man’s kind gesture, took light steps forward and sank his butt into the plush brown chair. He was a little tense.

Again in his life, he was in a position where he felt he could not control the outcome of this certain event. The feeling made him nervous and irritated at the same time. He clenched his hands tightly.

“Hay hay, no need for you to be nervous now, boy. This is going to be a walk in the park.”

Northern smiled politely and made it clear in a calm and cold tone. “I am not nervous at all, Professor Heim.”

The chunky Professor gave Northern a serious and somewhat unreadable expression, then cleared his throat.

A few seconds of silence drifted through the luxurious office, raising the luminescence banner of the bright day star as golden light radiantly permeated the tall windows behind the Professor.

The place was almost blinding, but the rays of light shifted subtly and did not obstruct anything, especially not Northern’s vision.

The man’s thick and mature voice pierced through the silence with a lace of seriousness that seemed to densify the air.

“So, here it says you have never attended the academy.” Professor Heimburger lowered his eyeballs to look at Northern through his glasses.

“Yes,”

“And you want to be an instructor here?”

Northern nodded carefully. “Yes.”

The professor went silent, closing his downturned eyes for a moment as he shook his head. He opened his eyes and met Northern’s gaze with an intense look of passion.

“Young boy, Rian. You are full of talent. You are an outstanding and marvelous existence. You are what this world would refer to as a prodigy. A Sage at sixteen years old-the world has never seen such a phenomenon. You, boy, are extraordinary!”

Northern squinted his eyes. ‘Don’t tell me this guy is about to give me unwarranted advice?’

His guess was impeccably correct! Heimburger’s voice continued to ring in Northern’s ears without pause.

“Now, if you were to take all that talent and put it into learning, can you imagine what you would achieve? You would be the best to ever exist. I know you have responsibilities, you want to get paid and also enjoy the privileges of an instructor, but hay, lad, four years is just a blink away. You’ll be done with your section of learning and ready to work!”

Northern’s entire disposition suddenly shifted. His expression became grave.

Aside from the obvious change in his eyes, there were some unseen things that could very well be felt by someone of Heimburger’s caliber.

After all, he kept his mouth shut suddenly and blinked several times, even trying to withstand the burning glint in Northern’s ethereal blue eyes.

“You seem to be mistaken about a few things, Professor.”

The professor almost leaped out of his skin at the cold sound of Northern’s voice.

“I am not trying to be the best to ever exist. Why should I try to be something that I already am? Despite being a Sage, there’s not a single person in this academy that can drive me to one knee. To simply put, this place has nothing to offer to me, nothing to teach an existence such as myself.”

The professor’s brows curved slightly.

“Oh? Did I annoy you? Or sound too cocky? Is that what you think? I could show you. Here, take my hand.” Northern said, stretching out his hand on the table for Heimburger to take. Heimburger hesitated, an unsure look drifting through his pupils like uncoordinated winds. “Sure… boy.” He pressed his lips and slowly touched Northern’s hand.

The moment he did, however, he jumped instantaneously, attempting to leap as far away from Northern as he could, smacking his fragile frame against the window and slipping down like a wiped-off stain.

He lay on the ground wide-eyed, heaving with buckets of sweat rolling down his face. Northern rose from the shadows he cast on the ground, bending in front of the Professor.

“Do you understand a fraction of what I am trying to say?”

“Wha—wha- what are you? What is that darkness? In all my one hundred and fifty years of living, I have never, never seen such a force of existence. Who are you?”

Northern shrugged. “You tell me. I am not the one who has lived for a hundred and fifty years.” He said and stood up.

Then he put his hands in his pocket, looking down on the Professor, his chin raised.

“I have no desire to become a student. It’s also understandable if you can’t give me the position of an instructor. I will just take my leave.”

‘Now to rely on what Thalen had said.’

Northern turned away and was walking, but Professor Heimburger’s voice called for him.

“Boy…”

Northern’s lips immediately curled up.

The Professor slowly got up to his feet, his breath rough as he found it difficult to flawlessly piece his speech together.

“We cannot offer you the position of an instructor just like that. Even that of an interim instructor. There’s a strict rule of the academy never to hire outsiders. We only hire people who graduated from this school. However, I could make an exception for you. If you promise me one thing.”

Northern narrowed his eyes. ‘I don’t like where this is going.’

He lingered for a few minutes, his eyes drifting here and there, then his focus returned, as did

his voice.

“What is this promise?”

“You will accept. You will accept the position…”

Northern tilted his head slightly with a puzzled look on his face.

“The promise you want me to make to you is that I will accept the offer you want to make to

me?”

Professor Heimburger nodded with a serious look on his weathered face.

“That is weird… but sure, I guess. What is your condition?” Northern asked, while thinking, ‘What matters is that I am able to do the things that I need to do.’

The professor’s mood seemed to lift as he exhaled and spoke.

“I will offer you a position of interim assistant instructor, my assistant instructor. You will, however, still have to pick up a course, because the academy rules are the academy rules. You can pick up shorter years’ courses. When you are done, you can be promoted to a full

instructor.”

Northern was silent for a few seconds, thinking. Then he asked, “Is craftsmanship, particularly blacksmithing, part of these shorter years’ courses?”

“Oh, yes, of course. You’ll find any kind of craftsmanship in the academy, taught by the very

best of the continents.”

“And must I be your assistant instructor?”

Professor Heimburger nodded gravely. “That part is important.”

Northern narrowed his eyes at the Professor. ‘After showing him a short depth of the void,

what he wants is for me to be his assistant. Now that is suspicious and interesting.’

A corner of his lips curled.

‘But it doesn’t matter what his agenda is. I can just kill him if it gets in my way. What matters

is I am able to do the things I want to do.’

“One more thing… this is very important.”

Professor Heimburger’s eyes lit up as Northern’s voice rang out.

“Yes, boy?”

“Do I have to report to you every day, from the main campus all the way to this place?”

“Huh? No, no, child. I have an office in the main compound that you will be in charge of. You will only need to come here when I summon you, which will be very few, as we can communicate without having to see each other. Seeing you, in fact, devastates my gentle

soul.”

Northern smiled contentedly. “Alright, then. This can work.”
_______________________________________

Chapter 624: Within Expectations
After accepting the offer, Northern was shown his way back to the main campus-specifically, to the dormitory.

Because he was a part-time student and an interim assistant instructor, he was given a personal dormitory for himself.

However, it was still attached to the students’ dormitory and not the instructors’ quarters.

One way or another, he was still somewhat of a student. The only difference was that he had the liberty to not attend some classes without anyone questioning him.

He still needed to participate in school events and special programs and could join the student council if he qualified.

The professor had even mentioned that a tailor would come around to take his measurements, after which his set of student uniforms would be sent.

When Northern thought about wearing a student uniform, it didn’t feel entirely right or wrong. He was sixteen years old, after all.

He sighed softly as his eyes drifted across the room.

The prominent color of the air was a luxurious cream that seemed to proudly lament its subtle, calming beauty.

To one corner was Northern’s bed, which was meant for him alone. It wasn’t as large as the master bed he had slept on in Tharion Citadel, but it was a vast improvement from the single bed he had occupied during his prison days at his first rift.

It seemed large enough for two people to sleep on if they lay on their sides.

Next to the wall, at the head of the bed, was his wardrobe-a two-door piece that would accommodate all of his luggage. Beyond the wardrobe was the room’s window.

From his window, he could see the generous compound of the dormitory. The angle of his window allowed him to peer towards the garden on the left side and a portion of the fountain. He could also see a small part of the pathway that led to the gate, though not the gate itself. The academy had several dormitories, and this was just one of them, built in a large royal mansion style, with numerous windows mounting the front, sides, and back of the gigantic edifice.

Two dining halls existed in the building, and every student was expected to converge and eat in both halls.

Of course, he could choose not to eat at the dining hall due to the privileges of his unique student status, but he still had to go there to receive his food.

Northern was unsure how he would fare among a crowd of spoiled kids who deluded themselves with controlled and contained strength.

Within the walls of the academy, the strongest of them couldn’t compare to the weakest of the survivors from the Dark Continents.

Sure, he might outpower them in talent, but experience, dangerous wit, and the resolve of a diseased vermin that the survivor had developed over time could, if not careful, crush the goldspawn’s entire will.

All that he had been taught would mean nothing before someone who had been ruthlessly schooled by the Dark Continent for almost two years.

And yes, Northern was not fond of these kids at all.

He turned away from the window, walking barely five steps to his table and chair, situated at the opposite corner of the wall.

The door leading to his bathroom and toilet was in the third corner of the room, positioned opposite the foot of his bed. The fifth corner led to the hallway.

Northern pulled out the chair and sat down, laying his head on the table and closing his eyes for a moment.

Slowly, his consciousness drifted into a cloudy, smoky, and comforting darkness.

And he fell asleep.

A man with slicked-back silver hair was walking down the same hallway Northern had traversed several hours ago.

The evening light cast an orange glow on one side of his figure, ghastly reflecting off his scar- ridden face.

His eyes emitted a soft lavender glow as he walked forward, his face as rigid as a stone boulder.

His entire form was beyond physically fit-his shoulders wide and huge, his frame and body so defined, as if the hands of an obsessed sculptor had painstakingly carved every detail.

Each movement of his legs created a sinking, echoing sound that traveled through the air, resonating with the rest of his body in a perfect, synchronized motion. fɾeewebnoveℓ.co๓

The scars on his face seemed more than enough to tell the crude level of his experience. The stony, focused, and sharp look in his eyes reflected the subdued madness of a warrior.

He finally reached the professor’s office, knocked, and entered.

The professor was pacing at his table when the man entered.

The man’s voice, as imposing as his appearance-like thick cracks breaking through a strong wall-resounded.

“Professor, you summoned me.”

“Ah, Instructor Darvill. There is something urgent that I must discuss with you.”

Instructor Darvill, noticing Professor Heimburger’s rough breathing and forming sweat, furrowed his brows slightly.

“Professor, is everything alright? You seem to be hyperventilating.”

“Don’t worry about me. I am fine. You are the only one I can trust with this information. I also trust that you will not, under any circumstances, engage him. If what I saw in that boy is more enormous than he showed, that alone makes him a threat that no one can singlehandedly handle in the academy.”

Professor Darvill’s frown became gravely serious.

“What are you talking about, Professor?”

The professor wiped the perspiration from his forehead with the back of his hand and stood still, facing Instructor Darvill.

“I just admitted a new part-time student into the Craftsmanship course. He is also an interim assistant instructor to me.”

Instructor Darvill’s mouth opened slightly, his eyes widening with surprise.

“If the rumors are true, you’ve never been known to use an assistant in the past hundred years of your life in this academy. What brought about this sudden decision?” Though expressing surprise, Darvill’s tone remained measured, controlled, and empty.

“He is dangerous. I can’t let anyone else supervise him. In the right hands, he could be a savior, and in the wrong hands, he could be a disaster. I trust you, Darvill. Aside from graduating from the academy, you’ve been teaching here for over ten years. I want you to carefully observe and watch this boy. Watch what he does, but do not engage him in

anything.”

Instructor Darvill, his softly glinting eyes fixed on the Professor, nodded.

“Alright, Professor. I will do that.”

Northern finally raised his head after an unexpected but comforting sleep. His eyes glowed

eerily as he straightened his back.

“As expected… predictable fools,” he muttered.
_______________________________________

Chapter 625: Full Potential
After the tailor came to take his measurements, Northern spent two days indoors before his uniform arrived, and he was eventually ready for his first day of school.

During those two days, he kept himself busy with two important tasks.

The first was meditation. Now that two entirely different entities resided in his body, he wanted to ensure he had-if not complete control-at least some understanding of them. Hence, he meditated repeatedly, not trying to control or direct the flow of Chaos and Void.

In fact, these two entities had different flows. He didn’t notice the Void essence flowing within his veins at all.

This led him to an amazing discovery: he was packed with such an endless amount of Void essence that it needn’t flow. fгee𝑤ebɳoveɭ.cm

Usually, the flow of essence in the body is directed through meditation and cultivated by a specific, tailored style to help the drifter achieve several results.

The goal was to make the essence last longer and become more dense, making it possible to reinforce the body with essence.

Reinforcing weapons and armor with essence was an entirely different challenge that only the most formidable drifters could achieve. Regardless of rank, essence cultivation became available to every drifter the moment they became a Master.

Chaos, however, was different. It had a flow, and he had only a small amount running in his body. The flow was unpredictable; when he tried following it, he became confused and lost several times.

It took him time to finally realize that the Chaos flow had no two patterns alike—it was pure havoc wreaking havoc in his body.

The only reason this could actively occur in his body while he remained fine on the outside was due to the corelessness and formlessness of his soul.

In the two days of trying to understand Void and Chaos, he was unable to discover anything

new.

Void, he already knew sufficient information about, since the Void itself resided in him, its memories buried somewhere in his memory.

But the Chaos-a much larger part of it existed elsewhere-and Northern couldn’t help but feel liable. Unless he absorbed that larger part, he didn’t think he’d be able to rid himself of the feeling.

After absorbing the Chaos core of the rift, his Chaos essence and body had grown tremendously. However, when compared to the vast amount of Void essence he possessed, it was like a bright illuminant struggling to shine within a world of shadows, slowly sinking into darkness, its light barely generating.

This was why he needed to find the rest of those plague rifts-they were his only lead to obtaining more Chaos essence.

But right now, all that would need to wait until two years. What he wanted to do was endlessly absorb talents for the next six months.

After which, he would dedicate himself to growth, learning, and rigorous training for the next two years.

The second thing Northern was able to control was his combat mastery.

After Dante’s demonstration, things had taken an easier turn for him.

Plus, thanks to Chaos, he was getting more of a handle on his body. The speed talent absorbed into his body became much more usable.

Northern successfully inspected all other areas of his talents, both new and old.

One talent Northern knew little about, even after gaining two new ranks and abilities, was Nsair Embers.

He had not been giving the talent much attention, despite it belonging to the caliber of a Paragon. Plus, it now had nine abilities.

After inspecting it, he discovered that the ability was the strongest within his possession, subjectively.

When talking about pure applications without any boost from Void and Chaos essence, or him DIY-ing the ability like he had done with Ice Manipulation, Nsair’s Ember was purely the strongest.

The two abilities Northern was familiar with were Fire Feet and Eternal Blaze.

Fire Feet applied heat and flames to his feet to increase his speed and kick damage simultaneously, while Eternal Blaze rose pillars of flames with heat intense enough to vaporize water.

Then he had seven more unexplored abilities:

[Sun Of Flame], [Heat Compass], [Flame Sword], [Flame Frenzy], [Hidden Moon], [Shar Nsair], [Embrace Of The Lost Heat]

Sun Of Flame could create a sun that would sit behind his back and generate flame blasts for as long as his essence was available. With it, it became harder for anyone to come closer to him, since the heat around him raised a vaporizing smoke that drifted endlessly.

Heat Compass was a simple ability that easily detected presence and attacks based on minimal heat generation, thus allowing his attacks and counterattacks to never miss the mark. He could never miss any attack coming.

It was a similar ability to Danger Sense, with each one filling in for the other’s weaknesses. Danger Sense was useless if his enemy managed to attack without the intent of killing him or erased the danger of their attack in some way.

Heat Compass was useless if his enemy moved without generating heat, which was impossible, as long as motion is involved, heat is generated.

But nothing was impossible in Ul’Trael, especially if his target turned out to be a Tyrant or an Origin-he’d be cooked.

In such a case, one ability was bound to fill in for the other. And Danger Sense was a part of him that was always active, thanks to Chaos Eyes absorbing Eyes of Intent.

Flame Sword, as the name implied, created a sword made out of flames and could create as many as hands required.

However, each Flame Sword was limited to a single explosive attack. When Northern saw the firepower in the Limitless Void, he understood why the Emperor of Luinngard did not use his

full power.

Simply, there was no way that small empire would have survived it.

Flame Frenzy was a power-up. It filled him with hysterical strength and caused flames to envelope his entire body. He felt his strength double as the flames swallowed his form and fervently danced across his body.

Hidden Moon was an ability that masked him in hot black smoke. Apart from making him invincible and invisible, anyone trapped inside suffered a slow heat deterioration of their

body.

As for the rest, Northern did not have enough time to test them out-he was interrupted by the delivery of his school uniform.
_______________________________________

Chapter 626: Pretty Boy
Northern stood in front of his wardrobe. When he opened the right door, it revealed an in- built mirror on the other side.

He stared at himself for a long time, grooming his hair and smoothing out every single rumple on the ensemble.

Apart from being a part-time student, Northern was in the non-combative part of the academy. They were known for wearing black instead of the usual academy white.

Like every other student, they wore a white V-neck inner shirt with black pants and could choose between knee-high boots or fine, sleek shoes. Northern opted for the latter-a set of boots he had acquired in South Drywall and worn to Arcadia.

These boots had marched through blood-soaked ground and remained sturdy; this was Northern’s only reason for not wearing the new pairs of shoes that came with the uniform.

Instead of black stripes on the sides of the trousers, theirs had blue. A black jacket was worn over the V-neck ancient-style inner shirt.

Their uniform, Northern considered, was peculiar. It had a confusing blend of ancient eastern dressing and modernity.

It could have been a coincidence, or he was not the first person from Earth to come to Ul’Trael. He had often thought about this since the day he heard of his father’s last name.

But he had always instantly shoved such thoughts to the back of his mind-those were not the times to concern himself with such matters.

And even now, he was not concerned. Yet, he didn’t mind finding out. Since the academy was a repository of knowledge, he would be on the lookout for this information.

On the jacket, he could choose to use a belt at its waist or let it fly around his body. Lastly was his school badge.

Northern walked over to the table, his feet kicking the nylon packaging. He looked at the bronze metal on the table and picked it up.

Since he was in a non-combative school, he did not receive a ranked badge.

Ranked badges were divided into three colors: bronze, silver, and gold.

The ranks of one’s soul or class of talent had nothing to do with how the ranked badges were distributed. They were based solely on entrance examination performance.

There was no hierarchy among non-combative students, so they automatically received a bronze badge, placing them at the weakest point.

Of course, should there be any need for a student to prove they were not weak, they always had their identity card from either a private or public citadel.

But this badge alone subjected students to an instantaneous societal classification that could either break or make them.

Northern took another deep look at the badge. It had his name inscribed upon it.

Lael, Artemis Rian.

He called the name with pride and fixed the badge on his chest.

Then he went back to the front of the wardrobe, gently pulling out the door and checking himself one last time.

The length of his hair had been cut to just above eye level and then tinted black and blue.

The black and blue hue of his hair gave him a very unique and flawlessly handsome edge. His eyes were sharp and narrow.

His blue eyeballs looked like an incomprehensible ocean of suppressed darkness, held within the swift and unreadable glance of a young, pretty boy.

Northern raised a corner of his lips, touching his chin slightly.

“Crap, I might fall in love with myself at this rate. Who’d have thought black hair fits me better than white? Or is it because of the tint at the edges and roots?”

Northern squinted his eyes and meticulously checked as he thought aloud.

He eventually shrugged and turned away, grabbing the bottomless cross bag.

It had gone through a thorough washing, and after all it had been through, the bag had regained its plush brown leather look.

Northern wore it across his torso and walked out of his room, throwing one last glance at his luxurious cubicle before locking the door and strutting down the hallway.

While walking, Northern met several other students, many of whom wore white rather than black. In fact, he looked like the only person from this dormitory who belonged to the non- combative school.

People worked in pairs of two, three, and four and threw glances at him.

The girls blushed and whispered among themselves. The guys glared at him with

contemptuous eyes.

Northern, however, did not care enough to look at anyone twice. The only one he was looking for was anyone wearing black, because this place was too gigantic for him to find the non- combative school on his own.

Northern finally reached outside the gate. He stood and watched everyone walk towards the right like a flock of scattered ships.

Then he turned his head to the left and was about to open Chaos Eyes to stretch his vision’s distance limit but stopped midway.

“Wow. Cool. You detected me.”

Northern turned around, disgust wrinkling his nose. He was silent for a second before responding, his tone dripping with irritation.

“Yes. I did.”

“Most people can’t. It’s not because of lack in abilities. It’s because of my low essence,” the boy standing in front of Northern blabbed.

The boy had short, slightly messy silver-blonde hair, with a few loose strands running over the goggles he wore on his forehead.

He had a cheerful and confident demeanor, smiling brightly with a relaxed posture as he spouted his entire life’s secrets to Northern in barely two seconds of meeting.

“I was born with a low essence talent. I have a cool, amazing talent that makes me able to produce lightning, but because of my low essence, I can’t even generate enough lightning to power an illuminant. Hahahaha. It’s so funny, I know, right?”

Northern, with utter confusion squeezing his facial features, looked at the boy from head to feet and feet to head.

He was clothed in a high-necked shirt layered under leather straps and a harness, giving him a rugged and adventurous look.

A silver dog tag hung around his neck. His rolled-up sleeves revealed muscular forearms, showing he was accustomed to labor.

A black jacket was tied around his waist, adding a casual vibe, and a small tool peeked out from the utility belt he was wearing.

“Who are you supposed to be?” Northern inquired with a raised eyebrow.

“Oh, bollocks. I didn’t even introduce myself. I thought I could sneak up on you when I saw

that you were wearing black. I used to sneak up on so many people, you know, and many people would not even realize that I was there. If I wanted to be a thief, I bet I’d be a prominent one. Haha, that was just a joke.”

He paused, chuckling a bit, staring down at Northern with his sharp green almond-shaped eyes. He looked stupid and intelligent at the same time-a little difficult to put into words.

Like a generally dumb person, but tremendously intellectual in a certain area, perhaps even a

genius.

Northern shook his head. ‘Nah, this one is just talkative.’
_______________________________________

Chapter 627: Blabbermouth
Northern glared obstinately into the guy’s eyes.

At that point, he almost shivered, scratching the side of his hair and smiling with his eyes. “Ha ha, forgive me. I have this tendency to derail. Sometimes, I can just be talking about serious matters and I just start derailing and talking about things that don’t matter…”

Northern’s glare intensified, almost shooting lasers. The boy, as he met Northern’s gaze, quickly recollected himself.

“Oh bollocks, look at me doing it again. My name is Asterman Fellihman. You can call me Aster.”

Northern sighed almost silently, “Alright, Aster. Do you know where people that wear this uniform…” Northern pointed to himself, “…usually go to?”

“Of course. That was actually why I approached you. I am a second-year Artificer. Did you doll up like that because it’s your first day?”

Northern squeezed his face, raising a brow.

“I beg your pardon?”

“Oh. You are new. ‘Dolls’ is a term we use for the other school that loves to wear their uniform all the time, twenty-four, seven. But you know, we are allowed to wear anything we want, as long as it permits you to work without any dangers. Now, this school uniform, for us non- combative students, is just a ceremonial dress.”

Northern opened his mouth slightly. “I see… that explains why I didn’t see anyone wearing what I was wearing.”

“Very few of us stay in Tollimer Dormitory, but yes, that too.”

Northern took a glance at the gate. It was there, arching over the gate of the dormitory- Asten Tollimer.

If there was one thing he had noticed since his three days in the academy, it was the fact that this was the norm with almost every building.

For example, the gateman that took him to Professor Heim three days ago had called the building Tryfe Gazel Hall.

And then there was Tollimer Dormitory. He couldn’t be too sure until he saw this motif in several other buildings, and Northern considered this too trivial to ask Aster about.

If he could, he would love to keep things silent between him and the blabbermouth, although he doubted if that was going to be possible.

Northern looked at the boy, “So, Aster. Can you take me to the non-combative school?”

“What course? I am doing the Artificing course, like I said before. I am an Artificer, so yes, of course I am doing Artificing, ha ha ha…”

“Blacksmithing and Weapon Forging.” Northern interrupted. freēwēbnovel.com

“Oh. Blacksmithing?” Aster gave Northern a stare that insinuated he was judging.

“With that body? The guys in Blacksmithing are usually more…”

“Can you lead the way?” The look in Northern’s eyes suddenly made it difficult to keep his carefree and running mouth nature.

Aster stifled his mouth and swallowed whatever words he had left.

Then he turned to the right. “Follow me, please.”

‘Right? Guess I was wrong.’ Northern followed the blabbermouth.

For the first few seconds, everywhere was silent. Northern was happy about it. The silence and peace as they walked allowed him to concentrate on the daystar for once in his life.

Its luminance was soft and warm. Because of the distance of the star from them, it was a bit dissolved by several atmospheric rays.

This not only dulled the intensity of the heat emitted but also affected the spectrum of colors it refracted, hence casting a pale violet with a slight hint of golden glow on the surrounding.

It was an ecstatic beauty. Northern couldn’t help but picture a family picnic on a rich lush of grass, with these resplendent light rays gently beating their exposed skin.

But he was also well aware that this was wishful thinking.

‘At least, right now, it is…’

“So, I didn’t quite catch your name, fella.”

And this was where Northern’s silent peace came to a saddening end.

“I didn’t throw it either…” Northern’s response was curt and rude in all manners.

His entire disposition was enough to inform any sane person to mind their business and walk

on.

But either Aster just didn’t seem to get the message or was born from the laborious womb of stubbornness.

“You know, I am from the Kingdom of Yale.”

Northern continued to walk forward without answering, his gaze straight and stern. And yet.

“In the Kingdom of Yale, there are several strong drifters. I don’t know if you are familiar with the world of drifters. You should know The Voiceless Crow. He is from Yale and belongs to Shunin Citadel, which is part of the top five strongest citadels in the world. Do you know even he wasn’t able to make it to the academy because he failed the exam? They said he was talentless and offered him a non-combative course.”

Northern continued walking, painstakingly.

“They say that people in non-combative school will never amount to anything because they are useless. But The Voiceless Crow proved them wrong. Today, he is the best scout to ever exist, and every citadel, even the government, would die to have him.

“I am proud to say I am a citizen of Yale today because Voiceless Crow never gave up, because my elder brother never gave up.”

He beamed with a radiant smile and looked at Northern as they trekked forward.

“Don’t be sad that you got a non-combative course. If you set your heart to it, you will become strong, the best. You will become great. All you need is determination and a spirit that never gives up.”

Northern paused. He turned to Aster with a grim expression darkening his facial features.

“Aster.”

“Yes, fella?”

“How many more minutes till we get to the Blacksmithing and Weapon Forging building?”

“You can just call it LaRosa Workshop.”

“Whatever the dumbfuck it is called, I really don’t care, Aster. How many more minutes?”

“Ooouuu,” “Aster feverishly blew air through his mouth like he wanted to whistle. “You are an

edgy one, aren’t you?”

Northern’s dark and dangerous gaze lingered.

“In ten more minutes, we will probably get there.”

Northern dropped his shoulders with a sigh. ‘Dumbfuck, ten more minutes to suffer?’

“Lead the way,” he said, dispirited.

“Sure.” Aster took the front, his relaxing and carefree demeanor quickly returning like it

never left.

He gave it a rest for a few seconds, then his voice rang out again.

“You know, the point I am trying to say is, you can be great too, even without being in the combative school. You can also be like my brother, Voiceless Crow, who is now a Master and a renowned scout.”

‘Darn, I can’t take this anymore!’ Northern paused, his brows twitching. He turned his face to

Aster.

Seeing Northern’s gloomy face and suddenly feeling an oppressive coldness around him,

Aster gulped, dropping a pearl of sweat.

“Did I ever complain to you, Aster?”

He fervently shook his head. “No, you did not.”

“Good. Thank you regardless. I would have needed it if you told me two years ago. But now, I

am great already. Your speech is useless.”

Northern went silent and breathed in deeply.

The look in his eyes became even more dark, softly glinting with an azure light.

“Now for the rest of these nine minutes we have left, if you speak again, those nine minutes

are going to be the worst nine minutes of your life, both the past and the future. I promise you Aster, I promise you with everything in me.”

As his voice dropped between them, Aster couldn’t help but feel like a sharp dagger laced with poison was insidiously sweeping across his thick neck.
_______________________________________

Chapter 628: First Day In School [Part 1]
Aster didn’t need to announce where they were. From a distance, as they walked closer, Northern could already hear the crude clangor of metals frivolously ripping the air apart.

As they approached the smithy, the first thing he noticed was its sheer scale. The building stood like a fortress of industry, its walls constructed from dark stone that bore the marks of time and countless fiery battles.

Massive oregon iron beams reinforced the structure, their rivets glowing faintly as if imbued with latent heat. The roof, a sweeping dome of the same oregon metal but more blackened than the beams, caught the sunlight, reflecting it in golden flashes where it wasn’t dulled by

soot.

A towering chimney pierced the sky, belching columns of smoke that mingled with the low- hanging clouds, announcing the forge’s activity against the backdrop of the mountain and wildlife.

Around its base, a network of pipes and vents hissed with the steady exhalation of steam, lending the air a humid, metallic tang.

Aster’s steps finally came to a stop, and so did Northern’s. Unmiraculously, Northern’s threat had worked perfectly.

Northern had meant every word of the threat: if Aster had continued talking, his plan was to release all the void aura he had been suppressing since entering and have the boy pass out cold on the ground.

The blabbermouth pointed to the industry-like building before them.

“There is LaRosa Workshop.”

Northern already knew-anyone would, given how announcing the building itself was.

“I see. Thank you, Aster.” Northern gave a short response and focused on the building.

He thought Aster would have silently walked away until he heard the boy’s modulated voice reach his ears.

“So won’t you at least give me your name? Can’t keep calling you ‘Fella’ forever, you know.”

Northern sighed internally, looked over his shoulder, and said to Aster, “My name is Lael, or Artemis. Whichever suits you.”

“Okay, I’ll just go ahead and call you Art. Because now we are friends.”

Northern rolled his eyes away and started to stroll towards the smithy.

“My workshop is just a stone’s throw away from here, you know, towards your right!”

Northern closed his eyes for a moment and willfully ignored the boy’s shout.

Very few people were walking around this place, and Northern liked that not even one of them cared enough to look in his direction.

Everyone strode with a level of haste and purpose that insinuated they were super busy. freewebnσvel.cm

Northern finally stopped close in front of LaRosa Workshop, breathing in the edifice before bringing his gaze down.

The entrance was marked by double doors crafted from solid steel, etched with intricate carvings of roaring flames, twisting gears, and mythical creatures-symbols of creation and destruction.

Each door was flanked by statues of hammer-wielding smiths, their faces stoic and their stances powerful, as if they guarded the secrets of the craft within.

Above the doorway, a massive cogwheel spun lazily, powered by some unseen mechanism, its rhythmic clinking underscoring the smithy’s heartbeat.

As Northern entered the smithy, the first thing he noticed in the enormous, hot space were wagons laden with mineral ore and supplies queuing at the loading bays, while students in casual, body-fitting black and white shirts and trousers darted to and fro, their arms piled high with tools or raw materials.

Even from the threshold, Northern could feel the heat radiating from within, a relentless pulse that seemed to reach out and challenge him.

The faint scent of burning coal and hot iron filled his lungs as he stood there at the entrance, the symphony of clanging hammers and roaring fires threatening to rip his eardrums apart.

Inside, the smithy spread wide and high like a cathedral of craftsmanship, aglow with the molten light of countless forges.

Walls of blackened stone bore intricate carvings of legendary weapons and the forge legends themselves.

Enormous chimneys ascended toward the dark heavens of the smithy. Inside, a labyrinth of workstations bustled with blacksmiths of all specialties, each immersed in their craft.

Rows of anvils sat atop reinforced bases, their surfaces worn smooth by centuries of labor.

Bellows, powered by a blend of manual effort and hydraulic mechanisms, fed roaring flames that danced in the massive forges.

A series of overhead cranes transported heavy ingots across the smithy, while grindstones and sharpening wheels spun at dizzying speeds under the steady hands of several students.

In the corner, a pool of water and a barrel of oil served as quenching stations, their surfaces rippling with steam.

Racks upon racks of tools-hammers, tongs, chisels, and punches-lined the walls, each gleaming with the promise of precision.

A specialized section featured magical runes and alchemical inscriptions, where enchanted alloys were shaped into artifacts of legend.

Northern stood there, his head slowly twisting, enraptured by the uncanny beauty of this place. The smell of sweat, the intense heat, the busyness, the violent sound of metals, the coordination and discipline that existed in this building-they were all to his pleasing.

He loved it and started to think.

‘Learning Blacksmithing might turn out to be the greatest decision I have ever made for myself.’ Northern’s lips curled out a fulfilling smile.

“What a weird kid. You know, take off those fancy clothes and get working. Shampoo, show him the drills.”

Northern did not have the opportunity to see the man for more than one second; his thick monotonous voice carried his words too quickly, complementing his hasty demeanor.

That one second, however, was enough for someone like Northern to make out his entire

physique.

This man had a muscular build, with broad shoulders and arms that seemed forged themselves. His red hair, styled in a rugged manner, complemented his confident and almost arrogant demeanor.

A neatly trimmed beard framed his strong jawline, enhancing his aura of experience and

authority.

His outfit was practical yet iconic: a heavy brown leather apron adorned with reinforced metal plates, protecting him during his craft.

Around his waist was a belt loaded with various blacksmithing tools, from hammers to tongs, each meticulously placed for easy access.

His hands held a large, custom-designed hammer, the kind that could shape both steel and legends, to his right shoulder. His boots and bracers were sturdy, made for long hours of

labor.

Despite his rugged appearance, there was a spark of intelligence in his eyes, hinting at someone as thoughtful as he is skilled.

Northern watched him stride purposefully out of the smithy and beyond.

The person he had called, Shampoo, arrived in front of Northern. He was a lithe-looking guy with a slightly bent frame, perhaps his posture over the years had contributed to that.

His eyes examined Northern for a few seconds.

Then Northern caught the flash of a villainous grin. He raised a brow, ‘Huh? Did I imagine it?’

The boy adjusted his glasses and raised his chin, looking down on Northern even though they

were around the same age.

“Today is your first day, right. Did you come with your work suits?”

Northern frowned, “I don’t even know what those are.”

“Look at this runt. Talking back at your senior, foolish freshman, you will know your place

soon.”

Northern tilted his head, innocently shocked, “Heh?”
_______________________________________

Chapter 629: First Day In School [Part 2]
Of course, Northern had not expected that any being who set their eyes upon him should instantly know that he was the greatest of all time without having to be told.

He was not famous at all; perhaps only the survivors of the dark continent would know him quite well. But here in the vast Central Plains, it was not so. Nor did he have any expectation in that regard―he had never even thought about it.

However, there’s this thing that humans have: it’s called being honest to oneself.

How a human of a certain class and caliber should be able to discern immediately when another is way beyond their level and humble themselves before inviting unnecessary insult.

At least, Northern felt like that was a thing. Or was it not?

It had to be. Humans had this unparalleled ability granted to them by the nature of their fear and greed to recognize greatness when they saw one and act accordingly.

What then could be the case with this strange boy, whom without a second look, anyone would deduce was the lowest-level character in this workshop, a ground-level mob character?

Frail figure, uses glasses, has a nickname. Because there was no way in the twelve constellations that his name would be Shampoo.

Northern bet that this name probably had something to do with his reproach to his first day in school, which turned out to be pretty embarrassing for him.

‘And now he is trying to do the same thing to me, hoping that mine will overwrite his…hm, I see, that is why he is so blinded that he can’t see it. He is desperate to be accepted and recognized even though weak and useless…’

A cold light glinted menacingly in Northern’s eyes as he leered at the boy.

‘How unlucky…’

“Wh-what are you looking at?”

With the cold menace that Northern was emitting, even the strongest in the room would stutter-not Shampoo.

“Tell me, Shampoo, where do I get a change of clothes?”

The boy’s face contorted darkly as his brows creased together.

“How dare you call me that?! Know your place, you freshman…”

Northern flashed a grin. ‘I was right…’ Almost immediately, a look of boredom climbed his face. ‘But seriously, even his tone lacks the power needed for a successful intimidation.’

The boy sounded like a whelp trying to act tough.

‘If I touch him, he could break all his bones before I get to inflict any satisfying pain. Tsk, this has to be the peak of uselessness. Can’t even be a sturdy punching bag.’

Northern visibly clicked his tongue in irritation.

“What is that look on your face? I am warning you.”

“Where can I get extra clothes?”

The boy gritted his teeth, his eyes burning viciously, desperate for attention, which was the one thing he wasn’t getting, even from the new boy.

Northern wasn’t even looking at him and instead admired the smithy with a delighted smile plastered to his face. His entire demeanor conformed to convey that he perceived no significant being before him.

And that only infuriated the boy more and more. But right now, Shampoo could not do anything. The number one rule of the workshop was that there was no fighting in the smithy.

If not, he would have bulldozed the new guy and beaten the shit out of him. With that thin, fragile body and pale skin like he was sick, Shampoo was sure he would be able to do numbers on Northern.

Now was not the time, however; he would have to wait for lunch break. He adjusted his glasses and looked down at Northern once again, a vicious smirk marring his face.

“There are no extra clothes. So you will probably have to work bare-chested today.”

Northern sighed. ‘I would prefer not to walk around with my chest flying around if possible. It’s been a while since I’ve seen even my own chest.’

“Alright, Shampoo. Where is the changing room?”

The boy grimaced, biting his lips madly.

But the look of indifference and uninterest hung lazily on Northern’s face.

“I’ll just find it myself then.”

He walked away, heading towards another student that was offloading his wagon and asked the way to the changing room.

The boy pointed towards an exit at the corner where they cool weapons.

Northern naturally, with power and purpose, strutted towards the place, entering the exit that read ‘Changing Room’.

All the while, Shampoo glared at Northern from the entrance where he stood.

Then a nasty grin besmirched his face. “Let’s see how long you will last. The heat of this place is so strong that even the head forgemaster can’t dare to work bare-chested. A fragile boy like you? I’m sure you will faint in barely one hour.”

The boy paused, “What am I saying? One hour is too much. Let’s give him ten minutes!” He returned to his station of work, offloading his own wagon of mineral ores.

A few minutes later, the door to the changing room opened and someone majestically walked out, his pale skin almost glowing under the golden light that filtered through the high

windows.

The forgemaster dipping a newly forged sword into the water was the first to notice; he turned his head, eyes widening.

“What a body,” he muttered, but loud enough for the other forgemaster that was just leaving

to notice.

The other one, a brunette-haired man with bushy beards and mustache, immediately ran close to Northern, running his hand across him to feel the texture of his skin. Northern frowned and took a step back. When he saw the man coming, he thought it was for something important, only to have him crazily touching him.

“What is the meaning of this?” Northern demanded with an overwhelming authoritative

tone.

The forgemaster’s eyes widened, “What amazing power? Boy, where are you from? You new?”

Northern’s frown slowly relaxed as he answered the man, “Yes. I am. Today is my first day.” His eyes, however, stayed on the man, warning off any suspicious attempts with just the

vicious light in their depth.

“Come under my wing. I will teach you all that there is to learn about the art and act of forge.” “Oi oi oi, look at you being a gobblemaster. Come work under you? Really?” The first forgemaster walked closer to them; he had dropped the sword he was cooling off.

He reached Northern’s side, brushing his little grey beards framing his golem-like face.

“Boy, this guy’s skill is second-rated. Come to me. I and the head forgemaster learned from the same master, the very best of the continent for a hundred years before he went back to the

constellations.”

At this point, every other student but sophomores and first-years who were busy working all paused, staring with a shocked expression.

The smithy has three forgemasters, whose skills are beyond legendary. Each of them has an immediate instructor who teaches the students directly; they are never known to express any interest in teaching anyone themselves. All they do is forge weapons or throw insults at

anyone doing a crappy job.

However, right now, two of the three forgemasters are fighting over teaching a single boy?

Shampoo, from where he was stationed, stared with wide and trembling eyes.

‘What is going on? This is not how this was supposed to go.’

Unbeknownst to him, in his attempt to humiliate Northern, he had set the stage for him to

shine.
_______________________________________

Chapter 630: The Legendary Blacksmith [Part 1]
Even amongst the strength and energy-demanding non-combative courses, blacksmithing was different. The strength and power it demanded and built up in its practitioners placed them on a different stratum.

Of course, in the end, talent comes to play a mammoth role in who ultimately is stronger. But no students overcome their physical limits more than blacksmiths.

Blacksmithing was more than just swinging a hammer or enduring endless hours in the heat of a forge.

It was an art form that demanded precision, endurance, and the perfect synergy of strength and control.

To master it, one’s body had to become a machine in itself a finely tuned construct of muscle, bone, and resilience.

Not just brute force, but tempered power, capable of explosive bursts without wasting an ounce of energy.

This was why, as Northern stood amidst the roaring furnaces and glowing embers, the forgemasters’ eyes swept over him with a peculiar intensity.

They weren’t admiring bulk or size; they were measuring potential.

His frame, lean yet impossibly taut, radiated a strength that defied convention. His muscles, coiled and compact, didn’t boast the oversized girth of most blacksmiths but instead held a subtle sharpness, as though every fiber had been refined under pressure.

It was a body built for efficiency, for speed and precision.

Each movement he made seemed purposeful, the alignment of his form betraying a natural affinity for the rhythm of the forge.

The forgemasters exchanged knowing glances, recognizing something extraordinary- Northern’s body could not be ordinary. It seemed like it had been forged deliberately by something, only that they couldn’t tell what it was or how it had come to be.

“You’ve got the makings of a blacksmith,” one of them-the brunette-haired one-said finally, his voice gruff with admiration.

“But not like the rest of us. Your muscles-” his hand gestured vaguely, as if words failed him, “—they’re like tempered steel. Stronger, sharper… different.”

The other forgemaster grinned, his eyes narrowing as he studied Northern’s posture. “If you take up the craft, boy, your body’ll change even more. Blacksmithing doesn’t just demand strength-it reshapes you. Refines you. But with a foundation like yours….” He trailed off, shaking his head in disbelief. “You won’t just forge weapons; you’ll forge yourself into something we’ve never seen before.”

Northern shifted under their scrutiny, feeling the weight of their words settle over him. He could sense it in their tone: awe, curiosity, and maybe even a hint of envy.

“Lean strength,” one of them muttered, almost to himself. “It’s rare. Most of us had to build it the hard way, hammer blow by hammer blow, till we turned into walking anvils. But you-” his gaze sharpened, “-you’re already there. All you need is the forge to finish the job.”

Northern said nothing; he just stood there expressionless and thought for a moment.

‘Could this be caused by the fact that Void changed my body? Perhaps this may be the best time to test the limit of my body and forge it into something even more vile.’

Northern flashed a small smile and looked at both forgemasters.

But there was a problem. These two wanted him to choose. No. He didn’t want to.

He stared at them intently, and at the same time, their gazes gripped their balls firmly, waiting for his decision.

“I’d like to learn from both of you and if possible the head forgemaster too.”

“Huh?” The grey-haired forgemaster growled, his eyes viciously burning with a faint pale light like fire that had been so much tempered and lost its orange light, transforming into something tender, insidious, and unhurriedly destructive.

“Boy, how dare you? You might have a gifted body but your manners are a disappointment. Do you know who we are? We are the best in this entire continent. Weapons forged by Santhik here alone are sought and pursued by even the best of drifters out there. Not to speak of me, the great Ironwill. And then the head forgemaster, who hails from the divine lineage of Embervein.”

“Hey, you bastard, why do you speak of me like I’m some second-rated guy…” The grey- bearded blacksmith groaned, glaring grudgingly at Ironwill.

“That’s not the point here. The point is this boy certainly does not know our greatness and takes us for granted because of his gifted body. Isn’t that nettling?”

“Hmmpph, hmph, you are right. He certainly is full of pride. It won’t do.”

Northern exhaled. “In the end… your weapons are mundane weapons, and are outdone by item weapons harvested from slain monsters. According to my research, only one blacksmith has ever been able to repair items. Since then, no one has ever been able to. Doesn’t that make all of you second-rated?

“You all stand here before me, chanting about how great you are, but you don’t even measure up to one single person who has lived and carved a path that many should have surpassed a long time ago. Don’t speak to me about manners and pride.”

A melancholic glint ignited in Northern’s eyes, and he pointed to both of them.

“Certainly, neither of you deserves to be my teacher.”

The entire workshop fell dead silent again.

The two of them gritted their teeth, their faces folding darkly as their fists clenched with veins almost popping out on their hands.

“How dare you talk down on the two continental greatest blacksmiths,” Ironwill marched forward with palpable burning wrath.

But he stopped midway as he saw someone enter the smithy. They each gulped as the person, steps as light as a feather, drew closer to Northern.

The figure’s crimson hair, tied back in a loose ponytail, flared like a banner of war with every subtle movement, the stray strands framing a face that spoke of both fire and mischief.

A white headband cut across their brow, soaked with the sweat of their labor, yet unyielding -just like its wearer.

“Oh? So what are you implying… freshman.”

Northern turned around as an accent that strangely reflected the nature of this environment

reached his ears.

“…are you saying the forgemaster’s incompetent?”

Compared to the confidence that radiated from her like the heat of the forge, her voice was surprisingly warm like a crackling ember that had not gone out.

Northern tilted his head slightly. “If they feel that what they are right now is the best of them, then you took the word right out of my mouth.”

Northern’s gaze did not falter, not even a tad bit. He glared into the woman’s eyes with a cold, indifferent light burning in his deep gaze.

Suddenly the girl beamed and began to cackle with a loud laughter that resonated across the

gravely silent workshop.

Her trembling shoulders slowly came to a stop as she finished laughing. And then she looked

at the forgemasters who were standing behind Northern.

“See, this is what I’m always telling you. You guys are so incompetent it irks me. Certainly

this boy sees it.”