Shadow Slave - PART 128
Chapters 1271 to 1280
==============================


                                Chapter 1271 The Krill
--------------------
The battle between the Azure Serpent and the krill swarm did not last long, but it was the most terrifying event Sunny had seen since entering the Third Nightmare.

The Great Beast completely lost its mind as it fought the legion of vile abominations. Stirred by its fury, the water seethed and roiled, sometimes exploding into colossal fountains of scarlet foam, sometimes rising in titanic waves. The magnitude of these undulations was so severe that the whole island rocked and swayed like a ship caught in the middle of a world-ending storm.

The cacophony of wrathful roars and thunderous sonic booms merged into a deafening litany, to the point that both Sunny and Nephis were forced to plug their ears.

Thousands of attacking krill were destroyed... but the swarm did not seem diminished at all. Instead, no matter how furiously the Azure Serpent fought, more and more abominations were lunging at it, their thin legs moving in gluttonous anticipation.

At first, the water armor the leviathan had created protected its prodigious body, but eventually it failed. One krill struggled past the repelling current of the whirlpool, then two, then a hundred. Their teeth scraped powerlessly against the impenetrable azure scales...

However, after suffering through three dire battles with the Dark Butterfly, the Azure Serpent was battered and littered with wounds. Its body had already been covered by countless scars before, and now, there were numerous new ones. Some scales were broken, some cracked, and some were missing entirely.

It was only a matter of time before one of the krill managed to draw blood... then two, then a hundred. Even though their size was minuscule in comparison to the great river serpent, they were Corrupted abominations nevertheless, and their painful bites added up.

The pain did not slow the Azure Serpent down, though. Instead, it became even more enraged, even more deranged, even more frenzied. The battle, which had already been frightening to look at, suddenly exploded in intensity, reaching a realm that went beyond fear.

Standing on the swaying shell of the Black Turtle, Sunny and Nephis watched the boiling river with pale faces. Before Sunny knew what was happening, he found himself holding Neph's hand... he did not know which one of them grasped the other's hand first, but felt that this simple touch was his only lifeline in a world that had lost all reason.

He also did not know how much time had passed.

All Sunny knew was that the battle... was changing.

The Azure Serpent did not manage to destroy the krill swarm. However, the swarm had also failed to consume the serpent.

But their goal was not the mad leviathan, in the first place.

The serpent was rampaging in the waters infested by the krill, but the swarm was simply too vast. Thousands of abominations at its edges simply rushed past the Great Beast and continued toward the carcass of the Black Turtle, their translucent bodies turning crimson as they dove into the cloudy red water.

Noticing that, the Azure Serpent let out an infuriated roar, but there was little it could do. The main mass of the swarm surrounded it like a cage, and no matter how forcefully it slammed into its shifting barrier, it couldn't break free.

Suddenly, Sunny felt a purifying warmth enter his body and soul. Looking down, he saw a soft glow rising from his skin, and glanced at Nephis with a silent question.

Her lips seemed dry.

"Bow... I think you should summon your bow."

He lingered for a moment, and then his eyes glinted darkly. Sparks of light ignited around his hand and formed into a black bow with a scarlet string. Then, an arrow that was like a bolt of lightning appeared out of nothing.

Drawing Morgan's Warbow, Sunny aimed at the seething mass of the approaching krill, and let the Strike of Thunder loose. The lightning flashed toward the crimson water and exploded, sending arcs of electricity flying across the surface of the river.

The monstrous krill were about the length of Sunny's arm, with carapaces so thin that they appeared transparent. Still, they were Corrupted Beasts, so their shells were tough enough to resist a direct hit from a railgun, and their teeth were sharp enough to tear through armored MWPs as if they were made from paper.

But Sunny and his bow were augmented both by the shadows and the soulflame, granting his arrow tremendous power. Which was why he soon heard a familiar voice whispering into his ear:

[You have slain a Corrupted Beast, River Locust.]

[Your shadow grows stronger.]

[You have slain a Corrupted Beast, River Locust.]

[Your shadow grows stronger.]

[You have slain a Corrupted Beast, River Locust.]

[Your shadow grows stronger...]

Without stopping to listen to the Spell, Sunny sensed a flood of shadow fragments pouring into his soul and drew the string of the warbow again.

He did not hope to stop the advance of the krill swarm, and neither did he hope to help the Azure Serpent prevail. Even if Sunny killed a hundred abominations, he wouldn't be putting a tiny dent in the swarm.

Rather, what he was doing was pure opportunism. Nephis needed to burn the enemy with her flames or consume the soul shard like a normal Awakened to receive fragments, but Sunny just needed a kill. So, he could just as well use the opportunity to strengthen himself.

Sunny managed to fire off a few soul arrows and the Strike of Thunder once more before the krill reached the Black Turtle, reaping a rich harvest of lives. Then, however, it became too dangerous to remain near the edge of the island - even though the revolting creatures could not crawl out of the water, they showed themselves capable of jumping out of it with enough force to propel their translucent bodies through the air.

After one of the krill landed a mere dozen or so meters away from them and scurried forward before being pierced by a black arrow, Sunny and Nephis decided to retreat.

Below them, thousands of Corrupted Beasts were fruitlessly trying to bite into the impregnable black scales of the dead behemoth. Some, however, were already swimming into the gaping wound under its flipper.

Further away, the Azure Serpent finally managed to break the cage of the greatly diminished swarm and shot through the water in pursuit.

It looked terribly mangled, bleeding from a thousand tiny bites. Some of the krill even seemed to have burrowed into the open wounds, just like the serpent itself had burrowed into the body of the Black Turtle before.

Despite that, the Great Beast seemed just as murderous and consumed by madness as ever.

'...The old snake did it. It actually... won?'

Even though many krill had managed to reach the carcass and swim inside, the swarm was undeniably broken.

The Azure Serpent - and the two humans it was hunting - were going to live another day.

**********


                                Chapter 1272 Paradise Lost
--------------------
That night, the island was quaking without pause. Sunny and Nephis hid in their fissure, not daring to close their eyes - even though a mass of impregnable black rock separated them from the flesh of the Black Turtle, it was unnerving to know that thousands of Corrupted Beasts were currently slithering somewhere below them, shredding the meat of the Great Monster with their terrible glass-like teeth.

The Azure Serpent was also there, hunting down the invaders. Although they couldn't hear its roars, the violent vibrations spreading through the island told them what was going on.

Sunny looked away from the shimmering runes, somewhat startled at how easily he had earned a large amount of shadow fragments. After another violent tremor had shaken the island, he finally closed his eyes.

However, it was not to sleep.

Instead, Sunny tried to imagine... tried to convince himself that he was the Azure Serpent. He was crawling through the grotesque tunnel of bleeding flesh, which he himself had created to kill the hateful carapace monster, furiously hunting the vile creatures who dared to steal his trophy. His long, mighty body was burning from pain, but Sunny did not care.

All he cared about was slaughter, blood, and retribution.

Noticing a tiny warm gnawing on the wall of the tunnel, he let out a terrifying growl and shot forward, destroying the vermin and tearing a large chunk of meat out of the wall with his powerful jaws.

But, behind it, more vermin were revealed, stolen meat digesting in their transparent stomachs.

With madness painting the cloudy world red, Sunny roared and slammed into them with obliterating fury.

'Is this the feeling? Am I on the right path?'

Opening his eyes, he stared into the darkness with an absent expression. Then, he looked at Nephis.

Some time later, Sunny said:

"I feel like our chances of making it off this island alive are dwindling."

She remained silent for a while.

"...So what if they are?"

White flames ignited in her eyes, illuminating them with a pale radiance.

"Has it been any different before?"

Hearing that, Sunny chuckled.

"True... we never had it easy."

He studied her face, then turned to look at the Sin of Solace and sighed.

"Still, I hope that this Nightmare will be better than my Second one. Oh, it's not much of a competition. I must have died a thousand times there... even though I only remember a handful of those deaths, the Third Nightmare surely can't turn out any worse than that."

Nephis turned and looked at him, then smiled faintly.

"Of course. In the worst case, we'll just die once. That's nothing, right?"

As the dark island shook and quaked around them, Sunny grinned.

"Dying once? Child's play! Gods, anyone can do it. You're right, I was worried about nothing."

As they laughed quietly, the Sin of Solace smiled, too.

His smile was bright and full of sinister amusement.

***

The next day after the attack of the krill swarm, the butterfly descended from the skies again. And two days after that, another flying abomination appeared silently in the darkness of the night.

Neither Sunny nor Nephis saw it, but in the morning, the surface of the island was awash with black, fetid blood. It seemed that it was the butterfly that had battled the late contender this time, ripping it to shreds before it had the chance to approach the remains of the Black Turtle.

It must have taken an injury in that battle because the Azure Serpent received more days than usual to recover from its dire wounds.

Then, as they drifted further downstream, a second krill swarm attacked, this one even larger than the first. The battle between the mad leviathan and the vast River Locust swarm lasted for an entire day, and its result was pretty much the same - thousands of translucent abominations slithered into the carcass of the Black Turtle, and the battered serpent followed to hunt them down.

However, what met it inside was another Great Beast - a vile creature made of numerous tentacles and spongy pale flesh - that had snuck to feast on the insides of the turtle while the river serpent had been fighting the krill.

Sunny and Nephis knew how it looked because the Azure Serpent brought its revolting body outside and rose high above the water before swallowing the corpse whole. That was how they learned why a powerful earthquake had suddenly thrown the world into spasms and convulsions before.

...On that day, to their horror, they discovered a deep crack snaking its way through the surface of the Black Turtle's shell. It was not too large, but the fact that the stone carapace of the dead monster had been broken from the inside was indescribably concerning.

Next morning, Nephis went to the edge of the island instead of practicing with Sunny, as they usually did, and spent several hours staring at the water. Then, she brought back disturbing news.

The carcass of the Black Turtle... was higher than it had been before. The parts of it that had been hidden underwater were now dry and exposed.

This meant that a considerable amount of the dead behemoth's flesh had already been devoured by the Azure Serpent, the marauding krill, and the pale thief, thus reducing its weight and increasing its buoyancy. It was also the reason why the swaying and the shaking of the island had grown much more severe lately.

The carapace of the Black Turtle was deteriorating and cracking under the strain of harrowing battles raging around and inside of it, and at the same time, it was being gradually hollowed out by the Nightmare Creatures of the Great River.

Their titanic shelter was slowly coming undone under them.

Worse yet, in the coming days, the number of abominations arriving to feast on the corpse of the titanic monster only increased. There were more krill, more dwellers of the deep, and more winged horrors being lured to it by the scent of blood.

It was a carnival of horror.

The Azure Serpent and the Dark Butterfly were like champions among them, slaying all invaders and occasionally clashing with each other.

But that only made the situation worse.

Now, the dreadful inhabitants of the Great River were attracted not only by the blood of the Black Turtle, but also by the blood of unfortunate abominations that had been slain in their attempt to feast on the turtle's meat.

'This can't go on much longer... it just can't...'

Both Sunny and Nephis knew that doom was swiftly approaching.

However, there was nothing they could do.

No matter how much they hoped and how diligently they watched the horizon, there was no sign of anything that could save them.

There was no land and no ships anywhere in sight. There was not even a piece of flotsam drifting on the waves.

Only a vast, deep, and endlessly flowing expanse of water that shone under the dreamlike radiance of the seven beautiful suns.

**********


                                Chapter 1273 Collapse
--------------------
"Sunny! Wake up!"

Sunny opened his eyes and tensed. Sensing the world through the shadows, he couldn't feel any danger, but there was urgency in Neph's voice. Something was wrong.

As his mind entered a state of battle readiness, he pushed himself off the ground and briefly studied the fissure. It was still night, so everything was enveloped in deep darkness... that darkness, of course, could not hinder his sight. Sunny saw every detail of their small camp and of the weathered walls of black rock surrounding it.

Everything seemed fine.

Saint, who was guarding them from high above, was also calm.

He turned to Nephis and asked, "What is going on?"

She pressed a finger against her lips and whispered, "There was a sound."

The next moment, he heard it too. A dull, echoing crackle that came from somewhere below, spreading through the rock in a subtle vibration. Like a stone breaking.

He frowned. 'What is this...'

Sunny and Nephis froze, listening to the eerie sounds coming from within the carapace of the Black Turtle. They had not dared to venture there after salvaging the meat. The shell had been hollowed out, but they didn't know by how much, and even though they had heard the sounds of Nightmare Creatures inside the carcass of the Great Monster from time to time, this crackling was entirely new.

A small whirlwind of sparks appeared in the air, manifesting into a softly glowing paper lantern. Placing it on the lid of the Covetous Coffer, Nephis lowered her head and pressed her ear to the ground.

There was another cracking sound, and she suddenly flinched.

At the same time, Sunny's pupils narrowed as he noticed something that was out of place in their fissure.

A small, thin crack appeared on the floor of the ravine. Just as Neph flinched, it suddenly grew, spreading through the black rock in both directions.

Then, it climbed a few meters up the wall, and when the cracking noise disappeared, a small piece of rock splintered and tumbled down.

Neph's face suddenly grew pale. "I think it's going to brea..."

Before she could finish, there was another sound, this one so loud that it was almost deafening. Sunny felt the ground suddenly shift under him, and then the entire island shook violently.

"It's breaking!"

Before he even knew what was happening, Sunny jumped. As Nephis and he soared into the air, the floor of the fissure below them suddenly split and collapsed, revealing a vast cavern of darkness and crimson flesh below.

Their small camp was instantly swallowed. Except for the Memories like the Coffer that were dismissed and disappeared in a whirlwind of sparks, everything else - the fire pit, the sleeping bag, the bed made of soft moss, and the rest of it - fell into the darkness in a rain of stone shards.

But the collapse was not over yet.

As Sunny collided against the vertical wall of the fissure and grabbed onto the rocks, the walls tilted, too. A horrible stench of blood entered his nostrils, and he saw the small crack he had noticed before expanding. Countless new ones appeared, as well, and the entire ravine suddenly moved.

'Goddammit!'

Struggling to outrun the disaster, Sunny pushed himself off the wall and jumped higher. He was aiming to repeat the process and send himself to the surface with the next jump, but the spot that he was aiming for suddenly broke off and plummeted down in an avalanche of stone. Cursing, Sunny manifested the shadows to create a foothold instead.

A split second later, he flew out of the fissure, rolled on the ground, then dashed back to its edge and grabbed Neph's hand, helping her climb out.

As soon as they rolled away in a heap, the entire edge split off and crumbled down.

A panicked thought that the entire island was falling apart entered Sunny's mind.

However, the devastation was not as absolute.

As the two of them watched, the landscape of the Black Turtle's shell was changing. It seemed that the schism originated from the location below the central region, where their camp had been located. Wide cracks spread through the black stone, and a wide surface either crumbled entirely or at least sank, forming deep craters.

The rest of the island was affected, too, but to a smaller degree. It was just a chain reaction that forced the ground to tilt and slide into the water by a few meters.

Nevertheless, their shelter was still afloat.

Sunny belatedly realized that he was practically laying on Nephis. Their limbs were entangled, and both of them were covered in stone dust. Struggling to breathe, he slowly pushed himself away and stood up. A couple moments later, she followed.

Standing dazedly above the newly formed pit, Sunny and Nephis looked down with bleak faces.

Their camp, where they had spent so many peaceful nights, was gone.

Much worse, the dark island was showing signs of breaking apart. It was just a part of the central region today, but there would be more collapses in the future. Eventually, the entire shell would crumble, leaving them stranded and lost in the sea of deadly abominations.

After almost a month of peace, they finally reached a true crisis.

Sunny and Nephis looked at each other, not knowing what to say.

Eventually, he broke the silence: "We need to get off this island."

Nephis lingered for a moment.

"Yes. But how?"

Sunny looked away with a dark expression. He didn't know. It was not as if they had not been preparing for this inevitable situation - they had tried to come up with a feasible plan dozens of times.

However, there was no such plan to come up with.

The Azure Serpent was still waiting for them in the water, and the Dark Butterfly was still ruling over the sky. Worse than that, many more abominations were prowling the surrounding waters, including the harrowing swarms of krill.

If the island sank, they were going to die.

If it didn't sink, the Azure Serpent would eventually be killed, and they would be devoured by either the monstrous butterfly or some other Great Nightmare Creature.

There seemed to be no escape.

Staring into the pit filled with stone rubble, Sunny sighed.

'Now... now, it finally feels like a real Nightmare.'

A sad smile appeared on his pale face.

**********


                                Chapter 1274 Time of Truth
--------------------
The seven suns were shining in the azure sky. Sunny was sitting close to the slope of the island, staring fixedly at the flowing water. His eyes were dark and tired. With the temporary camp destroyed, he felt strangely homeless. Much worse, neither he nor Nephis had managed to come up with a viable solution for their fatal problem.

They had considered many things. Every Memory in their possession had been studied and examined, but none of them, nor any combination of them, revealed a way out of the perilous situation. The best they could hope for was prolonging their stay on the carapace of the Black Turtle, somewhat.

They could use the Dark Shaper to try and repair the cracks in the stone shell. There were other unreliable measures, as well... but that would just buy them a few more days, at most.

There were other Memories that they could use to try to escape. But attempting escape was tantamount to suicide. The Great Nightmare Creatures guarding both the water and the sky were not something they could outrun.

...Then, there were Sunny's Shadows.

He had once thought that Saint was their best hope of slaying the Azure Serpent. However, after witnessing the mad beast in battle, he didn't think that the taciturn knight could achieve such a feat anymore. Not only because she could not enter the water, but also because his plan to augment her with both the shadows and the white flames had been crushed.

Saint... could not receive the blessing of the fire. Or rather, she could not reap its full benefits. The augmentation had worked perfectly fine in his basement before the Southern Campaign, but Saint underwent a fundamental transformation after that. She was now a Devil whose body and soul were infused with elemental darkness. And while true darkness somehow worked in tandem with Sunny's shadows, it refused to accept Neph's light.

Saint could either use one or the other. In any case, the result was not nearly as powerful as Sunny had imagined it to be.

They could bestow the power of shadow flame on his other Transcendent Devil, though. Sadly, Imp was not nearly as formidable of a warrior as Saint. On top of that... the little bastard was in a coma. Or a food coma, at least.

The scrawny goblin had finally stopped devouring the tarnished silver and fell into a deep slumber. Sunny had a hunch that after the great mass of mystical metal was fully digested, his gluttonous fiend would grow much stronger. But there was no telling how long it would take, so he sent Imp into the nurturing black flames of his soul to complete the evolution in peace.

In any case, Imp was of no help for now. The same went for Nightmare. The tenebrous steed had loyally guarded their dreams and subjugated a good number of them, but he was still an Awakened Terror. Even if the black stallion managed to unlock his Terror Ability, he was no match for a Great Beast... let alone a Great Monster like the Dark Butterfly.

So, Sunny and Nephs had no tools that could help them escape from the shell of the Black Turtle.

...Which was why Sunny was sitting on the cold stones and staring aimlessly at the water. The water... was much less cloudy than it had been before. The vivid red color had receded, turning pale pink. The Black Turtle only had so much blood, after all, and by now, most of it had dissolved in the endless current of the Great River.

As he looked, the water suddenly foamed, and a giant serpentine head rose from its depths. A familiar gaze pierced him, brimming with hatred and madness. The Azure Serpent... did not look too good. Just like the carcass of the Black Turtle, which had once seemed grand and indestructible, was now pitiful and hollow, the Great Beast was in a dire state.

One of its cloudy eyes was gone, replaced by a bloody hole. Half of the terrifying fangs in its obliterating maw were either cracked or broken. Whole chunks of flesh were missing from its long neck, revealing red meat and white bone.

And yet... the Azure Serpent was undeterred. It was just the same. Its fury was the same, its hunger was the same, and its mad determination to kill the two humans was the same.

The Great Beast stared at Sunny, and Sunny stared at the Great Beast. "Aren't you a persistent one?" His voice sounded grim and hoarse.

Sunny remained silent for a while, then suddenly spat: "But what do you even know? Do you think you're so special? I know fury, too. I know hunger, too. I know madness, too! Oh... and I've killed plenty of creatures more powerful than me, too."

A dark smile appeared on his face. "Who are you to dare stare me down, beast? I am Lost from Light, who was born from the shadows. I am the rightful heir of death and the bastard son of fate. Wherever I go, ruin follows. If you had any sense, you would have run away as soon as you saw me."

He shivered slightly, then sighed. "Ah... but it's too late now. What a pity." Standing behind him, the Sin of Solace laughed with disdain. "Wow. What a speech! What are you, an eighth-grader?"

Ignoring the apparition, Sunny looked away and stood up. There was only one way to leave the island. He had known it for a long time, but felt reluctant to admit it. However, there was no time to lie to himself anymore. Now, it was the time for the truth, no matter how hideous and terrifying it was.

Walking through the crumbling landscape of the dark island, Sunny found Nephis. Despite everything, she was still practicing with her sword... the lethal blade, and its master, were both beautiful. The world of the Great River was lethal and beautiful, too.

Sensing his approach, Nephis stopped and glanced at him with a composed expression. Sunny took a deep breath before coming to stand next to her, looking into her eyes. "I have something to say." She nodded slowly. "What is it?"

Sunny lingered for a moment, then offered her his hand. "Give me your flame. All of it." Nephis frowned slightly, a hint of concern appearing in her striking grey eyes. "Why?" He looked at her silently for a while, thinking.

Sunny had told the old snake that ruin followed wherever he went. But, really, he was the one following ruin around most of the time. The two of them followed each other, unable to separate, just like a shadow and a star casting it could not be separated. They were quite a pitiful pair.

Eventually, he steeled his resolve. "Because I am going to kill the Azure Serpent."

**********


                                Chapter 1275 Last Resort
--------------------
Everything that needed to be said had already been said. Everything that needed to be done had already been done. Granted, there was not much to these preparations. Sunny and Nephis were in a desperate situation, and they could only escape it by resorting to desperate means. This was going to be it. They were either going to live, or die.

Sunny looked at the weathered surface of the Black Turtle's shell as they walked to the shore. The black rock, the green moss, the deep fissures with murky water glistening in some of them... he had spent the first month of the Nightmare here.

It was a harrowing place - or rather, it was supposed to be harrowing. But, strangely, all he could remember about the dark island were happy memories.

Training with Nephis until sweat covered their bodies and a pleasant fatigue settled in their muscles. Laying on the moss and staring at the dreamlike sky, unbothered by the movements of the world. Eating delicious meals and drinking cool, sweet water. Bathing in the warmth of a campfire as they talked to each other, surrounded by darkness.

All of that was coming to an end. It already had.

He... was reluctant to let go of this harrowing paradise.

But there was no other choice.

'Maybe I truly am mad.'

Sunny had entered the Nightmare utterly crushed. From Falcon Scott to the Battle of the Black Skull, he had tasted nothing but bitter failure. He had wished to be strong. He had made this wish come true, only to find out that it was of no use in the end.

As if to mock him, fate had obliterated everything.

However... somehow... he had truly been content on the dark island. Sailing through a river of unholy blood on the corpse of a dreadful monster, being pulled into the past by the current - he had been happy on that journey, and happier still to share it with someone he... was fond of. Was fond of so much.

He had been having fun in the depths of a nightmare.

'...So what if I'm mad?'

He would need madness to survive today.

The three of them - Sunny, and Nephis, and Saint - reached the slope of the island. Below them, the Great River was flowing endlessly, bleak because of the encroaching night.

The darkest hour - the brief time after the suns had already plunged into the river but before the vast expanse of clear water started to glow with soft radiance - was swiftly approaching.

Sunny took a deep breath.

'Calm down. You've prepared for this... you've been preparing this whole time.'

Indeed, Sunny had not spent the whole month simply relaxing and spending idle time with Nephis. He had always known that this unexpected respite was not meant to last. And so, he had been studying the Azure Serpent.

By now, Sunny knew the mad beast much better than he knew most people. He had learned everything about it - how the serpent fought, how the serpent thought. What emotions guided it, what dark passion burned in its vile, corrupted soul.

He also learned how the creature's colossal body moved and worked, down to the smallest detail, as well as how the great river serpent commanded water to turn it into a weapon. In that regard, Sunny's experience fighting side by side with the scions of the House of Night had been of great help.

After coming to learn all these things... Sunny knew for a fact that he would never be able to defeat the Azure Serpent in a battle.

But...

That was if the Azure Serpent was healthy and whole.

It was not anymore.

The Great Beast had been ravaged by the battles with the Dark Butterfly, the harrowing assaults of the krill swarms, and the insidious attacks of the marauding abominations. Its flesh was shredded and frayed, its strength was exhausted, and its mind was clouded by rampant madness.

So, maybe... just maybe... Sunny stood a chance of emerging victorious from the fight.

If he won, they would have to leave the dark island immediately and never look back. Otherwise, the monstrous butterfly was going to descend from the dark sky, notice them, and devour them.

If he lost, he would die.

...At least he would die first, turning the words the Sin of Solace had whispered once into a lie.

'I'm ready.'

With a sigh, Sunny turned to Nephis and offered her a faint smile. He lingered for a few moments, then said evenly:

"The next one is on you."

She nodded seriously, completely missing the humorous undertone.

"Of course."

Sunny shook his head, then took her hand, transferring the Essence Pearl from his soul into hers.

"I was joking, you know?"

Nephis lingered for a moment. Suddenly, she gripped his hand tighter and looked him straight in the eyes.

"...I wasn't."

He held her gaze for several long, poignant seconds before freeing his hand with a sigh. Then, Sunny glanced at Saint.

"You know what to do."

The graceful knight raised her bow with indifferent grace. She had to play an important part in the battle, too - Nephis might not have been able to augment her with the white flames, but Saint had been wearing the Stifled Scream for an entire month.

Better yet, just as Sunny had thought, sailing on the Great River had a strange effect on the Transcendent charm. By now, the enhancement it gifted to the taciturn Shadow was much greater than it was supposed to be. Even without the augmentation of the shadow flame, she was frighteningly powerful.

Finally, Sunny looked back at Nephis.

"Do it."

He felt the purifying warmth flowing into his body and soul, strengthening both. At the same time, all five of his shadows wrapped themselves around him. In an instant, Sunny felt strong enough to crush the black rocks with his bare fists, and shake the entire world with his steps.

Turning to the Great River, he took a deep breath and whispered.

"Lost from Light. Remember. This is your name..."

Then, he opened the gate of the Shadow Lantern and allowed a flood of shadows to flow out of it, drowning the slopes of the island. They flowed down like an avalanche of darkness, eventually touching the water.

Sunny closed his eyes and dissolved into the shadows.

...In the next moment, the shadows moved, and something tore free from their dark embrace.

A giant serpent with scales as black as onyx manifested itself from the darkness and dove into the water with a deafening roar.

**********


                                Chapter 1276 Dance of Monsters
--------------------
Sunny was ready for battle.

Now... he wasn't Sunny anymore.

He was a mighty serpent, clad in an armor of onyx scales, with fangs as sharp as diamonds and enough fury to incinerate the world.

But that was not enough.

Following his wrathful roar, the Shell hiding below his scales turned into the adamantine Mantle. A fearsome obsidian armor encased his flexible body, light as a feather and crafted so intricately as not to restrict his movement in any way.

The water exploded into the air when he dove into the depths... the depths that belonged to him, and him alone.

"OLD SNAKE!"

The call escaped his monstrous maw, turned into a senseless roar.

...What he had done was simple, but also indescribably hard.

He had dove deeper into Shadow Dance than ever before, mirroring both the mind and the physique of a Nightmare Creature. He had not been sure that it would be possible until the last moment, but his meticulous preparation paid off.

It was do or die, nothing less.

He had spent countless hours observing the Azure Serpent and learning everything there was to learn about it. Then, he dissolved into the shadows, and manifested himself back into a tangible form. Finally, he summoned the dead shadow of the Black Turtle, which he had lured into the Lantern, to form a mighty shell around his fragile incarnation.

But, for the first time, the shape of his shell was not that of the shadow fiend. Instead, it was the shape of a monstrous river serpent... the shape of the mad beast whom he feared, admired, and wanted to kill.

Of course, this Shadow Shell could not compare to the real thing. He was only an Ascended, after all, while the Azure Serpent was a Great Beast. It was weaker, less resilient, and smaller - maybe a quarter of the size of the actual abomination.

However, it was suffused with the power of both shadows and soul flame, granting it power well beyond the limits of what an Ascended could possess.

It was also protected by the Mantle, and made to reign the depths.

Only... there was another challenging his reign.

A maddening fury consumed his mind, and he shot forward through the water like a black spear. He could feel it... the scent of blood spilling from the mangled body of the older, stronger beast.

So what if it was older? So what if it was stronger?

It would be torn apart by his fangs, anyway.

The Azure Serpent had felt him, too.

He sensed a vast shadow rising from below to meet him. It was brimming with harrowing power and terrifying madness...

But he was not afraid.

He didn't know how to be afraid.

All he knew was wrath and bloodlust.

The two of them - a colossal serpent covered in beautiful azure scales and a smaller serpent encased in obsidian armor, wreathed in shadows and blinding white radiance - collided in the water, causing gargantuan waves to rise on the surface of the Great River.

Their first collision would have been his last if he had not twisted his body at the last moment, evading the Azure Serpents deadly maw and diving under its belly.

He had to remind himself...

That he was Lost from Light.

He was not a mindless Nightmare Creature. He was not a Beast. He was cunning, resourceful, and skilled. He possessed the honed battle sense of a masterful warrior and the powerful soul of a Tyrant.

It was a strange thing, to both believe that he was a serpent with all his heart and know that he was something else. Losing himself in the dance was just too easy... but his True Name was like a beacon that guided him home.

He... Sunny... understood that he had to remember himself if he wanted to survive. His current form was immensely powerful - no less powerful than a Saint's Transcendent form would have been, perhaps. He could feel the barriers that had been preventing him from mastering the fourth step of Shadow Dance breaking. He could feel his boundless, bestial strength.

But, in front of the Azure Serpent, that strength was almost laughable. Despite the terrible wounds covering the body of the Great Beast, it was still infinitely more powerful than his.

Which was why he had to be devious, cunning, and sober if he wanted to kill his enemy.

He had to be deranged and overcome by fury, too.

...He had to guide his mad fury and sharpen it into a cold and merciless blade.

Sunny twisted his serpentine body, dodging the maw of the ancient abomination, and sunk his fangs into an open wound on the Azure Serpent's neck. It was only for a moment, though - giving up on tearing out a chunk of flesh, he let go and darted upward a split second later.

It was just in time, because the leviathan's jaws snapped closed just a meter behind him in the next moment.

The two of them clashed furiously as they ascended from the depths. The Azure Serpent was much larger, more powerful, and terrifyingly domineering. The black serpent was smaller and more nimble, circling around the dreadful beast and delivering vicious bites one after another.

However, even without being caught in the leviathan's jaws, Sunny was suffering tremendous harm.

As their bodies brushed against each other, a vast stretch of the Mantle cracked and shattered. The shadows below rippled, the internal structure of the shell twisting and breaking apart. The violent currents created by the passing of the Azure Serpent's body were slowing him down, and his dark flesh was sliced open by the creature's dorsal fin.

His shell was bleeding shadows.

His essence was being burned.

His mind was drowning in pain and derangement.

'More! More! More!'

Despite knowing that it would cost him his life, Sunny felt compelled to bite into the enemy's flesh and never let go, to hurt the foe as much as he could, even if it meant death.

To rip apart. To devour. To destroy.

...Instead, he continued to dodge the attacks of the Azure Serpent with clarity and skill, all the while attacking with hatred and fury when he could .

And, all along, he was leading the Great Beast upward.

Finally, they broke the surface and clashed again above the water. The suns were gone, and the river had not started glowing yet.

The shaking world was dark.

With a stifled roar, Sunny dodged the fangs of the Azure Serpent and tried to bite into an open wound on its mangled body, where white bone could be seen. However, before he could, the mad beast's tail crashed into him like an obliterating ram, sending fragments of the Mantle flying through the air and a blinding flash of pain piercing in his soul.

'Argh!'

Sunny fell heavily into the water, and a tall fountain of white foam rose into the sky.

The Azure Serpent let out a demented growl and lunged at him, aiming to bite the hateful worm in half.

...Before he could, however, two arrows - one black, one white - fell from the darkness and pierced its flesh.

Saint and Nephis had joined the battle.

**********


                                Chapter 1277 Fourth Step
--------------------
1277 Fourth Step

Sunny had suffered to lure the Azure Serpent to the surface, but there was a good reason to guide the mad beast there. Two reasons, even — Saint and Nephis.

Although neither of them was as capable of fighting the abomination in the water as Sunny was, they could still play an important role in the battle. It was just that he had to create an opportunity for them to do so.

And he had.

As Sunny was convulsing from pain, two arrows struck the raging leviathan.

One was entirely black, as if forged out of pure darkness… which it was. Augmented both by her [Mantle of Darkness] and [Blade of Darkness] Abilities, as well as the enhancement of the Stifled Scream, Saint's arrow pierced the Azure Serpent's one remaining eye.

It was the darkest hour of the night, and so her strength was at its peak. More than that, this first shot she sent was empowered by the dreadful destructiveness of the [Death Dealer] enchantment, and so it delivered the most damage.

And yet… the giant eye of the ancient leviathan still wasn't destroyed. It was only damaged, becoming painted red — which made the mad beast look even more menacing.

Sunny had put a lot of hope into this first salvo, but he was left disappointed. It didn't matter, though. During their violent ascent, he had been strategically trying to place himself on the side of the Azure Serpent where it was blind… however, there was no advantage to be gained there. Whatever senses the enemy was using to perceive his movements were perfect and precise, even without vision.

His plan to blind the mad beast had been meaningless from the start.

The second arrow was white.

Its impact was not nearly as forceful as that of the first arrow, but it was still quite ferocious.

Nephis had always used a sword, but it was simply a preference. As a Legacy, she had been trained in the use of all kinds of weapons, and that certainly included bows. There was a powerful Memory longbow in her soul arsenal, crafted by the forgemasters of Valor, and several enchanted arrows as well.

But even then, the white arrow barely managed to pierce the flesh of the Azure Serpent despite sliding faithfully into an already existing wound, where the azure scales and the tough skin of the leviathan had already been torn open by the Dark Butterfly. The damage was negligible.

That was just as expected, too. Neph's goal was not to wound the Great Beast with her arrows — instead, it was to deliver the black venom from the overflowing Bitter Cusp into its flesh. She coated the arrowheads with the toxin before each shot.

One dose of the black venom was not going to affect the Azure Serpent much, but ten, twenty, or thirty could weaken it… perhaps.

Sunny did not expect Saint and Nephis to bring the mad beast down. After all, all five shadows and all the soul flame were augmenting him, and him alone — he was the only one with the ability to truly damage the abomination. But they had to harass and weaken it so that he could deliver a fatal strike.

It seemed to be working.

The two arrows had not seriously wounded the Azure Serpent, but they had distracted it for a second. That second was enough for Sunny to shake off the terrible pain of having his soul damaged and slightly repair his shell. Letting out a wrathful hiss, he shot forward and bit into the side of the leviathan.

Even though the Shadow Shell had no taste buds, he could swear that he sensed the salty taste of blood on his tongue.

"That taste drove him into a frenzy."

'Devour… I am going to devour you… I am going to rip you apart!'

Forgetting the pain, forgetting the suffering, Sunny pressed his mighty jaws together in an attempt to savage and mutilate his enemy. It was only through an incredible effort that he forced himself to maintain control and let go, dashing aside just in time to avoid being trapped and crushed in the coils of the Azure Serpent's colossal body.

A drop of cold fear fell into the incinerating inferno of his fury.

'This is dangerous…'

Battling a Great Beast was already perilous enough. But the act of assuming the shape and form of a Nightmare Creature, of diving into its mind and heart so deeply, was in and of itself a great danger. Sunny had used Shadow Dance to read abominations before, but he had never tried to manifest himself into one of them.

It was too easy to get lost in that state — maybe forever.

Even the True Name was not a panacea. He also had to maintain his sense of self... while simultaneously denying it.

Maybe this… this was the fourth step of Shadow Dance.

The ability to preserve his identity while becoming truly formless in mind, body, and soul — and thus infinitely malleable, like all shadows were.

As Sunny nimbly dodged the attacks of the Azure Serpent and lashed out with his sharp fangs and crushing tail, more arrows fell from the darkness.

Saint was not using [Death Dealer] anymore, instead trying to weigh the leviathan down with the help of [Burden of Peace]. Nephis was continuing to poison the Great Beast with the toxin of the Bitter Cusp.

However, the abomination had quickly grown impatient with their harassment. Its movements changed slightly, and the next time the two shot their bows, a tall wave suddenly rose, washing the arrows away.

That gave Sunny an opportunity to deliver a vicious blow, however.

Coiling himself around a mangled span of the Azure Serpent's body, he slithered forward. His sharp dorsal fin bit into the mad beast's flesh, shredding it like a saw.

The soft glow of the brightening water was suddenly painted in a crimson hue.

'Die, die, die… I am going to kill you…'

The Azure Serpent growled and lunged at him, madness burning in its bleeding eye.

It was probably thinking the same.

.

**********


                                Chapter 1278 Mutual Destruction
--------------------
1278 Mutual Destruction

The Great River was foaming and seething, gargantuan waves rising from its softly glowing expanse to crash into the weathered slopes of the crumbling island. Two dark silhouettes — one colossal, the other merely giant — were moving through the raging water, intertwined in a murderous battle.

Sunny had been driven mad by pain and bloodlust. He lost count of the number of blows his obsidian, serpentine body had endured. He also did not know how many times he retaliated, biting the flesh and breaking the scales of the Azure Serpent.

His Mantle was in shambles, the [Living Stone] failing miserably to keep up with the barrage of devastating attacks he had to endure. The fearsome onyx armor was cracked and shattered, revealing the glossy black scales beneath. Many of its segments were entirely destroyed.

The Shadow Shell that it was encasing had been shredded and ravaged, as well. Giant wounds were gaping on it, bleeding shadows. He had been able to repair some of the damage at first, but having the means to do something like that… it seemed so distant now…

There was one thing that filled Sunny with dark glee, though.

It was that the Azure Serpent looked no better than him.

The body of the Great Beast had already been grotesquely mangled before their battle, and now, it was in an even worse state.

The wounds that had closed were reopened. The wounds that had been opened were now wider and more harrowing, with crimson blood flowing out of them into the radiant water. Dozens of arrows were sticking out of the abomination's scarlet flesh. Some of them weighed it down, some sent a deadly toxin circulating through its bloodstream.

But the Azure Serpent's eyes still burned with the same madness.

'Good… ah… good… don't you give up on me, old snake!'

Sunny wanted to kill the hateful beast, but he didn't want that death to be swift. No, he wanted his enemy's agony to last forever. He wanted to tear its flesh with his fangs forever, feel the shudders of pain pulsing through its body forever, hear its pained cries forever…

'Control yourself!'

Snapping out of the consuming madness, he reminded himself of his goal. He needed to kill the Azure Serpent as fast as possible — not only because his essence was not limitless, but also because the chances of him being killed by the Great Beast were much higher than the other way around.

If there was the smallest chance, he had to take it.

It was just that… there were no chances. Still, there were none.

The mad beast was still in full control of both itself and the battlefield. The water flowed and twisted to aid it and constrain Sunny, as if obediently following the ancient serpent's commands. Even with its body looking like that of a battered corpse and its mind flooded with pain, the Azure Serpent remained fixated on the solitary goal of destroying its opponent with a truly insane level of focus.

But Sunny…

Sunny could feel his mind growing muddled, and his reason wavering.

'Oh… I can't go on much longer…'

For the first time since he had assumed the shape of the onyx serpent, the cold realization that defeat was possible entered his consciousness. The thought was so incongruous with the essence of his monstrous form that the Shadow Shell almost came undone.

He held on to his maddening fury and pushed the thoughts of defeat away.

Defeat was not possible. Such a thing did not exist.

He would never lose… he would not lose again!

...That last thought was slightly strange, as if it was not his own.

Grinding his fangs, Sunny pushed his enormous body through the hostile water, aiming to ram the side of the twisting leviathan. He knew that the battle had already turned in his enemy's favor. So, he needed to do something to balance the scales.

But what?

The onyx serpent raged as it burned with the mad desire to destroy his enemy. However, Sunny was also calm and cool-headed.

What advantages did he have that the Great Beast did not possess?

Both of them were already half-dead. He had to kill the enemy… but being killed by the enemy seemed inevitable instead.

So, then…

The two outcomes were not necessarily mutually exclusive. Being killed did not directly stand in the way of achieving his goal. It was only the timing of his death that was the issue.

Sunny was filled with an indescribable, furious determination to slay the Azure Serpent. Nothing mattered in front of this hatred and this consuming need… least of all death. It would be all worth it if he could just feel the life leaving his enemy's bleeding body.

'Mutual destruction…'

Yes… yes, he liked it.

He liked it a lot.

This was the advantage he so desperately needed.

Dangerous flames ignited in Sunny's onyx eyes as he twisted his long neck and glared at the reeling serpent. The Great Beast must have been growing weaker, as well… his attacks and the arrows of his companions were slowly grinding down its boundless endurance. The abomination had been a split second too late and failed to evade being rammed by Sunny's serpentine head.

Which finally gave him the chance.

First, the water.

The water had been constraining Sunny, and so, he had to wrestle the control of it from the Azure Serpent first. With his understanding of the Great Beast and the experience of watching Naeve and Bloodwave fight, he could achieve dominance for a few moments, at least.

Coiling his mighty body like a spring, Sunny shot forward with incredible speed. He moved it in a specific way, forcing a powerful current to rush outward and collide with the opposing one, which had been created by the ancient leviathan. A great whirlpool appeared where the two currents collided, and he tore through it, unopposed.

Second, the target.

The target was the Azure Serpent's titanic spine. Sunny had to sever it no matter what. Usually, the spine would have been protected by layers of impenetrable muscle, a layer of impervious skin, and a dreadful armor of indestructible scales. But the mad beast had been mangled and mutilated by the long weeks of warding off marauding abominations and the eerily monstrous butterfly.

Large chunks of its flesh were missing, revealing bone. At a particular spot just below its head, a long span of the spine was revealed, too. That was a good target to choose, especially because the abomination would not be able to use its jaws to defend it.

And, lastly — the advantage.

Sunny did indeed possess an advantage in the battle of mutual destruction. It was because the Azure Serpent was made of flesh, while he was made of shadows. If he sustained too much damage, the Shadow Shell was going to fall apart… but his incarnation, which was small and hidden in its depths, could survive.

It was just a matter of luck.

Either he would be destroyed along with the Shell, or get lucky and remain alive.

But regardless of the outcome, the hateful leviathan would die.

'I am fine with that...'

Growling viciously, the black serpent shot through the shining waters of the Great River — and, discarding all pretenses of defense, closed his jaws on the Great Beast's spine.

.

**********


                                Chapter 1279 Raging Waves
--------------------
Sunny bit into the spine of the Azure Serpent, igniting what little strength he had left into a violent and furious blaze. Billowing, shadows and flame rose from his onyx scales and wreathed him like a burial shroud. His eyes shone with mad, morbid, murderous malice and chillingly cold killing intent.

His jaw pressed down with enough force to shatter mountains.

...But the spine of a Great Beast was much stronger than a mountain chain. It resisted his obsidian fangs, refusing to be broken, cracked, or even scratched.

'Die! Die!'

Drowning in fury, Sunny put all of his resolve, all of his hatred, and all of his desire into crushing the indestructible bone. He violently jerked his head left and right, gnawing on the spine like a rabid dog. If he could not bite through it, he would saw through it. If he could not saw through it, he would grind it down...

The Azure Serpent was going to die, no matter what. It was already half-dead, anyway...

However, so was Sunny.

He sensed the gargantuan body of the ancient leviathan moving, and coldly refused to pay it any attention. It did not matter how the mad beast would try to destroy him, or if it would succeed. Sunny had already discarded his survival instinct. The mad beast could not reach him with its harrowing maw, which meant that it was not going to be able to kill him instantly.

That was all he needed to know.

As his fangs scraped against the spine of the Azure Serpent in a frenzy, the abomination's mangled body rose and ensnared Sunny like a crushing vice. Once he was caught in the coils, there would be no escape... he knew it, but he did not care.

All he cared about was the feeling of a thin, shallow crack finally appearing under one of his fangs. The leviathan's spine... was giving.

'Die!'

As dark glee washed over his heart, the coils tensed, crushing his ravaged shell. The strength contained within them was unlike anything Sunny had experienced before. It was truly, and utterly, harrowing.

Pressing down with harrowing strength, the Azure Serpent turned the marble carapace of the Mantle into stone dust. The serpentine body beneath it was instantly broken, the onyx scales shattering, sharp edges of broken bones piercing the skin and protruding from the horrid wounds.

There was blinding pain... but Sunny did not care.

More cracks appeared on the abomination's spine now, spreading and merging with each other, and he could feel the giant body of his enemy twitching in pain. He could also feel fragments of bone sinking beneath his fangs.

Instead of struggling to save himself, Sunny ferociously bit down on the damaged spine of the leviathan and persisted in his frenzied attempts to break and mutilate it.

'Let's see which one of us dies first, old snake... as long... as you die first... I don't mind dying second...'

The dorsal fin of the Great Beast effortlessly cut into his shell, slicing it open like a saw. Instead of blood, darkness flowed out of the vivisected serpent, only to dissolve and disappear in the soft radiance of the glowing water.

Sunny pressed his jaws together in all-consuming fury... and finally felt the bone crumble beneath his bite.

'Will my incarnation be destroyed? Or won't it?'

Not that it mattered too much...

Killing the enemy was the only thing that mattered. There was nothing else!

A strange sound that was half a deranged roar and half a wail of agony escaped from his maw. His jaws started to slowly move toward each other.

At the same time, the damage his body had received was nearing the level of being catastrophic. By all accounts, his shell should have already come undone - but Sunny had submerged so deeply into the sensation of being a serpent that his absolute belief held it together, still.

He felt the shadows part before the sharp blade of the leviathan's fin, opening a straight path to the tiny incarnation hidden within them. Death was swiftly approaching...

But, at the same time, he felt the spine of the Azure Serpent shattering as his fangs sank into the sweet marrow.

The mad beast convulsed and let out a roar of blind agony. However, just like Sunny, it did not know surrender. It only had murder on its mind, and so, the vice of its coils only grew stronger, crushing and slicing the hateful worm with unquenchable wrath.

It was only a matter of moments now before Sunny's defenseless shadow form would be destroyed.

'Death!'

He did not know if he had called upon his enemy's death, or greeted his own.

For a split second, the shadow flame billowing from his mangled body ignited with startling intensity. In Sunny's mind, everything disappeared. The only thing that remained was an imperative resolve to kill the enemy.

His jaw snapped shut with a deafening clap.

...In the next moment, there was nothing but pain.

Sunny lost his sight, his hearing, his smell, his sense of touch... even shadow sense was gone, leaving him in an empty abyss where the only thing that existed was agony.

All his thoughts were incinerated, and all his awareness was banished by torment.

'Ah... ah...'

He couldn't even scream, because he had forgotten how.

But, despite all that...

He was satisfied. He was thrilled.

He was happy.

'I... I... I... killed it. Right?'

There was no way to know.

But then...

As if to answer his faint plea, a familiar voice whispered:

[You have slain a Great Beast, Daeron of the Twilight Sea.]

[You have received a Memory.]

The whispers flowed into his soul as darkness encroached on his mind.

[...Your shadow grows stronger.]

***

As the dark island swayed under the assault of furious waves, two broken silhouettes could be seen in the raging water, slowly drifting apart.

One, much larger one, had a harrowing wound on its neck. Its spine was entirely snapped, and it was partially beheaded. A fire of indescribable madness was slowly fading away from the leviathan's damaged eye, which was locked on the unmoving figure of the enemy even in death.

The body of the Azure Serpent was slowly disappearing in the beautiful shine of the glowing waters as it fell into the depths.

The other, smaller silhouette, was torn and ravaged beyond recognition. The serpentine body of the onyx beast was cut and broken, with harrowing wounds gaping across its entire length. It seemed to be on the verge of dissolving into a swarm of intangible shadows...

Before it did, however, a graceful figure in a fluttering white tunic dove from the high slope of the island and plunged into the raging waves.

Struggling against the furious current, Nephis endured the pain of her Flaw and swam toward the onyx serpent.

**********


                                Chapter 1280 Beauty and the Beast
--------------------
Sunny was drowning in a sea of pain. His mind, what little of it was left, had become faint and fragile, ready to collapse at any moment. But it had not collapsed yet. Actually, there was a piece of good news, too. The fact that he was capable of feeling pain meant that he was still alive. The fact that he was still alive... meant that the Azure Serpent was dead. Otherwise, it would have finished Sunny off already.

'I... won...'

It was a small consolation. The pain was so unbearable that he almost wished for death. However, Sunny was too attached to life to throw it away - if there was the tiniest chance to survive, he was going to desperately cling to it with everything he had. Before, he would have done it simply out of spite... but now, there were things he cherished and goals he wished to achieve. He really wanted to live.

'What... the hell... is happening?'

It was hard to form legible thoughts, but he somehow managed to evaluate his current state. Overwhelming pain, the loss of all senses... he was in shock. He was in a pain shock due to his shadow incarnation receiving severe damage. His soul had been wounded terribly. Which meant... what? He didn't know. What was he supposed to do? Was there anything to do?

'Argh... it hurts...'

For now, Sunny decided to do his best to endure the pain and hold his crumbling mind together. It wasn't easy, or pleasant, or possible... but he persisted. He persisted with everything he had. And, after an eternity of torment, there was finally a change. Sunny seemed to regain his hearing. The first thing he heard was Neph's distorted cry:

"Sunny! Don't die! Please!"

He was strangely annoyed.

'Crap... that was an order, wasn't it?'

She broke her promise! Not that it could change anything... it would have been great if Nephis giving him an order to survive magically restored his body and healed his wounds. But Sunny had to be able to execute a command for Shadow Bond to compel him into action - or inaction. So, if Nephis suddenly decided to order him to go and bring her the moon one day, at most he would be forced to fruitlessly try his best.

...And he was already trying his best to survive!

'No really, who does she take me for?'

Nephis had been the one who called him a cockroach, in the first place. As a compliment. Of course, he would do everything in his power to remain alive. There was no need to shout...

Sunny slowly realized that his thoughts were becoming longer and more cohesive.

'Something is changing...'

Slowly, his senses returned, one after another. Hearing was first, followed by shadow sense, sense of touch, smell, taste, and finally sight. It was all a proper mess, though - his vision was blurry, and his other senses were going haywire.

There was more pain, too, this time of a physical nature.

'Why am I even feeling physical pain? I am a manifested shadow right now, technically...'

Perhaps it was a phantom pain. Even though Sunny did not possess a human body at the moment, his mind was still that of a human. And when his mind perceived the dreadful damage done to his shadow body, it reacted the only way it knew how - by panicking and drowning itself in pain.

'Curses...'

Sunny gritted his teeth, and was startled by the fact that he had regained the ability to grit his teeth. Even more surprising was the fact that it was fangs and not teeth that he was grinding against each other. His shell seemed to have held together, somehow.

Finally, he became lucid enough to understand the situation.

The tumultuous waters of the Great River were suffused with a soft radiance, indicating that it was still night. More than that, he judged that less than a minute had passed since his final clash with the Azure Serpent... with Daeron of the Twilight Sea.

He knew that because the colossal corpse of the ferocious Great Beast could still be seen, barely, as it slowly sank into the depths of the river. The frightening silhouette of the ancient leviathan grew smaller as it fell into the unfathomable depths and dissolved in the beautiful glow.

A complicated mix of emotions rose in Sunny's heart when he saw his enemy dead. There was dark glee, a strange hint of sorrow, respect, contempt, hatred, curiosity, suspicion... There was also a strong feeling of regret. That was a Supreme soul shard disappearing into the depths, after all! He groaned.

Turning his attention away from the body of the slain leviathan, Sunny tried to understand what was happening around him. He perceived his long serpentine body, now mangled and savagely ripped apart. It felt weak - understandably so, but also weaker than that.

'The soul flame...'

The soul flame was gone. He was only augmented by the five shadows now. Finally, Sunny noticed Nephis. Her small figure was on top of him. She must have climbed onto his giant body while he was floating lifelessly in the water, paralyzed by pain and on the verge of losing consciousness. Both of her palms were pressed against broken onyx scales, and her skin was shining with soft white radiance.

'Ah... she must have retrieved her flames...'

Nephis was healing him.

'But..'

...Suddenly, her radiant figure exploded with light, dispelling the darkness of the night like an actual star. Sunny felt the familiar warmth - now much more intense than it had ever been before - flowing into him like a flood. And, embraced by that warmth, his broken form started to restore itself. As he felt it, startled, his deeply wounded soul was healed. His half-destroyed shadow incarnation was restored to a pristine state. And, shockingly, even his serpentine shell knitted itself back together. The harrowing wounds closed, the shattered onyx scales glued themselves back together.

By the time Neph's radiance wavered and fell, Sunny was as good as new. The pain that had been tormenting him receded, then disappeared completely. He was alive again. Nephis fell powerlessly on his wide back. She remained motionless for a few moments, then dragged her body up and clutched to two of the horn-like spikes growing from the crown of his head, where the dorsal fin ended.

'Right...'

The Azure Serpent was dead, but they were still far from being safe. In fact, they were in mortal peril, much more so than when the Great Beast had been alive. It was because there was no one to stop the Dark Butterfly from conquering the carcass of the Black Turtle anymore. Worse than that, the abominable creature had surely noticed a blinding star suddenly igniting in the darkness of the night. It was bound to descend upon them at any moment.

So, it was time for the second part of the plan.

'We actually made it so far, huh?'

It was time to leave the dark island behind, and run.

'Let's go, Neph...'

Dismissing Saint, Sunny spent a split second to gather the strength permeating the vast expanse of his mighty, serpentine body. Then, with Nephis on his back, he lowered his head and dove into the endlessly flowing, radiant waters of the Great River.

**********

