Shadow Slave - PART 154
Chapters 1531 to 1540
==============================


                                Chapter 1531 Colors of the Sky
--------------------
1531 Colors of the Sky

With his mind at ease, Sunny was able to get back to weaving. Due to the Crown of Twilight, he did not have to worry about running out of essence, and created threads of it with increasing speed.

The sight of him sitting all by himself, moving two sets of shadows hands in addition to his own pair, must have been extremely strange — especially because his companions could not see the tenebrous strings wrapped around his many fingers. But they were long used to the strange things Sunny did from time to time, so he was mostly left alone.

The Chain Breaker sailed duskward, slowly leaving the waters of endless dawn behind.

At the same time, Sunny was observing Cassie.

The blind girl did not do anything suspicious, assuaging his fears. Despite the poisonous accusations the Sin of Solace kept spouting into his ears, she was perfectly normal. Cassie spent half of the day steering the flying ship, then went about mundane tasks or rested in her cabin.

She maintained a calm and friendly demeanor while spending time with the other members of the cohort, albeit remaining slightly aloof. Cassie had become rather taciturn, at some point, but it was not as if she was reticent and went out of her way to not participate in any conversations. It was just that she seemed content to listen quietly, most of the time, only voicing her opinions when there was a reason.

When Cassie was alone, she remained composed and collected. There was not much to do on the peaceful days, but she was seldomly idle. Without anyone noticing, the blind girl had taken it upon herself to maintain the ship in pristine condition. Others had joined her belatedly, sharing the chores and menial tasks while chattering and joking.

The atmosphere on the washed decks of the Chain Breaker was harmonious and tranquil.

Cassie was only alone when she retreated to her cabin to sleep. Sunny felt more than a little bit weird — guilty, even — when sending his shadow to spy on the blind girl there. Of course, he made sure to look away when needed, so as not to see anything improper. But still, it was a strange situation.

Luckily, Cassie was not doing anything to give credence to the insinuations made by the Sin of Solace. The only peculiar thing Sunny discovered was that she had developed the habit of keeping a diary, at some point.

The blind girl had brought a leather-bound journal with her when they departed Fallen Grace, and was diligently leaving short notes on its pages before sleep. Sunny did not really want to read what she wrote, though. He wouldn't have been able to read the journal even if he wanted to, anyway — not because Cassie did anything to make it hard for someone to gain access to it, but simply because she wrote in braille.

Apart from the leather-bound book, she had also brought a special slotted slate. The slate, which had probably been specially made for her by an artisan in Fallen Grace, consisted of two parts connected by a hinge. By opening the slate, Cassie could place a sheet of paper inside, and then poke holes in it with a stylus by following the slots.

Because of how proficient Cassie was with handling her Flaw, it was sometimes easy to forget that she was blind. But she was — her Aspect Abilities might have allowed her to negate some of the most debilitating sides of her condition, but the underlying cause remained.

When Cassie was alone, she could not borrow someone's vision to see the page. Her ability to sense what would happen a few moments into the future could not help her see the path of ink on paper, either. So, in these private moments, she could only use such a method to read and write.

Separated from her by several bulkheads and the mass of the upper deck, Sunny looked away from the shimmering spellweave and gazed at the beautiful sky above him.

It was painted with a million vivid colors, rays of sunshine falling through the radiant clouds. The leaves of the sacred tree moved gently, making the tapestry of shadows etched into the wooden surface of the deck shift.

Looking down, he sighed quietly, and returned to his task.

Days passed slowly.

Eventually, they left the reaches of the Great River where dawn never ended. The sky gradually brightened, turning vast and perfectly blue. The nights were longer here, with water glowing softly in the absolute darkness of the absent stars.

As the Great River changed, the people sailing across its endlessly flowing surface changed, as well.

Kai finally did not seem disoriented anymore, having come to terms with the bizarre and incredible truth of the Third Nightmare. He quietly trained and prepared himself for the nearing battle, perhaps feeling remorseful about not sharing the hardships his friends had endured.

Jet was practicing and experimenting with her mist blade, capturing new souls every time the Chain Breaker was attacked. She was slowly figuring out how to use her deadly weapon to achieve truly harrowing results, which sometimes chilled even her allies.

Effie's belly was slowly growing. She spent most of her time helping the other members of the cohort with their tasks and preparing meals. The huntress remained cheerful and seemingly carefree, but Sunny could see somber emotions hiding behind that bright facade. She was distressed about the future of her child, and troubled because she was not able to support her comrades more.

Mordret… was Mordret. It was impossible to tell what the bastard was thinking or feeling, but he seemed perfectly content with the situation. The only thing that bothered him was that there were not enough living beings for him to kill, which prevented him from forming more soul cores, creating Reflections, and then sending the Reflections to slaughter and rampage on their own, thus nurturing their power.

Cassie remained her usual, unassuming self. Even with Sunny watching her closely, there was nothing especially notable about the blind girl. If anything, she seemed to be slowly growing more confident and energetic the further from Twilight they traveled.

And then there was Nephis.

It took a few weeks for her to recover from suffering the terrible torment of her Flaw and return to her usual self. Her eyes had regained their former liveliness, and her demeanor had shed the dispassionate emotionlessness of having her humanity burn away in the merciless flames.

Sunny felt relieved that Nephis was back to being herself. But he was also tense and troubled.

Because now that she was, he had no excuses to not talk to her anymore.

**********


                                Chapter 1532 Unchanging
--------------------
1532 Unchanging

After an especially fierce battle against a swarm of aerial abominations, the deck of the Chain Breaker was slick with blood. Fiend was sitting near a pile of grotesque corpses, munching on them with shining eyes. The disturbing crunching sounds spread far and wide, making the members of the cohort throw disgusted looks at him.

The ravenous ogre paid it no attention, continuing his morbid meal in utter delight.

The flying ship had landed on the water, and was now swaying gently on the waves. Its sails were filled with wind, and steered by Neph's steady hand, it moved swiftly across the current.

Sunny had just finished inspecting the hull of the Chain Breaker to check if it had received any damage. Apart from a couple shallow scratches, everything seemed fine. Relieved, he gave Cassie the sign that it was alright, and went about helping Kai wash the blood off the deck.

The motions of cleaning the ship up after a battle were so familiar by now that he could have performed them with his eyes closed and his shadows gone.

Eventually, everything that needed to be done was done. The pile of corpses had disappeared, consumed by Fiend. The soul shards had been recovered and cleaned. The deck had been washed, the sails and masts had been checked.

The members of the cohort returned to what they had been doing before the Nightmare Creatures attacked. Effie was already starting to prepare dinner, and a delicious smell wafted from the galley.

The seven suns were falling toward the horizon.

Instead of returning to his usual spot and manifesting shadow hands to continue weaving threads of essence, Sunny hesitated for a while, then made his way toward the stern of the ship. There, Nephis was standing in the runic circle, holding the steering oars.

He leaned against the railing nearby and summoned the Endless Spring, taking a sip of the invigorating water.

They spent some time in silence. The silence between them had been comfortable once, but now, it was making Sunny feel burdened.

Eventually, he asked:

"How long do you think it will take us to reach Fallen Grace?"

Nephis looked at the sky, then shrugged.

"Five weeks? Maybe six. Depends on the wind and the obstacles we'll meet along the way."

He nodded. All in all, two months would have passed since the day they left Twilight by the time Fallen Grace appeared in sight. Which meant that he would have spent around nine in the Nightmare. The same went for Nephis, while Cassie… Cassie would be closing in on having been in the Tomb of Ariel for the better part of two years.

It would be five months for Effie and Jet, and two for Kai.

'What a mess.'

Sunny wasn't even sure how old he was exactly, anymore, especially in relation to the other members of the cohort. He was still shy of turning twenty-one by several months, at least.

After thinking about that for a bit, he asked:

"How do you think the people in Fallen Grace are doing?"

The citizens of Fallen Grace had been supposed to migrate it downstream after the news of the Defiled sybil's demise reached them. That would have allowed them to regain their youth, and maybe even usher in a new generation, with time.

But since Sunny, Nephis, and Cassie had not bothered to stay back and check, there was no telling what actually happened.

'I wonder how that brat, Cronos, is doing…'

Nephis sighed.

"It's impossible to tell. After all, we don't know how much time we spent on Aletheia's Island and to traverse the vortex."

That was true, as well. Sunny only knew how many revolutions he endured after becoming aware of them, not how many deaths it had taken for him to learn the truth of the loop. Time had also acted extremely strangely in the depths of the Great River, when they were traveling through the vortex, and in the dark void beyond.

In a sense, the only member of the group who had experienced each day of the Nightmare normally, from start to finish, was Mordret. But even he had no idea how long it had been since they entered the Tomb of Ariel — or rather, since they started this cycle of the Great River — because it was close to impossible to track the passage of time in the reflected version of Twilight, where it had been frozen.

All he knew was that he had played cat and mouse with Soul Stealer for a very long time before the Chain Breaker arrived.

Sunny remained silent for a while, trying to choose the correct words. But they weren't coming.

What was the point of words, anyway? If their troubles could be solved with words, they would have solved them a long time ago. Words were cheap, and actions spoke louder.

Some problems could not be solved at all.

He winced, then said the first thing that came to his mind:

"I wonder… how that brat Cronos is…"

"I'm sorry."

Neph's voice interrupted him, making Sunny flinch slightly. He glanced at her, surprised.

Nephis was looking ahead, at the horizon. Her motionless face was painted by the light of the descending suns. She remained silent for a moment, then sighed and turned to face him.

"I am sorry for making you dismiss your crown."

Sunny did not answer immediately. He kept quiet for a while, studying her face. His own expression was neutral, not exposing any of the swarm of emotions hiding behind it.

There it was, an apology. The conversation he had been delaying went much smoother than he had expected, arriving at what could very well be considered the best possible outcome.

But it did not solve anything.

So what if Nephis was sorry? It did not change what she had done. It did not change what she could do in the future, either. They could discuss it endlessly, expressing their reasons, feelings, intentions, and desires. But that fundamental truth would not change, making all else meaningless.

Perhaps it was just like the Sin of Solace had said. The only way to resolve this issue... was for Sunny to surrender.

But he did not know how to, and did not wish to surrender, either.

Eventually, Sunny sighed, as well.

Looking away, he nodded.

"...Yeah. I am sorry that you did that, too."

With that, he forced out a smile.

His smile was unconvincing, and a little joyless.

"But hey, what else were you supposed to do? At least you helped me save face. You might not have known it, but I was moments away from trying to bite you. That… would have been really embarrassing. Not to mention bad for my teeth."

Sunny shook his head and pushed himself off the railing.

"Dinner is almost ready, so I'd better go. Cassie will take over from you soon. Come down before the food gets cold."

He waved at her and left.

The first of the seven suns fell into the Great River, drowning in its unfathomable depths. Far behind them, the sky was already turning dark.

The Chain Breaker continued sailing in the direction of the distant sunset.

**********


                                Chapter 1533 Dusk Flower
--------------------
1533 Dusk Flower

Chain Breaker was sailing across the vast expanse of the Great River. With each day, the time of their inevitable arrival at Verge drew closer. Torment was waiting there, as well as the remnants of the Defiled horde. All dreadful and powerful adversaries, without a doubt.

Sunny felt a strange melancholy settle in his burdened heart… something he did not want to carry, and could not afford to feel. His mind had to be focused on the preparations for the nearing battle. The battle that was going to decide whether they would return home as Saints, or be buried forever in the dreadful darkness of the Tomb of Ariel.

So, he did what he did best. He put his feelings aside, and got to work.

Five Memories waited for him to alter them, each possessing a unique and complicated weave. Each was different from the Crown of Dawn, and called for a different approach.

The suits of armor Effie and Kai had received for slaying the two Chain Lords of the Ivory City were the easiest to deal with. Armor was meant to be durable, after all, and perhaps for that reason, the weave of these Memories was robust and durable, as well.

Or maybe it was simply because of where they came from. In any case, Sunny had a good feeling about altering the Memories left behind by the two immortal Saints.

The deadly arrow and the helpful charm Nephis had received in Twilight were much more complicated. They were entirely different from each other, as well, which made the task of studying the weave of their enchantments harder.

But the most troublesome Memory by far was the Transcendent weapon of the Seventh Tier Nephis had received for slaying Soul Stealer. Not only was the weave of the silver blade infinitely more complex, but Sunny was also trying to do something he had never done before — replace a single nexus of a greater Memory and enhance only one of its enchantments, leaving the rest untouched.

More than that, the weave of the altered enchantment had to be completely isolated, so that the pressure of its more potent essence did not break the balance of the entire tapestry.

The elaborate puzzle of it all was driving him insane. Finding countless solutions to a myriad of problems demanded all of his attention.

Which was good. Sunny enjoyed being faced with problems that could actually be solved. He also liked not being able to dwell on other things too much, focusing entirely on a single task.

Days passed.

Turning into weeks…

The Chain Breaker braved the vast expanse of the azure sky and finally entered the reaches of the Great River where the world was eternally bathed in the crimson radiance of dusk.

They fought plenty of harrowing Nightmare Creatures on the way. Sunny was somewhat forced to swallow his previous confidence — yes, nothing managed to defeat the cohort or gravely wound any of the seven Masters. But they came close to being defeated on more than one occasion.

One time, the impregnable hull of the Chain Breaker was even breached. Luckily, they were flying above the currents at the time, so the ship did not take any water. But having to hastily patch the damaged section in the middle of a prolonged battle made everyone remember why arrogance was the quickest way to die in the unforgiving world of the Nightmare Spell.

Not long before the second month of their journey came to an end, Sunny finally finished his work on the two suits of armor. Effie and Kai each had a Supreme Memory to protect them now, while Jet had her Legacy Relic. This made him feel better about the terrible battle that waited for them ahead.

Most of the preparatory work for the other three alterations had been complete, too. Sunny had plenty of essence strings at his disposal, as well as detailed knowledge of each of the three weaves. All that remained now was to carefully go over his plans, envision every step, and try to predict what could go wrong.

That was going to take him some time… but before that happened, the Chain Breaker finally arrived at Fallen Grace.

The arrival this time was different from the first.

Back then, neither Sunny nor Nephis had known what to expect from the last human city on the Great River. Therefore, they had been wary and ready for battle. He had even chosen to assume the form of the onyx serpent, following the graceful vessel from below the waves.

Many things were different now. The Chain Breaker was soaring above the water instead of resting on the currents. There were more people aboard.

Fallen Grace itself was different, too. Not only did it feel like an island of safety and peace in the ocean of perilous danger, but the city had also changed visibly.

It had indeed migrated further downstream, allowing the citizens to gain back their vitality. The first time Sunny and Nephis saw Fallen Grace, it was like a wilting white flower that floated on the crimson waves, bathed in the intense glow of the setting suns. There were still signs of deterioration hidden behind its beauty, but the white flower did not seem like it was dying anymore.

Instead, it looked to be recovering from a cured disease.

Many of the weathered buildings were being repaired. The sea of scarlet sails that helped Fallen Grace stay in place seemed freshly dyed. The island-ships were connected by solid bridges, and a few new ones were being constructed at the edges of the city, with countless people working on their unfinished frames.

Above all else, the atmosphere of the last city had entirely changed. If it had been somber and stifled before, now it was brimming with vigor and vitality.

It was as if people who had no hope had suddenly regained belief in the future.

Seeing Fallen Grace like this was a stark reminder for Sunny. A reminder of what it was that they were fighting for.

Even though he had almost forgotten, they weren't fighting against the Defilement to merely survive, or even to conquer the Nightmare and become Saints.

They were fighting for these people. Their defeat would mean the end of the River Civilization, while their triumph would give the people of Fallen Grace a chance to rebuild and thrive once again.

Even if these men and women were merely phantoms conjured by the Spell, their joys and sorrows mattered.

But, more than that… they were a symbol of similar cities back in the waking world. The elegant canals of Fallen Grace were no different from the bustling streets on NQSC.

Making sure that they would not turn empty and desolate… that was the calling of the Awakened. The change that had happened to this floating city served to illustrate what the triumphs or failures of Awakened truly meant.

Standing on the deck of the Chain Breaker, Sunny took a deep breath.

'We will destroy Verge and conquer this Nightmare.'

He had promised to do so. He had promised to do so thrice.

Soon, he would have the chance to make good on his promise.

**********


                                Chapter 1534 Rejuvenated
--------------------
1534 Rejuvenated

The Chain Breaker landed on the water and cut across its surface, approaching a familiar pier. Just like in the past, there was a crowd of people watching the graceful ship approach.

Sunny remembered the last time he had seen these people… it was when he, Nephis, and Cassie were departing from Fallen Grace, on their route to find and rescue the other members of the cohort. Thousands of gaunt, solemn old men and women had gathered on the piers on that day to see Dusk, their protector and savior, leave.

Perhaps to never return.

What was it that Cassie had said back then, after breaking her golden chains in a striking and decisive manner?

She had said that they would gather powerful Outsiders, vanquish the Defilement, and usher in a new era. An era of freedom and grace. That she knew it to be true.

Sunny had been a bit surprised by her impassioned proclamation and jokingly asked if she had seen a vision of fate. To which Cassie had responded…

'Who cares about fate? If fate is against us… we'll break it.'

As if it was easy, to break fate.

Looking back, that speech was really out of character for the quiet, reserved young woman. Sure, she had been putting on a show to give the people of Fallen Grace hope. But why did it seem that Cassie had been much more alive… much more herself in those few moments than ever since?

Sunny sighed, feeling a tentative smile find its way to his face.

Well… she had not been wrong.

They had indeed gathered powerful Outsiders, against all odds. Three Masters had left Fallen Grace, but seven of them returned. Which might not have seemed like much, if one did not know what they had gone through to reach that conclusion.

Much more important was the fact that, while their number had swelled, the number of their enemies had dwindled. Devouring Beast, Undying Slaughter, Soul Stealer, and the Dread Lord were gone. The Mad Prince was gone, too, and so only one of the Six Plagues remained.

Would Cassie's promise to vanquish the Defilement come true, as well?

'We'll make it come true.'

Feeling a newfound sense of determination, Sunny looked at the people crowding the pier. Now that the Chain Breaker had drawn closer, he could see them better.

Even though he knew what to expect, the sight still startled him.

'Huh…'

Gone were the gaunt, wrinkled faces. Gone were the hunched backs, blurry eyes, and lifeless white hair. Instead of thousands of old men and women, thousands of vigorous youths were staring back at him, their bright eyes full of vibrancy and life.

"It's Lady Dusk! Our Lady!"

"Our Lady has returned!"

"Look! That is Lord Sunless! They're back!"

"W—was that ship flying?!"

"There are people on the deck!"

The wind brought over a choir of excited voices. Kai, who was standing near Sunny, gave him an amused look and smiled.

"Why do I feel like I'm preparing for the opening song of a comeback concert?"

The charming archer scratched the back of his head and added in a confused tone:

"Ah… it must be because there's a crowd of excited teenagers in front of me. Old instincts are kicking in."

Sunny gave him a strange look, remembering that his friend's life was perhaps the strangest of everyone aboard the Chain Breaker. And that was saying a lot, considering that there was a dead woman and Mordret among them.

Finally, the Chain Breaker reached the pier. The ship was tied in place, and then a wooden gangway was lowered to allow its passengers to disembark. Cassie descended first, causing the crowd of people to explode with cheers.

The citizens of Fallen Grace seemed beyond themselves at the sight of their sybil. Their youthful faces were beaming with wide smiles, and their eyes glowed with excitement.

However, they were also full of curiosity, which was why their gazes moved away from the blind girl soon.

It was not everyday that Outsiders came to Fallen Grace — in fact, many or even most of these people had only seen such an event once. Recognizing Sunny and Nephis, the crowd exploded with cheers once more. Sunny felt a little overwhelmed by that warm welcome.

Then, the youths gathered at the pier looked at the other members of the cohort curiously.

Kai caused a bit of a stir in the crowd, just as expected. Wearing his ivory armor, with his auburn hair tousled by the wind and an irresistible smile on his face, the charming archer waved shyly at the youths, causing many to sway.

The warmth of his smile was in sharp contrast to the chilly aura emanated by Jet. Wearing a cold expression, she walked down the gangway and pierced the crowd with a grim look of her icy blue eyes. The volume of the cheers died down a little… but a different kind of gleam ignited in the eyes of many people. Especially the young man.

Sunny shook his head, knowing precisely how they felt.

Mordert's appearance also caused a strong reaction. Although not as charming as Kai and not as striking as Jet, he was nevertheless the most enigmatic and mysterious of the group. His easy smile, mirror-like eyes, and the slight feeling of wrongness hiding in their reflective depths made for a magnetic impression.

If only these people knew that they were looking at a deranged monster who would not hesitate to slaughter them all to form a few soul cores, as long as he could get away with it.

…Strangely enough, though, the most memorable impression was not made by Kai, Jet, or Mordret. Nor was it made by Cassie, Sunny, or Nephis.

Instead, it was Effie who elicited the strongest reaction from the people of Fallen Grace.

After two months of sailing across the Great River, her belly grew even larger than it had been before. The boisterous huntress had lost most of her former poise and grace. In fact, simply walking was tough for her.

Supporting her belly with one hand and using a spear as a walking staff with another, Effie cautiously descended the gangway and looked at the crowd of youths with a bright smile.

Her appearance caused all of them to grow silent.

Sunny could not understand why, at first, but then realized that the people of Fallen Grace must not have seen a pregnant woman in a long, long time. Before, they were banished upstream, turning old and decrepit. In fact, they must not have seen anything like that for a while before that, as well — among the River People, pregnant women could only be seen in the House of Youth.

Looking at Effie must have been like looking at the promise of having a future, for them.

The huntress leaned toward Sunny and whispered, her smile becoming a little strained:

"Doofus… why are they all staring at me?"

He cleared his throat, not knowing how exactly to answer that question.

Eventually, Sunny said:

"It's because they are happy."

Effie chuckled.

"Oh…"

She turned to the crowd and waved.

"I guess I should be happy then, too."

**********


                                Chapter 1535 Seven Heroes
--------------------
1535 Seven Heroes

The members of the cohort were standing on the pier, surrounded by a crowd of people. Because of how strange the lives of the Riverborn were, all these people seemed to be very young… Sunny was not that old himself, and yet, he couldn't help but feel that he was a seasoned elder looking at countless children.

The glint of awe and admiration in their eyes did nothing to lessen the impression. He remained motionless for a few moments, feeling strangely burdened by their gazes.

The members of the cohort had different reactions to the warm welcome they received from the citizens of Falling Grace, ranging from nonchalance to embarrassment. It was at that moment that Cassie took a step forward and spoke, her voice rising above the crowd:

"People of Fallen Grace… after being apart for so long, we finally meet again."

She smiled, and the crowd of youths exploded with exhilarated cheers. The blind seer leaned on her white staff, waiting for them to calm down, then raised it slightly.

"I am Dusk of Fallen Grace. And today, I return home bearing the sacred relic of our city, the Guiding Light bestowed upon us by the gods themselves!"

Sunny felt a bit odd observing her speak to her people. The sight of Cassie right now was so different from how she had been before. He knew it better than anyone else, because his shadow had been following the blind girl for the past two months.

Cassie was usually quiet, reserved, and unassuming. Even when surrounded by people, her presence was subtle to the point of being unnoticeable, sometimes making it hard to remember that the blind girl was there.

That was only because Sunny was accustomed to her company, of course — most people would find it hard to ignore the presence of such an exquisitely beautiful Ascended. Still, Cassie was not someone who enjoyed attention. On the contrary, she seemed to be in the habit of avoiding it.

Which was why he felt strange watching her command the attention of a large crowd, and do it so seamlessly at that. Cassie played the role of a confident leader so effortlessly that it made him question what other parts of her personality were an act.

'Calm down. That is the Sin of Solace talking, not you.'

Unaware of his thoughts, the blind girl lowered the Guiding Light and continued, the crowd hanging on her every word.

"I return in the company of mighty Outsiders, as well. These brave warriors have come from all across the Great River to help us battle against the vile curse of the Defilement. Please, help me welcome them to Fallen Grace, the last stronghold of humanity under the seven suns!"

She turned slightly and gestured to the members of the cohort, calling out their names one after another:

"I bring Nightingale, the Dragonslayer, who felled the harrowing Dread Lord! I bring Jet, the Soul Reaper, who put an end to Undying Slaughter! I bring Lady Nephis, the Changing Star, whose holy flames vanquished Soul Stealer! I bring Mordret, the valiant prince of a distant land, and huntress Athena, whose spear always strikes true!"

She faced Sunny. Did he imagine it, or had her expression changed subtly, for a fleeting moment?

"...And Lord Sunless, the heir of the Serpent King, who broke the chains of time and brought down the dreadful citadel of the First Seeker!"

'What the hell…'

Sunny was a bit surprised by that introduction. Yes, he wore the crown of King Daeron, and yes, he had technically played a vital part in destroying Aletheia's Island — which used to be the stronghold of the woman who had become known as the First Seeker.

But wasn't that a little bit too much?

Cassie, meanwhile, turned back to the crowd.

"The Dread Lord is no more. Undying Slaughter is no more. Soul Stealer is no more. Devouring Beast is no more, and so is the Mad Prince! The heroes standing in front of you have already dealt a decisive blow to the harrowing forces of the Defilement, spilling the profane blood of its most dreadful champions!"

She paused for a moment, and then continued, her voice swelling with confidence and passion:

"And just like we broke and vanquished the Plagues, we will break the walls of Verge, and vanquish the First Seeker! We will destroy the source of the Defilement and bring peace to the Great River, allowing human cities to flourish once more! I, Dusk of Fallen Grace, promise this to you!"

If the crowd of youths was excited and elated before, Cassie's impassioned speech truly made their hearts ignite. A wave of voices slammed into the cohort like a tide, echoing above the waves.

Even Sunny couldn't help but feel the impact of the blind girl's words. He had already known everything she shared with the people of Fallen Grace, and yet, presented in such a light, the situation truly did seem worthy of being celebrated.

Had he allowed his pessimism to get the better of him?

No… no, he had not. Cassie might have wanted to reassure these poor people, who had been at the mercy of the Great River for so long, but he knew better.

Sure, five of the six Plagues were no more, and sure, the cohort had a perfect weapon against the horrid power of the First Seeker — Nephis. But the Nightmare was far from over, still. Torment remained, and so did the remnant forces of the Defilement under her command.

Verge still existed, somewhere far away. It was where the Defilement had started, and would therefore be the most harrowing of all the places they had visited on the Great River, without a doubt.

But still…

Perhaps, he could allow himself to relax and believe in a better future, at least for a day.

Looking at the sea of delighted youths, Sunny took a deep breath and smiled.

'There won't be opportunities to smile and celebrate later. So… I better take this chance to enjoy some peace.'

Leaning down a little, he whispered in Cassie's ear:

"Since when are you so good at addressing crowds?"

She remained silent for a moment.

"Since I found myself in charge of a crowded city, I guess?"

Smiling, Cassie shook her head and took a step forward. The mass of people parted before her like a sea.

**********


                                Chapter 1536 Future Youths
--------------------
1536 Future Youths

There was a squad of soldiers on the pier, as well, all wearing white armor tied at the waist with red sashes. Unlike the last time Sunny had seen them, the warriors filled their armor well, brimming with vigor and vitality.

Their captain was a tall, beautiful woman with fiery red hair. Sunny only recognized her because of an open helmet with a scarlet plume she was holding on the bend of her right arm… she was the captain that had escorted him and Nephis to the temple the last time around.

She had seemed ancient then. Now, she looked not much older than they were. Everyone here did, really, or even younger. The startling change was still making him feel a little dizzy.

Sunny had known, of course, that killing the Defiled sybil would allow Fallen Grace to migrate downstream and return these people their youth. Knowing and seeing were two different things, however.

Seeing them like this was a bit… bittersweet. Sweet because it was nice to witness his actions doing some good, bitter because it reminded him of Ananke.

As Sunny was pondering the strange reality of living on the Great River, the soldiers created a passage through the crowd and surrounded the members of the cohort, helping them leave the pier.

They were escorted along the familiar streets once again, moving toward the temple of Dusk. There had been a lot of people on the pier, but there were even more here, crowding the sidewalks and the roofs of the buildings, all staring at the returned Outsiders with excitement and awe.

The crowd followed the small procession, constantly growing. Some people were calling out to Cassie, some simply cheered from a distance. After the relative tranquility of months spent at sea, Sunny was having trouble adjusting to the boisterous atmosphere of Falling Grace.

"Lord Sunless! Lord Sunless!"

He turned his head, hearing his own name.

The voice was unfamiliar, and the face of the scrawny teenager calling out to him was unfamiliar, too. But Sunny recognized those curious, intelligent eyes almost immediately.

He frowned slightly, but was actually amused.

"Cronos? Is that you, brat?"

The teenager, who had been kept away by the captain of the soldiers, grinned:

"Yes! It's me. Lord Sunless, welcome back!"

Sunny smiled, then nodded at the captain, signaling that it was alright to let the young man approach. A few moments later, Cronos joined the procession and looked at the other members of the cohort with wide eyes.

"Lord Sunless… are these Outsiders, as well?"

Sunny nodded.

"Sure. That one, I found in a well once. That one is a freeloader who likes to invite herself into other people's houses. That one is in the habit of giving young men like us weighty slaps, so be on guard around her. Oh, and that one is a monster wearing human skin… don't trust anything he says, and never look him in the eyes. They are all incredible warriors, though. There is no one more qualified to fight the Defiled here in the Tomb of Ariel, that's for sure."

Hearing those descriptions, the members of the cohort gave him sour looks. Effie shook her head.

"How come Cassie's introductions are so much better?"

Cronos stared at her belly with a curious gaze. Noticing it, she grinned.

"What, do I need to give another talk… no, wait. You can be a hundred years old, for all I know. How old are you, kid?"

The teenager chuckled awkwardly.

"Oh… I'm eighteen, my lady. Sorry, I didn't mean to stare."

'Eighteen…'

The last time Sunny had seen Cronos, he had been seventeen. So they had not spent that much time away — much less than he feared, at least. It had been no more than a month of two, at most, before he remembered himself on Aletheia's Island.

The teenager, meanwhile, blushed in embarrassment.

"It's just that my wife and I, we were thinking of going to the House of Youth ourselves… since it was rebuilt recently… ah, but it's probably not a good idea, still."

Hearing that, Sunny almost stumbled.

"What… wait… since when do you have a wife?!"

Cronos laughed again.

"Right, you don't know! Well… we knew each other for a while. But since we were both old and decrepit, there was no point in anything except for quiet friendship between two elderly folk. Once the city migrated downstream, and we were both suddenly young once again… well, one thing led to another..."

He scratched the back of his head bashfully.

"Actually, there are many new families in Fallen Grace. We all thought for a long time that we would be the last generation of the River People. But, now… it's a bit strange? People are actually looking forward to the future."

The captain of the soldiers, who had been listening to the conversation silently, gave him a reproachful look.

"You are too young to go to the House of Youth, brat. In fact… you should still be in the House of Youth! Not as a parent, but as a child. Spend a few decades growing up before thinking about acting like an adult and starting a family."

She seemed to be from a generation that had experienced things properly, unlike Cronos, who had turned into an old man before reaching adulthood, and was only now learning how to be young.

Effie observed them with a perplexed expression, then glanced at Sunny and winked.

"You hear that, doofus? This guy is eighteen and has already proposed to his girlfriend. What were you doing at eighteen?"

Sunny gave her a dubious look.

"You should remember it well, no? I had just helped Nephis win a bloody civil war, and then led all the surviving Dreamers of the Dark City to safety while the sky was more or less literally falling on our heads."

Cronos stared at him incredulously for a moment, then suddenly asked, his voice full of curiosity:

"How terrible! Does the sky fall often, outside?"

Effie laughed.

"More often than you would think, when this guy is around…"

**********


                                Chapter 1537 Last Testament
--------------------
1537 Last Testament

Eventually, the cohort reached the familiar island-ship that carried a beautiful palace of white stone — the Temple of Dusk. Sunny had spent enough time under its roof to feel a hint of nostalgia at the sight of it. That was where he and Nephis had felt both hopeful and wary before their first meeting with the fabled sybil of Fallen Grace, only to meet Cassie instead.

The blind girl's two Ascended guards were waiting for them at the entrance to the temple. Unlike the other citizens, they had not changed as drastically. Both looked much younger, true, but were still mature and taciturn. Their composed faces did not betray any emotion when they bowed deeply to Cassie, but he could sense the deep care and reverence in their gazes.

Despite that, the two seasoned warriors still wielded the macabre symbols of their duty to not only protect their lady from any danger, but also protect the city from the lady, if need be. The woman wielded an unsheathed greatsword, while the man held a crimson silk cord.

Cassie greeted them both warmly, not paying any attention to the tools they were prepared to use to end her life.

With that, the cohort was ushered to a hall where a feast had already been prepared. The leaders of the different forces within the city were gathered there, waiting to meet their returned ruler — and the champions she had brought back from her journey.

The next few hours were a bit tedious for Sunny. He enjoyed the food and the beverages while listening silently to the conversation.

They had been gone from Fallen Grace for just shy of eight months. Around one month had been spent to reach Aletheia's Island, three or four to escape it, one more to reach Twilight, and the last two months to come back.

During that time, the city had migrated downstream after receiving the news that the Defiled Sybil and her Drowned minions were eliminated. There had been no major attacks on Fallen Grace since, although the Awakened warriors left to protect it — and a few Masters, as well, including the two deaf guards — had fought against many wandering Nightmare Creatures.

Luckily, those had been feral abominations, not war parties of the Defiled. The defenders of the city had been able to either slay or chase the monsters away without letting them damage the island-ships.

Fallen Grace was indeed doing much better than it had when Sunny and Nephis first reached it. That was already apparent after their walk to the temple, simply from all the activity and repair work they had noticed on the streets. The city felt... invigorated. The reports of the leaders of the city only confirmed what they already knew.

Cassie seemed gratified to hear that Fallen Grace, which she had cared for in solitude for an entire year, was doing well. A rare bright smile found its way onto her face, reminding Sunny of how earnest and soft-hearted the blind girl had been once… a long time ago.

In turn, she shared the story of their journey — a somewhat simplified and embellished version of it, at least — with the leaders of Fallen Grace.

Then came the part of the conversation that these people had been waiting for with bated breaths. Without wasting any time, Cassie announced that she would be departing again shortly. This time, to lead the group of Outsiders she had gathered to attack Verge and rid the Great River of the curse of the Defilement once and for all.

The people gathered in the hall seemed stunned to hear that. Not only were they struggling to conceive of the fact that such a thing was even possible, they were also startled and heartbroken to learn that their lady would be leaving mere days after returning home from a long and harrowing journey.

But there was no way around it. The cohort was determined to only spend as much time in Fallen Grace as was needed to perform light repairs on the Chain Breaker — a week, at most.

There was no point in staying longer. It would only give Torment — who was a potent seer herself — more time to prepare for their arrival.

More than that, they were on a timer.

Effie's pregnancy was nearing the end stage. She was already close to eight months along… if they lingered in Fallen Grace, her child could be born on the way to Verge.

Nobody knew if the child conceived in the waking world would become Riverborn or not, so they did not want to risk it.

"I see that you are concerned."

Cassie's voice was soft as she addressed her people.

"And although you hide it well, you are also frightened that after I leave this time, you will never see me again. That this will be our final farewell."

She smiled gently.

"...You might very well be right. I might never return."

Her words caused a deathly silence to settle in the hall. The people of Fallen Grace were looking at their sybil with complicated expressions, a storm of emotions raging in their eyes.

Sunny suppressed the desire to sigh.

It was true that Cassie would never return. Whether they lived or died, she would never see these people again — because victory in Verge meant the end of the Nightmare. Once the First Seeker was destroyed, the cohort would go back to the waking world.

And the inhabitants of the Nightmare… actually, Sunny did not know what would happen to them. Perhaps would they cease to exist the moment the Spell announced its appraisal.

Cassie shook her head slightly.

"But that is alright. Even if I don't return, Fallen Grace will live on. It has been protected by me and my sisters for a long time… but nothing lasts forever in this world. A time will come when there will be no sybils left in the Tomb of Ariel. A time will come when there will be no Outsiders left, either. Only the River People will remain. That is you. You must carry the torch of humanity into the future, with or without me. You must persevere, endure… and thrive."

She paused for a moment, then added, her voice growing harsher:

"That is what I expect from you all. Don't disappoint me."

Hearing her words, the Riverborn gathered in the temple looked down with solemn expressions.

Sunny sighed.

The Spell was a cruel thing, indeed. It threw them into Nightmares and tasked them with changing fate. But what they strived to change was just an illusion.

It would have been great if they were in the real Tomb of Ariel, changing the lives of real people.

But, sadly, time — and fate — did not work that way.

What had happened was set in stone, and could not be changed.

Not by mortals like them, and not in a Nightmare.

...Or, at least, not in a Third Nightmare.

**********


                                Chapter 1538 Lord’s Wisdom
--------------------
1538 Lord's Wisdom

While the Chain Breaker was receiving light repairs, the members of the cohort were left to their own devices. Those who had never been to Fallen Grace spent time exploring its island-ships and getting to know the locals. Cassie was busy arranging things for when she was gone.

Sunny… Sunny did not really want to look at the beautiful city of eternal dusk. It made him wistful, and so, he threw himself back into weaving, knowing that there was not much time left.

He did, however, continue to observe the blind girl through one of his shadows — out of habit more than anything else, by now, since she had never done anything to confirm the accusations made by the Sin of Solace in the past two months.

He also sent one of his shadows to keep an eye on Mordret. Sunny was certain that Cassie was doing the same, as well — the Prince of Nothing could not be trusted to be on his best behavior in a city full of people. Especially people who were inhabitants of a Nightmare, and therefore no different from his countless victims in the Kingdom of Hope.

But Mordret did not seem inclined to go on a massacre in Fallen Grace. In fact, he was mostly interested in its myths and legends, of all things, spending his days talking to people on the streets and listening to their stories.

The people seem to enjoy his company.

On the third day of their stay in the last human city, Sunny successfully altered the Transcendent arrow Memory Nephis had earned in Twilight, elevating its Rank to Supreme.

The onerous process of transplanting a new nexus and reinforcing the weave to withstand it left him drained and fatigued. So, Sunny decided to let himself rest and left the temple, eventually finding his way to the edge of the island-ship.

Sitting down there, he observed the busy canals of Fallen Grace and allowed his tired mind to rest.

It was not long after that when Cronos found him, brimming with endless curiosity, just like always.

Today, however, the teenagers at least tried to keep it in check. Noticing his strange behavior, Sunny raised his eyebrow and asked:

"What's on your mind?"

The young man hesitated for a while, but eventually asked:

"Lord Sunless… I heard that you won't be returning from Verge. Is it true?"

Sunny looked at him, frowning a little. Then, he looked away and sighed.

"Sure. We aren't planning to die, mind you. It's just that we are Outsiders. Once the Defilement is destroyed, it's back to the Outside for us."

Cronos seemed saddened by that response. He stared at the water dejectedly.

"What is it like, really? The world outside Ariel's Tomb? What are you going to do after leaving here?"

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

Indeed, what would he do after leaving the Nightmare? He had no idea. It was hard to tell, considering that the state of Antarctica — and the waking world in general — was entirely unknown.

The war between Valor and Song would probably grow more intense. The Nightmare Gates would continue to pop into existence, slowly consuming the waking world and making it a part of the Dream Realm. No matter how much Sunny wanted to simply live a good life, he knew that these events would not let him remain a bystander.

After a few moments of silence, he shrugged.

"Well, it's more or less the same. There is no Defilement, but there is still Corruption. Nightmare Creatures are running around devouring people, so Awakened like me need to keep them in check. So I'll probably be battling some hideous abomination every other day, cursing loudly. That's life for you. The secret to a happy life, though, is to do all these things in good company. Oh... and in a place with good plumbing."

He glanced at the teenager and smiled.

"Why? What are you going to do after we get rid of the Defilement? Are you really going to the House of Youth?"

Cronos laughed awkwardly.

"Well… I will, eventually. But probably not just yet."

He looked into the distance, at the bustling streets of Fallen Grace, and sighed.

"In truth, I've been sensing my soul essence recently, a bit. So I'll probably work on forming a soul core and becoming an Awakened. Even if you and the other lords and ladies defeat the First Seeker and vanquish the Defilement, there will still be corrupted creatures left, threatening our city. Someone has to defend it after you leave."

Cronos smiled.

"Plus, I've always been interested in how the city works. All these people, all these moving parts… it's a bit of a miracle that a place like Fallen Grace can exist, don't you think? Lady Dusk has always been taking care of us. What are we going to do without her?"

His eyes turned cloudy for a moment, but then shone brightly once again. Wiping them, he smiled again.

"I want to make sure that Fallen Grace continues to exist… and thrive, just like she told us to. For myself, my wife, and our future children. Ah, but I'm just some brat. So, I figured I should become really strong first. Like you, Lord Sunless! So that people had no choice but to listen to what I had to say."

Sunny looked at him incredulously.

Cronos was, indeed, just some brat. But all great people whose deeds shaped history had been brats, once. Would this kid become a great leader, one day? Would his actions shape the future of Fallen Grace, and create a world where his children could grow up safe and happy? Would the stories of his deeds become legends, one day?

Or would he disappear without a trace once the Nightmare was complete?

Sunny forced himself to smile.

"Strong like me? Brat, do you think people actually listen to what I have to say? Stronger! Become much stronger than me. Then, they'll listen."

With that, he patted the teenager on the shoulder and rose to his feet.

The charm Memory waited to be altered. The day of their departure from Fallen Grace was drawing near.

"Stronger than you, my lord? B—but... no, that's just unreasonable!"

Sunny looked at the startled youth with a smile, then shook his head and headed away.

"Then be unreasonable!"

Imparting Cronos with that piece of questionable wisdom, he returned to the temple and spent a few sleepless hours going over his plans for altering the Transcendent charm. He felt that he had already accounted for everything that could go wrong… so he would probably be ready to start the process once his essence was replenished by the Crown of Twilight.

Just when the night fell, however, something distracted him from the preparations.

After wasting its time for months, the shadow that had been following Cassie finally noticed something strange about her movements.

**********


                                Chapter 1539 Sybil’s Secrets
--------------------
Sunny was in his quarters, going over the plan for altering the Transcendent charm. Outside, Fallen Grace was bathed in the beautiful glow of the iridescent water. The short night had descended on the world, shrouding the sky in absolute darkness. In that dark hour, Cassie was walking along the corridors of the temple — which wasn't that strange, in and of itself, if not for the fact that she was alone. Usually, the two deaf guards would be following behind her, but they were nowhere to be seen. The only thing accompanying the blind girl was the shadow Sunny had sent to keep an eye on her. Back in his quarters, he straightened and frowned, distracted from envisioning the complicated tapestry of the charm's spellweave. 'What is she up to?'

Cassie had not given him any reason to feel worried in these past two months… honestly, monitoring her movements was an afterthought by now. Sunny had certainly hoped that it would remain that way. Feeling a bit somber, he glanced at the motionless figure standing a few meters away. The Sin of Solace was staring at him silently, not bothering to say anything. However, his gaze expressed more than enough. Sunny winced, then looked away. "Don't you glare at me. I'm sure it's nothing."

He said that… but did not command the shadow to back away. Instead, he dedicated more of his attention to observing Cassie. The blind girl certainly did not seem pensive or secretive. She calmly walked along the winding stone corridors, tracing her fingers on the wall. Her other hand was holding the leather-bound journal. 'Maybe her guards are asleep.'

Sunny returned to considering the weave while keeping an eye on Cassie. She walked for quite some time, eventually entering the part of the temple that he was not familiar with. These chambers were used for preparing for public rituals, so Sunny had no business being there. Cassie, on the other hand, seemed very familiar with that area of the temple. She made a few more turns and stopped in front of an unassuming wooden door. A mundane-looking key appeared in her hand. Unlocking the door, Cassie entered a narrow staircase that led down, spiraling. Sunny's frown deepened.

'What the hell?'

She was already on the first floor of the temple. Why was there a way further down, into the frame of the island-ship?

But then again, maybe it was normal. The human cities on the Great River were kept in place by various means, ranging from sails and windcatchers to sorcerous mechanisms. Perhaps Cassie was on her way to inspect the moving parts of one such mechanism. She descended the stairs for some time before entering a dark and damp network of service tunnels running under the temple. Sunny had not known that there were such corridors there, but it made sense. The mechanisms responsible for allowing the island-ship to resist the current had to be inspected and repaired from time to time. Fallen Grace, especially, was reliant on such mechanisms. It was situated not too far from the Edge, after all, and so the pull of the current was more powerful here. Cassie walked along the dark corridors for a little bit and unlocked another door, entering a small chamber. Sunny was suddenly unable to concentrate on weaving anymore. His face darkened. The chamber was just what he had expected it to be — it housed a complicated mess of gears and chains that spun and moved, transferring the energy from the wind and the enchantment circuits into the underwater wheels that kept the island-ship stationary. It was a bit like entering the insides of a tower clock, if that tower clock had been built with the help of sorcery. In a sense, Sunny was looking at the River Civilization's version of spelltech. However, that was not what attracted his attention. The chamber and the intricate gears were what he had been expecting to see. What he had not expected, however, was that the floor of the chamber was broken, creating a rough, circular well. The menacing hole certainly did not look like something that had been planned by the builders of the temple. Instead, it looked like something that had been created much later, and much more violently.

He could hear the sounds of flowing water coming from its dark depths. '...Why is there a well at the bottom of the Temple of Dusk?'

His shadow hid in the darkness of the underground chamber, observing Cassie carefully. The blind girl did not seem surprised by the presence of the strange well. Neither did she pay it any attention. Locking the door behind her, she circled around the open chasm and approached the opposite wall of the chamber. There, hidden behind a throng of spinning gears, a simple desk stood near the wall, with several chests and cabinets surrounding it. The underground chamber was absolutely dark, and there were no lanterns anywhere in sight. Of course, Cassie had no need for them. Coming closer to the desk, she lingered for a few moments, facing it with a distant expression. Then, she moved past it and kneeled near one of the chests, placing a hand on its heavy lid. Several strings of runes ignited on the wooden surface, and the chest opened noiselessly, revealing what was stored inside it. Sunny tilted his head, his expression turning somber. Inside the chest… were leather-bound journals, just like the one Cassie was carrying. Dozens of them, or maybe even hundreds. There were several chests like that one in the underground chamber, as well, all locked with sorcerous locks.

The blind girl remained motionless for a while, then sighed deeply and placed the last journal on the pile.

Then, she closed the lid of the chest, kept her hand on it for a few moments, and rose. Turning away, she approached the edge of the dark well and lowered her head, listening to the sounds of the flowing water with a distant expression.

Cassie stood there for several minutes, unmoving. Separated from her by hundreds of meters and numerous stone walls, Sunny grew tense, ready to step through the shadows and appear in the underground chamber should something reach for the blind girl from the cold darkness. 'What the hell is that place? Did Dusk leave those things behind?'

It would make sense for the sybil who had lived in the temple for centuries to leave many traces here, including her personal records. However, what was with the ominous well leading to the dark waters? Sunny gritted his teeth. But in the end, nothing happened. Cassie clenched her fists, turned away from the underground well, and left the chamber the way she came. Ascending the narrow steps, she reentered the temple proper and traced her way back to her quarters, entering them through a private passage. It was only then that Sunny allowed his tense body to relax. His mind, however, was anything but calm. 'Why would Dusk have a secret like that?'

He hesitated for a while, then felt a cold chill run down his spine. '...Or does it have nothing to do with Dusk, at all?'

**********


                                Chapter 1540 Clouded Judgment
--------------------
1540 Clouded Judgment

The feeling of restlessness Sunny had felt after leaving Twilight returned. Something strange was going on with Cassie… had been going on for a long time, maybe. He was almost sure of it.

But it was the "almost" of it all that made the situation so difficult. He did not know what to do… confront her? Share his concern with others?

What would he say?

That Cassie should not have survived Twilight? None of them should have survived there, really. That she kept journals? There was nothing wrong with that, and claiming otherwise would only make him seem strange. That she was too quiet and unassuming, which made him feel as if she was hiding something vital from them? That sounded like paranoia talking.

In fact, it was — it was the Sin of Solace whispering into his ear. The Sin of Solace, whose only purpose was to drive him mad. Was he a fool to listen to these whispers?

Sunny was not even sure himself what he was suspecting Cassie of, just that he did not feel comfortable with her secrets. But…

Was it really because there was something off about the blind girl, or was it simply because he had never trusted her? Was he still secretly holding on to the grudge after what she had done on the Forgotten Shore, which painted his perception of her?

Sunny would be lying if he said that he had let go of that grudge completely.

None of the others seemed to suspect Cassie of anything, so why was he the only one looking for faults in her actions?

'Ah, damnation.'

What was he supposed to do?

Did he even need to do anything?

So what if Cassie had a pile of old journals? So what if she kept secrets?

Was he the right person to blame someone for not being entirely honest?

More than that, he had always known that Cassie kept much of what she knew to herself. In fact, Sunny was the reason why she had closed herself off, to begin with — he was the one who had told her how destructive of a poison her visions were… in the most cruel way he could think of, at that.

Her personality had only begun to change after that bitter conversation they had in the medical complex of the Academy, right after coming back from the Forgotten Shore.

Nephis was aware that Cassie knew much more than she was letting on, too. She had told him so herself, during one of their conversations on the Ivory Island.

So why was Sunny reacting so strongly now?

'Because we are so close to victory.'

Because this Nightmare was so dreadful, and its end was swiftly approaching. Sunny was nervous that something would ruin their chances of returning to the waking world, and the ominous shadow of Torment was the last thing standing between them and salvation.

Torment had never appeared before them, and so, she was as frightening as their imaginations could make her.

Perhaps Cassie was just a substitute for all that fear.

…Or perhaps there was really something ominous going on with the blind seer.

"Oh, she is definitely planning to betray you. Again."

The Sin of Solace smiled, looking at him with dark amusement.

Sunny cursed and threw a wooden tray at the sword wraith. The tray passed through the apparition and fell to the floor, clattering loudly.

The hateful wraith laughed.

"Fool, you are simply incapable of learning, are you? Even after what she did to you, what she took from you, you are still willing to give her the benefit of the doubt. No wonder you ended up being made a slave by her… ah, and she never even apologized. I bet she doesn't feel even a little bit remorseful about her betrayal. Since she doesn't, what is going to stop her from turning on you again?"

Sunny glared at the Sin of Solace, then took a deep breath.

He slowly calmed down.

"That… doesn't even make any sense. At least try to be convincing when you are spouting nonsense, will you?"

Sunny was prejudiced against Cassie… that much was apparent. Deep in his heart, he still harbored resentment toward her. He valued and cared for her, as well, but that was beside the point. Humans were complicated and contradictory creatures, indeed… just like Nephis had said, they could love and hate someone at the same time.

Because Sunny's judgment was clouded, it was easy to find fault with Cassie. But if he flipped his perception and looked at the situation from a different angle, trying to find the opposite, any suspicion that the blind girl could have been doing something to harm the cohort would crumble. It was a preposterous idea.

Almost every action Cassie had taken was for their benefit. They would have never made it that far without her. From start to finish, she had been nothing but a selfless ally, putting herself in harm's way on numerous occasions. Finding the scattered members of the cohort, escaping Aletheia's Island, surviving the depths of the Great River… none of that would have been possible without her.

So, no matter what secret Cassie was keeping, it was not something that would harm the cohort. Sunny had no reason to worry about that.

After realizing that, he felt his heart calming down.

But then, it suddenly felt heavy once again.

Because while Sunny did not have a reason to worry about the cohort…

There might have been a reason to worry about Cassie.

'She's not… preparing herself for something drastic, is she?'

A deep scowl appeared on his face once again. He remained silent for a while, then shook his head.

'No, she wouldn't. Cassie might seem soft, but she is one of the strongest people I know. She's much stronger than anyone gives her credit for.'

Still, a tiny seed of doubt remained.

Sunny cursed quietly, threw a hateful glance at the Sin of Solace, and turned his attention back to the Transcendent charm.

The day of their departure was swiftly approaching, so he had to perform the alteration as soon as possible.

**********

