Shadow Slave - PART 200
Chapters 1991 to 2000
==============================


                                Chapter 1991  Hideous Face of War
--------------------
An enormous Echo stood upon the desolate white plain, shining blindingly as its steel carapace reflected the radiance of the overcast sky. It was powerful enough to flatten fortresses and durable enough to endure Transcendent blows, towering above the sun-bleached bone like a steel behemoth.

The gargantuan beast had four mighty legs, a broad back, and a flat head that rested on a long neck. However, it had not been created by the Nightmare Spell in the image of a fearsome abomination… instead, it had been forged by the King of Swords once — perhaps to serve an important purpose, perhaps simply out of boredom. Unless one wanted to bully the weak, the giant Echo was not suited well for battle. It was not swift enough to be of use in a serious battle, and while its carapace was durable, it was not nearly resilient enough to survive the many dreadful perils of the Dream Realm. At best, it could serve as a massive siege tower. At present, however, it served as a mobile redoubt for the command staff of the Sword Army… not because of its power or impregnable carapace, but simply because its height offered the King of Swords and his retinue a convenient vantage point to observe the battlefields. The Echo's long tail rested on the ground, serving as a bridge that one could use to reach the flat expanse of the creature's back — there were even guardrails installed on both sides of the ascending path to prevent people from falling down. On the back of the steel beast, the field headquarters of the Sword Army stood, composed of colorful tents and canvas pavilions… most of them black or vermilion, of course. This was where the King and his close aides resided when the army was on the march, and where the generals gathered to hold council.

This arrangement was not at all as impressive as the Valor Keep in the main camp of the Sword Army, of course, but still far more comfortable and convenient than one would expect in the middle of an active war. Finally, there was another steep path leading from the back of the enormous Echo and up its long neck. A circular viewing platform was located on the other end of the path, resting atop the head of the steel behemoth. The posts of the decorative guardrail were fashioned to look like a crown, and the white plain of sun-bleached bone could be seen far below in stunning view. That was where Sunny had found himself on a hot summer day, hiding his grim expression behind Weaver's Mask as he observed the calamitous battlefield.

Well… every day in Godgrave was cruelly hot and sweltering, so this one was no different from all the rest.

He sighed. 'Why is it that every war I participate in happens to take place in an area with extreme weather conditions?'

First the dreadful cold of Antarctica, now the suffocating heat of Godgrave…

It was truly unfortunate.

'The next war I join better happen somewhere with a nice climate.'

The rest of the people gathered on the platform did not seem to share his sentiment. All of them were clad in heavy armor — except for Nephis, who had stuck with her decision to forego it entirely and was wearing simple white garments.

There were no dark corners on the head of the enormous Echo for Sunny to hide in, so he simply found a relatively desolate spot and stood there alone, leaning on the railing with crossed arms. Added to his fearsome mask and cold attitude, this pose dissuaded others from approaching him, which suited Sunny fine. Most people crowded around the King, anyway. Anvil was standing at the foremost point of the viewing platform, observing the battle with a somber expression. His vermilion cloak was moving slightly in the wind, and his iron crown seemed especially heavy today. Sunny could not tell what the Sovereign of the Sword Domain was thinking about, and couldn't even guess what he felt. No one was speaking at the moment, absorbed by the dreadful view of two great armies clashing on the plain below.

It was truly an awesome scene.

There were hundreds of thousands Awakened warriors participating in the battle, as well as thousands of Masters. There were countless Echoes, as well…

There was also a vast horde of horrid Nightmare Creatures subjugated by Beastmaster, and the eerie legion of the dead risen by the Queen of Worms. The battlefront stretched from east to west for no less than a dozen kilometers, and terrible forces ravaged the crumbling lines of desperately struggling soldiers. Countless Aspects were being unleashed, and countless Memories were consuming oceans of essence to release a myriad of enchantments. The bone plain was quaking, and the fabric of reality seemed to grow brittle and thin.

The bone plain was drinking blood greedily, and too many lives were being lost each minute. …It was appalling. Here on the head of the gargantuan steel beast, it was almost peaceful. The deafening roar of the battle was like a distant murmur of the tide, and none of the devastating forces unleashed on the battlefield reached the viewing platform. And yet, the people gathered here were not at all at peace. If there was one thing lacking on the battlefield… it was the Saints. Neither of the two armies had sent their Transcendent champions into battle, so all they could do was watch from a distance and gnash their teeth. Sunny had imagined the war as many things, but he had never imagined that it would be so… boring. At the start of it all, he had been worried about having to slay countless humans with his own two hands.

But in truth, Sunny had barely had an opportunity to spill blood after his first few attacks on the supply caravans of the Song Army.

All the killing and all the dying was being done by ordinary soldiers like Rain, and they were the ones paying the hideous price of war. It was a shameful truth.

**********


                                Chapter 1992  Mass Destruction
--------------------
There was a good reason for that, of course.

And shameful and ugly reason, but a good one nevertheless. Soon after the second stage of the war started, the forces of both Domains had ventured to gain control over vast territories of Godgrave. The Sword Army had held a great advantage in that regard, already holding East Collarbone Plain and a large portion of the Breastbone Reach at the time, while the Song Army had been locked on West Collarbone Plain. There were expeditions launched to conquer the two remaining Citadels in Godgrave. Revel was leading an expedition into the darkness of the Spine Ocean, and a Saint from the branch family of Valor was leading a competing one to make sure that the Lightslayer died there. At the same time, Sir Gilead ventured south with a small force of elite warriors to claim the Citadel on the femur of the dead deity — considering that Nameless Temple stood between them and the Song Army, his expedition was unopposed. The Queen of Worms had seemingly decided to choose her battles and gave up on the south completely. A lot of time had passed since the three conquest parties departed, but neither of the Citadels were conquered yet… which was quite important. That was because the conquest of the last two Citadels would become the final tally of the authority that the two Domains possessed in Godgrave. And once their authority had no more room to grow, there would be nothing left to hold the Sovereigns back. And so, the King of Swords and the Queen of Worms would finally enter the battlefield in person… to face each other, and see which one of them would inherit the throne of War's Divine Realm.

Which one of them would kill the other and get the other's crown. …That did not mean that there was nothing for the two great armies to do while the conquest parties braved the dreadful depths of Godgrave to claim the Citadels, though. In fact, the ordinary soldiers had to play the most important role in this Realm War. The authority of a Domain did not only depend on Citadels, after all — as Sunny had found out. There were other factors involved, like the strength and spirit of those people who belonged to the Domain… and its territory. The latter was especially important, because while the two Domains were roughly equal in terms of population, there was vast unconquered territory in Godgrave. The side that managed to claim more of it could very well swing the final balance of power in its favor. So… the two great armies had begun the conquest. The initial process of claiming territory for a Domain was rather simple — Sunny had helped the Sword Army do just that while marching to the Vanishing Lake. The forces of humanity had to push the scarlet jungle back, burn it, slaughter the Nightmare Creatures who populated it — the original masters of this cursed land — and build fortresses around the fissures in the ancient bone, thus preventing the abominable infestation from extending its tendrils from the Hollows again.

However, what followed next was more complicated, and far more vile. Because after the forces of humanity wrestled control over the lands of Godgrave from the grasp of Corruption, humans could still fight for that control among themselves. And that was what had been happening during the second stage of the war. Both armies continued to claim more territory by banishing the scarlet jungle into the Hollows wherever possible, but they also clashed with each other, fighting for the already conquered land. The extermination outposts had become the currency that both Domains lusted for, and so, humans were now spilling human blood in Godgrave.

The Song Army had eventually made its way to the Breastbone Reach by staging a two-pronged offensive from the Collarbone Plain and the Western First Rib. The battlefront had become twisted and complicated, with some fortresses changing hands several times a week.

…And all of that was being done by the Awakened soldiers and Ascended officers. The most powerful champions of both great armies, the Saints, mostly remained on the sidelines. That was because Saints were too powerful, and too rare. Losing even one was a great loss for the Domains, especially if the fallen Saint controlled a Citadel — since there was usually no one left to replace them as its ruler.

Besides that, a single Transcendent could annihilate an uncountable number of soldiers. If they were unleashed on the battlefield, the casualties among the Awakened warriors would be too monstrous. …Which would never stop either of the armies from using their Saints as weapons of mass destruction, of course. In fact, they would gladly do just that — the more enemy combatants perished, the better.

However, they were deterred from doing so… by the enemy Saints. The Transcendent champions of the Song Army guarded the Transcendent champions of the Sword Army watchfully, and vice versa. None of them was allowed to enter the fray unless an enemy Saint launched an attack on the ordinary soldiers, so everyone remained passive, doing nothing. Valiant Saints led their warriors to battle, only to stand back and watch as the soldiers fought the enemy alone — all the while the enemy Saints stood on the other side of the battlefield, doing the same. Of course, there were exceptions to the rule, especially because the Song Army possessed much more Transcendent champions, and the Sword Army had been having a hard time keeping them in check. At the same time, though, the Sword Army possessed Changing Star and the Lord of Shadows, who could not be stopped by just one or two Saints. These exceptions were rare.

So, the weak fought and died while the powerful stood back and watched.

It was a disgraceful affair...

While not at all different from how it was in most other wars, perhaps.

It was also quite strange at times. At one point, for example, the Saints of Song had decided to stage a clandestine attack in the portion of the Breastbone Reach that Sunny had been assigned to watch over. He had to Shadow Step into the middle of the battlefield, summon the Shadow Chair, and sit down… then watch Silent Stalker and a few other Transcendents shift awkwardly from one foot to another and grind their teeth, unwilling to provoke him and unable to do anything.

Sunny had remained sitting until the battle ended, never moving a muscle.

He had a feeling that things could change today, though. Because although there had been countless minor battles and skirmishes in the war already, today's battle was different. It was the first full-scale clash between the two great armies, with most of their soldiers present on the battlefield and participating in the bloodshed.

The scale of it was both terrible and daunting... there had never been a greater battle in the history of humankind, after all.

Sunny was watching the greatest crime in history be committed right in front of his eyes.

...Well, maybe not. Humans of the waking world, the children of War, had committed plenty of atrocities during the Dark Times, after all, and plenty more before that. Nothing had really changed since then, except that human soldiers wielded far greater powers now.

In the indescribable chaos of their cataclysmic confrontation, anything could happen. He doubted that Saints would be forced to remain idle until the bitter end.

**********


                                Chapter 1993  Attrition
--------------------
Far below, the battle seemed to be hanging in a fragile balance. The battle lines were twisted and broken, and in some places, all pretense of order had been lost. Countless Awakened warriors were intertwined in a chaotic melee there, having forgotten all about discipline and battle formations. Blood was spilling on the ground, and a litany of desperate voices was drowning in the deafening clangor of steel.

In other places, stalwart officers were still maintaining a semblance of control. The forces of the Sword Army were pushing the forces of Song on the left flank of the grand formation, while its right flank was being pushed back instead. In the center, a furious tug of war was boiling, with neither side managing to gain ground. At first glance, the soldiers of the Sword Domain were in a better position. That had been true throughout the war. The warriors of the Song Domain did not lack courage, determination, or martial prowess… in fact, Sunny had often been stunned by their tenacious resolve. Their powers and tactics were often strange, insidious, and wild, bringing with them a sense of lethal peril.

They were chillingly fearless in the face of death, and viciously ruthless when they needed to be. And yet, they were simply no match for the soldiers of the Sword Army. The army of the Sword Domain was better equipped, better trained, and better able to maintain discipline in dire situations. Even if each individual warrior fighting under the banner of the King of Swords was not more powerful than the warriors of Song, together, they made for a much tougher and deadlier force. It was partially because Clan Valor and its vassals had been in power for much longer than Clan Song, and therefore possessed a much richer martial tradition. The core of the Sword Army had been forged in the successive subjugation campaigns that brought vast regions of the Dream Realm under human control, after all, and while Ki Song had led a historic conquest of her own, its scope and length did not compare.

It was also because the Awakened of the Sword Domain had always been more militant, and their martial culture had always leaned more in the direction of organized warfare. The Valor family had inherited the lineage of War God, and therefore, the region under its control was influenced in subtle ways to fit that legacy. …But mostly, it was because of the King of Swords.

His authority was everywhere, enveloping the Sword Army like an invisible veil. The soldiers were not just fighting for his Domain — they were parts of his domain and, therefore, its conduits. Sunny had noticed the subtle effect of Anvil's authority during that first battle at the eastern edge of the Collarbone Plain. Those who carried it would not magically become stronger or more powerful, but the efficacy of their joint actions would be greater, their cooperation would be more seamless, and their battle spirit would become more indomitable.

It was an authority to make armies triumph. And that was why the soldiers of Song were desperately outmatched in this war. Even now, they were suffering on the battlefield. The waves of Song warriors were breaking against the steel bulwark of the Sword Army forces, paying a heavy price for each assault. Despite the dire havoc of the battle, their enemy still maintained a high measure of martial discipline — the forward units endured the attacks for as long as they could, then rolled back to make space for fresh troops. When it was time to push, they marched forward as a single being. When the defensive lines were broken and the warriors of the Sword Domain were pushed back, they promptly received reinforcements. For every soldier of the Sword Army that fell, two enemies died. Sunny sighed. It did not matter, in the end. The seeming advantage of the Sword Army… was merely an illusion. Anyone with a bit of insight could tell that things were actually going quite badly for their side. That was because the Queen of Worms was exerting her influence on the battlefield, as well. And hers was a power no less dreadful than that of the King of Swords. What did it matter if fewer warriors of the Sword Army were dying? In the end, all of those who were killed — no matter the side — simply rose again, becoming members of the legion of the dead. That had been true throughout the war, as well.

Yes, the Sword Army was stronger. And yes, it had held the advantage from the beginning, winning much more battles than it was losing, and suffering far fewer casualties than the enemy.

But it was still a road to certain defeat. As the losses of both sides mounted, only one side was actually becoming weaker… the side Sunny was fighting for. The Song Army, meanwhile, was losing Awakened warriors, but its numbers never truly diminished.

On the contrary, they continued to grow. Because it did not matter to whom the dead had been loyal once — the Queen of Worms did not discriminate between the fallen of her own army or that of the enemy, embracing all with equal grace. It was a chilling sight, to see a comrade with whom you had been fighting side by side a minute ago, and whose death you were mourning, rise from the ground and aim their empty gaze at you, determined to extinguish your own life, in turn. It was as if the Sword Army was waging war against death itself.

The longer the war continued, the more soldiers the Sword Domain lost, and the greater the army of the Song Domain became. And the wider gap there between the two was, the more casualties the Sword Army suffered as a result, thus creating a harrowing cycle.

Despite its superiority, they were destined to lose this war of attrition. …The same situation, albeit on a smaller scale, was currently taking place on the battlefield Sunny was observing. Something had to change soon, or they were going to suffer a bitter defeat… which could very well become irreparable, swinging the balance of power in favor of the Song Domain too much.

He glanced at the King of Swords, wondering what the fearsome Sovereign was thinking about.

**********


                                Chapter 1994  Call to Arms
--------------------
The writing was on the wall.

The Sword Army seemed to be prevailing against the enemy, for now, but as its losses mounted and the horde of the dead puppets grew… there was no escaping the eventual defeat.

If Sunny could see it, then Anvil could see it, as well.

And yet, the King of Swords was not doing anything. The only orders he gave were minor commands, like sending reserve units to reinforce the faltering sections of the battlefront or pulling back heavily battered battalions. His tactical prowess was immaculate, true, but that was hardly enough to remedy the situation.

At the moment, the Sovereign was simply watching the carnage silently, his steely eyes not revealing any emotion. It was as if he was waiting for something, or maybe simply putting too much trust into his domineering authority.

His presence was, indeed, more suffocating than the sweltering heat. Sunny scowled behind his mask.

'...He's not planning to obliterate both armies, is he?'

Out of the two Sovereigns, only Anvil possessed such an option… thanks to Saint Tyris, who could break the veil of clouds above the battlefield. But no, that could not be true. Not because Anvil wasn't capable of implementing a monstrous strategy like that, but simply because Sky Tide would never agree to heed such a command. She had a will of her own, after all, and had disobeyed the Sovereigns before. More than that, her own daughter was currently down there, somewhere, fighting on the frontline with other warriors of the White Feather clan. Even if Anvil threatened to cut Tyris down, she would simply invite him to try. So… what then?

As if to answer these thoughts, the King suddenly turned away from the battlefield and looked at something. Sunny was confused for a moment, not knowing what he was looking at, but then realized that the answer was obvious. Ignoring the people crowding around him, Anvil was gazing at Nephis, who stood some distance away. He studied her for a few moments, and then asked evenly:

"What do you make of it?"

Sunny's scowl deepened. Why was that bastard putting Nephis on the spot? Sure, she was technically his adopted daughter… but everyone knew that it was merely a charade to justify a political alliance. Even if it had not been, Anvil wasn't known for treating his children with warmth or attention. Nephis seemed surprised by the question, as well… of course, to everyone except for Sunny, her expression would have looked just as calm and composed as ever. She looked up at the King of Swords, remained silent for a few moments, and then shrugged. "It's appalling."

Something unexpected happened in the next moment. The King of Swords… smiled. His smile was faint and cold, but it was undeniably there. Anvil looked back to the battlefield. "...I see that you are more like your mother than your father."

His voice was just as emotionless as ever, but there was a hint of something personal in it. It almost sounded human.

Nephis frowned. "In what way?"

Anvil did not respond for a few moments. Eventually, he spoke in a detached tone:

"Your mother… cared about everyone. But your father only cared about himself, and that which was his." He lingered for a moment, and then added quietly:

"Perhaps that was why she left before the rest of us."

The King of Swords then glanced at Nephis, his heavy gaze crushing into her with almost physical force. "Since you are appalled by this slaughter, you must care about the soldiers below." A corner of his mouth rose subtly once again.

"...Or do you simply consider them yours?"

Sunny felt a cold chill run down his spine. Was that an innocent question? Or was it aimed to test Neph's loyalty to the Sword Domain?

Or…

Was this Anvil showing that he did not trust her at all?

Or was he hoping that he could?

In any case, something told Sunny that many things depended on how Nephis answered.

The rest of the Saint seemed perturbed by the strange conversation between the commander of the Sword Army and its most radiant champion, as well.

Nephis remained silent for a while, the wind playing with her silver hair. Then, she sighed, stretched her neck with a tired expression, and walked over to the railing of the wide platform.

Jumping over them in one fluid motion, she landed on the steel skin of the enormous Echoe and took a few steps to the edge of its head. There, she turned around and looked at the Sovereign calmly. He raised an eyebrow. "What are you doing?" Nephis shrugged. "I am going down. I grew tired of standing here and doing nothing."

He considered her silently for a few moments. "Haven't I forbidden my Saints to fight the enemy unless the enemy attacks first?"

Nephis met his heavy gaze expressionlessly. "You did. You haven't forbidden us from entering the battlefield, though."

Anvil smiled for the third time in a single day. This time, his smile was a little terrifying. "And if your arrival provokes the enemy to attack you?"

Nephis just stared at him impassively. After a few moments of silence, she said in an even tone:

"Then I will break them."

Anvil's chilling smile turned into an equally frightening sneer, but he did not stop her. Witnessing this, some of the Saints present on the viewing platform moved, as well. Roan gave his wife a brief look, then headed to the railing. "I think I would like to stretch my leg, too."

Saint Helie, who had been standing by her lonesome on the opposite side of the platform from Sunny, glanced at Nephis and sighed. "I am actually afraid of heights. Spending some time on the ground will be quite nice."

Rivalen of Aegis Rose stared at them in confusion. "Ah, yes. Me too… I mean, I want to stretch my legs too, Your Majesty. Not that I am afraid of heights."

The rest of the Saints had begun moving, as well.

The King of Swords did not spare them a look, continuing to study the battlefield.

Sunny wasn't sure if that was because everything was going according to what the Sovereign had wanted, or if he simply did not mind.

Nephis did not wait for the Sword Saints. Summoning her wings, she leaped off the head of the gargantuan Echo and plummeted toward the battlefield like a falling star. …Saint Jest, who had appeared next to Sunny at some point, let out a chuckle at the sight and shook his head. "Young people are so hot-headed these days!"

Then, he looked at Sunny and grinned. "What about you, Shadow? Are you joining the fun?"

Sunny turned his head and stared at the old man coldly. When he answered, his arrogant voice carried a hint of displeasure.

"No way. Haven't I told you before?"

He lingered for a moment, and then added evenly:

"I am a pacifist." With that, Sunny sighed, pushed himself off the railing, and turned into a shadow. The shadow disappeared from view a moment later, heading in the direction of the battlefield with stunning speed. Jest scoffed and shook his head again. "This kid… is such a terrible liar…"

**********


                                Chapter 1995  Grim Reality
--------------------
Rain had been experiencing this strange feeling as of late…

It was as though she was walking through life while asleep, stuck in a long and lurid nightmare. The first months of the war had been a dreadful and appalling ordeal, but she had always felt wide awake back then. Ascending the titanic arm of the dead deity, crossing over to the collarbone, establishing a camp in the middle of the abominable jungle, and marching into its depths to claim the Citadel for the Song Domain… those were the horrors she knew and accepted. What had happened next, however, was not. Rain was a bit lucky, perhaps, to be a part of the Seventh Legion. After playing an important role in the conquest of the Collarbone Citadel, they had been allowed to rest and recover for quite some time. Even later, the Song Army had held the Seventh Legion back as much as possible, letting other divisions spearhead the offensive on the Breastbone Reach.

It had taken a long time before Rain saw people killing other people, and was forced to spill human blood herself. She had been dreading that moment for a long time, but when it happened, it happened quickly. It was kill or be killed — the other person would not hesitate to end her life if given the chance… Only they would, if they were like her. And that was precisely the point — they were like her. The soldiers of the Sword Army were fellow humans, no different from Rain, and the thought of killing another human for no good reason was just as appalling to most of them as it was to her. They were all Awakened, and therefore no strangers to bloodshed. In fact, they were all natural killers, having experienced the visceral rush of fighting and slaying living beings many times. However, there was a stark difference between killing Nightmare Creatures and killing humans — real humans, not nameless phantoms conjured by the Spell in the illusory Nightmares.

If anything, their experience only made the act of killing harder. Those who routinely faced Nightmare Creatures knew how precious human lives were, after all, because they knew that humanity was surrounded by the enemy — by the abominable other — from all sides.

The soldiers of the two great armies might have been enemies, but they weren't… the other. They were the same. Still, war... was war. The first time Rain had to aim at a human, she felt nauseated and afraid. She froze for a moment, unable to let go of the string, and then lowered her bow a little — an action that was somehow both involuntary and completely conscious. As a result, her arrow struck the enemy archer in the thigh instead of piercing his heart. It had never become easier. There were a few of these moments later on — sometimes, Rain was sure that while her arrows seriously wounded many, they did not kill anyone…

Sometimes, she was not. But it was all happening so quickly. There was no time to think. Before she could even fathom the implications of her actions, there was a new enemy rushing at their position, and after one battle was over, another would be starting too soon. Strangely enough — or maybe quite predictably — the aim of the enemy archers was often just as terrible as hers.

Melee fighters like Tamar and Ray did not enjoy the same privilege. And yet, they too did not seem burning with a feverish desire to see the enemy die. In the bloody havoc of battles, they often aimed to incapacitate their opponents instead of killing them… as often as they could, at least. But how often could that be?

People were still dying.

The skirmishes in Godgrave were swift and brutal. One army attacked, and the other one defended. Usually, it quickly became apparent which side held the advantage — the other side retreated, unwilling to suffer heavy casualties for an empty cause.

Sometimes, the Ascended officers would try to implement a more ruthless strategy and held the wavering soldiers back… but the officers themselves were human, too.

They were just as appalled by the senseless bloodshed, and just as dismayed by the hideous reality of war.

The more people died, the more discontent the soldiers and the officers became, and the more elusive the initial reason for the war seemed.

In the end, the soldiers on both sides were shaken and disturbed. The army camps, which had been lively once, were now subdued and full of silence. Rain often saw people sitting on the ground and staring into the distance with empty eyes, some still covered in blood from the recent battle. As an archer, she was usually cleaner than them… but otherwise, she was very much the same. All of it seemed too ugly and wrong to be real. And so, she couldn't shake the feeling that reality was merely a nightmare.

It would be quite fitting, actually. Rain had cheated the world by Awakening without undergoing the First Nightmare… so, there was perverse justice in the fact that her life had become a kind of nightmare in turn.

But, of course, she knew that what was happening around her, and to her, was no nightmare. The war was very real, and the horrors of the war were very real, as well. There was no escaping that fact, and all she could do was blame herself for coming to this godforsaken hell instead of burying her head in the sand and cowardly running away to hide in Ravenheart.

Rain found some solace in the company of her cohort… Tamar, Ray, and Fleur. The four of them were going through this terrible ordeal together, and searched for ways to survive it in sound mind together. Even in the depths of her dejection, she couldn't imagine abandoning them. But most of all, what helped her stay sane… was the company and support of her brother. Her… brother.

It had taken Rain a while to come to terms with the fact that her mysterious and often sinister teacher was not, in fact, some dark deity or errant spirit, but instead her older brother. And entirely human, on top of that!

A completely improbable, astonishing, and absurd human. How did his existence even make sense? How could he be one of the most powerful Saints in the world, her brother, and Changing Star's boyfriend to boot?

Still… although confounding, his presence by her side was not unwelcome. It was a source of warmth and strength for her, instead. And Rain desperately needed both of those things. Especially today.

Because today, the two great armies had gathered on a vast bone plain, and the Seventh Legion was thrown into the jaws of a calamitous battle.

**********


                                Chapter 1996  Fodder
--------------------
There had been countless skirmishes and several larger battles between the two armies before, but never anything of that scale.

There had never been a battle this great and this terrible in all of human history... at least not in the history of their world.

But then again, this wasn't their world. The Seventh Legion was in the most dire section of the battlefield — the very middle of the center, serving as the spearhead of the entire Song Army. The enemies they faced were not young Awakened who had become carriers of the Spell in the aftermath of the Chain of Nightmares, either, but the hardened core of the Sword Army instead…

The seasoned veterans of the royal clan's own storied forces. The Knights of Valor. They were like a steel bulwark that refused to be shaken or pushed back, repelling one fierce attack after another. The Ascended Knights commanded Awakened Squires, maintaining immaculate discipline and the indomitable will of the elite troops.

They were all clad in heavy steel armor and wielded potent Memories as weapons, their vermilion cloaks standing out vividly against the white backdrop of the sun-bleached bone. Powerful Echoes fought in front of the formation — some of them earned as rewards from the Spell, some crafted by the enchanters of Valor. Rain was concentrating on destroying these Echoes while trying to ignore the terrible cacophony of battle and the screams of dying soldiers that washed over her like a heartbreaking song. 'Damn it, damn it, damn…'

But how could she ignore it?

The shaking ground was slick with blood, broken bodies laying here and there and staring at the blinding sky with empty eyes. Most of them were strangers, but some of them… some of them, she had come to know over the months spent fighting side by side in Godgrave. That man there… she had seen him survive the deadly embrace of a monstrous tree in the Hollows. He had survived the abominable jungle only to die here, cut down by a human blade. The woman there — she was quite infamous in the Seventh Legion for the habit of singing her heart out in the baths despite possessing absolutely no musical talent. Rain had never spoken to her, but she had heard the painful singing many times. The woman would never sing again…

'Damn it!'

Gritting her teeth, terrified out of her mind and immensely angry at the same time, Rain tried to take aim through the tears veiling her eyes and let go of the string. …Of course, there were not that many bodies littering the ground. Not because very few people had died, but simply because the dead did not stay still for long on this heinous battlefield. Just as Rain's arrow pierced the neck of a rampaging Echo, the dead singer moved and slowly rose to her feet. Her Memories were gone, and her tunic was painted red by blood, revealing a harrowing wound. Nevertheless, the young woman did not seem bothered by the pain. She turned her empty gaze to the steady line of heavily armored knights, and headed toward them with calm steps. All around her, other pilgrims were marching toward the enemy, as well. And inside the enemy formation, their own fallen were standing up to attack it from within. …The Knights of Valor were a ruthless bunch, though. As soon as one of them perished, the body would be dragged back by the soldiers of the rear rows and either destroyed or debilitated before it could rise. The Sword Army had been learning how to resist the authority of the Queen, as well. Witnessing the dreadful scene, Rain remained motionless for a few moments, her breath ragged. Her muscles were aching from the strain of drawing the heavy bow, and she was suffering from the unbearable heat. Even with the [Pièce de Résistance] cooling her down, it was too intense and oppressive, sweat rolling down her skin and stinging her eyes.

She felt dirty. The noise of the battle was deafening, and its sight was horrifying. Rain was lost for a moment. Then, her shadow moved, and a familiar voice whispered into her ear:

"Snap out of it!"

She flinched and tried to regain her composure. "Summon your sword. Things are about…"

Before her teacher… Sunny… was done talking, a loud horn rolled across the stretch of the battlefield where the Seventh Legion was fighting. Rain failed to register what the unexpected sound meant, at first, but then shivered. 'It's the Knights…'

The Knights of Valor were being called to advance. She was currently standing on a toppled wagon, surrounded by fellow soldiers. Tamar's centuria had participated in an assault on the enemy formation not too long ago, and then retreated to rest and lick their wounds while other members of the legion continued the frantic attack. But they weren't that far from the melee. If the enemy threw all their power into an offensive push…

'Ah…'

Rain dismissed her bow and manifested the Mark of Shadows into a black tachi. Tamar had already risen from the ground by leaning on her enormous zweihander. Fleur had been treating one of the soldiers, so Ray grabbed her and pushed her back to safety. The steel wall of fearsome knights suddenly surged forward, making the ground quake. They suffered a few casualties while toppling the pilgrims, then crashed into the soldiers of the Seventh Legion a few moments later. Instantly, the carnage and mayhem of the battle turned ten times more intense, with all remaining order evaporating in one harrowing moment. A deafening clangor arose, drowning out the sound of human screams. Before too long, the frontline of the legion was broken and pushed back, and the enemies were upon Tamar and her worn-down warriors. Rain jumped off the wagon, thinking that they were lucky. At least the enemies they faced were not the indomitable Knights of Valor, this time. Instead, they seemed to belong to one of the vassal clans… their cloaks were white instead of vermilion, at least, and many had decorated their armor with feathers. The world shook as countless Aspects were unleashed and raged across the battlefield, and the merciless sky continued to batter the two great armies with radiance and heat. Gripping her sword, Rain gritted her teeth and followed Tamar to fight the soldiers of the Sword Army. …Her shadow followed too, of course.

**********


                                Chapter 1997  Human Cost
--------------------
The pilgrims were consumed by the tidal wave of steel warriors, only managing to fell the vanguard of unfeeling Echoes. There were more of them on other parts of the battlefield, but here at the epicenter of the calamitous clash between the two great armies, the Knights of Valor were too shrewd and callous to allow the dead to rise en masse. The indomitable formation of the Sword Army elites surged forward like an iron wave, crashing into the Seventh Legion and shattering its offensive line. However, not long after, the momentum of the Valor forces stalled. And then, it was exhausted entirely, leaving them in a deadly mire. Their enemy was not to not be trifled with, either — the seven Royal Legions consisted of the best warriors of the Song Domain, and among them, the Seventh Legion was the fiercest.

It only lost to the First Legion, perhaps, which had vanished into the darkness of the Spine Ocean and was not present on the battlefield today. After suffering the initial blow, the broken formation of the Song warriors did not buckle, and the warriors themselves did not lose themselves to fear. They were not routed — instead, they descended upon the Knights of Valor and their auxiliary forces like a deadly swarm, burning with wicked resolve and primal fury.

These men and women were neither enthralled by the promise of glory nor intoxicated by the raucous hymns of war. However, they weren't willing to taste the bitterness of defeat, either. …A wide swath of the hellish battlefield turned into an even harsher hell, with thousands of powerful Awakened and hundreds of fearsome Masters clashing in a deadly melee. The cacophony of deafening thunderclaps, the litany of human screams, and the violent tremors of the bloodied ground fused into a nightmarish choir of destruction, as if the world itself was in the throes of death — or rebirth, maybe. Perhaps it was the dead deity of Godgrave that was being reborn, its ancient bones soaked by human blood. In any case, the warriors of both the Sword Army and the Song Army seemed to have forgotten themselves, consumed by the dire and macabre necessity of battle. Their previous doubts were washed away by the shock and awe of the harrowing battlefield, and their minds were hollowed by the dreadful, demented noises of the disastrous havoc. The world had gone insane. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Rain was so afraid that she did not even feel fear anymore. It was as if that part of her that had been responsible for knowing fear overheated and went up in flames, leaving only cold ashes in its wake. Now, all she felt was fury and resentment. She did not even know what she was furious about, and whom she resented. In the absence of an answer, Rain could only focus her reeling mind on the enemy in front of her. Tamar was the first to clash with the warriors of the Sword Army, vaulting over their loose battle line with the help of her Aspect Ability and using the second floating step to abruptly arrest her momentum, twist on one leg, and lunge herself at their backs. As soon as her foot touched the ground, her brutish zweihander flashed in a wicked horizontal arc, breaking someone's armor and throwing them aside.

She was putting herself in terrible danger, of course, all alone behind the enemy line…

But a moment later, her soldiers collided with the front of the enemy formation. Attacked from both sides, the Feather Knights momentarily fumbled. That was all the opportunity Rain and her comrades needed, tearing into them with urgent determination. Steel rang against steel, and tasted human flesh, as well.

Blood spilled on the pristine white surface of the ancient bone.

Rain raised her tachi and forced her hands to stop trembling.

Somewhere not too far away…

The elites of Clan Valor were struggling to hold against the vicious attack of the Song warriors. Acting with astonishing precision and stalwart poise, they maintained their formation and refused to give ground, which was already drenched in blood. The enemy would not allow them to retreat, anyway… and there, behind them, the dead were already stirring, ready to rise. If they were to be saved, they had to carve a bloody path to salvation with their own hands.

And so, they held fast...

However, a few moments later, a swift figure in crimson garments flashed between the soldiers of Song and crashed into the formation of the ironclad knights. It was a beautiful woman who wore no armor, her ebony hair fluttering behind her in the wind. Her skin was pale like snow, and her eyes were just as cold.

Her scarlet lips were pressed tightly against each other. She was one of the Blood Sisters who followed Princess Seishan… A Master of the Song Domain. Wielding a sharp dagger with a wavy blade, she collided with the warriors of the Sword Army and pushed them back. Her thin hand moved with inhuman speed, slicing up the throat of one soldier, blinding another, piercing a third one's chest. The knights staggered back in a haze of blood, opening a breach in their formation. The Blood Sister dashed forward, ready to widen the gap…

Only for her kris to be stopped by a sword's blade.

Sid, one of the Fire Keepers who had been sent into battle with the Knights of Valor, pushed the enemy Master back and looked at her with a scowl. Her dirty-blonde hair was wet with sweat, and her shield Memory was gone, destroyed by a ferocious Echo… which was a real shame, considering that it had been wonderfully modified by the charming guest of their island not too long ago. As the breach in the formation widened and the soldiers of the two armies descended into a frenzied melee, she sighed and spoke with a hint of regret: "Elly."n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Her voice was somber.  "...You should have stayed away from this war, stupid girl."

The Blood Sister — the former Handmaiden — forced out a defiant smile. "It's good to see you again, Sid." With that, she raised her beautiful dagger and prepared to attack. A moment later, the two former members of the Dreamer Army clashed under the merciless grey sky, aiming to end each other's lives.

**********


                                Chapter 1998 Old Friends
--------------------
Sid knew the Handmaiden... the Blood Sister... quite well.

Her name was Felise. The two of them had been at the Academy together, and arrived at the Dark City at the same time.

There were many others that year, as well... although not everyone made it to the Bright Castle alive. Those who had either turned out to be lucky enough to become Guards or were left to rot in the outer settlement.

Sid and Felise were not lucky, but they happened to possess a few soul shards by then, so they paid the tribute and entered the Castle together. Naturally, they stuck close to each other once inside.

Their shards did not last long, though. Eventually, they had nothing left to pay tribute with... that day, Sid decided to leave for the outer settlement, while Felise decided to become a Handmaiden.

Sid did not blame her for that decision. Felise was... a soft girl. The harsh life in the outer settlement would be a death sentence for someone like her, most likely.

Hell, Sid was quite pessimistic about her own chances of survival.

But she did survive, somehow.

Their friendship did not end immediately, either. Felise used to sneak out food for her when she could, in those first few months on the Forgotten Shore. The two hid in a threadbare shack and shared their hopes, their fears, and their scars - both physical and mental.

But it was hard to maintain a connection when separated by the impenetrable walls of the Castle. Eventually, they grew apart. Felise became one of Seishan's people, while Sid became a hunter of the outer settlement.

And after the war for the Bright Castle and the siege of the Crimson Spire, well... Sid followed Nephis of the Immortal Flame, while Elly

followed Seishan of Song. Their paths did not cross again in the many years since.

...Until today.

'Gods...'

Sid had been a passable fighter all the way back on the Forgotten Shore otherwise, she would not have survived the streets of the Dark City. And in the years since, she only grew more deadly.

The Chained Isles, the Southern Campaign, the Second Nightmare, and the countless battles fought side by side with Changing Star - both across the Sword Domain and here in Godgrave - had tempered and sharpened her already outstanding skill, turning Sid into a unique existence among Ascended.

She had even fought the Lord of Shadows once!

That monster...

And yet, she was being pushed back by Felise.

Her former friend was just too swift, too strong, and too cunning. Her kris was shorter than the arming sword Sid wielded, and yet, it seemed to be everywhere all at once. Worse yet, the moment their blades clashed, Sid felt her hand trembling from the dire force of the impact.

It did not make any sense. Having long saturated her core and armed with Memories that no amount of money could buy, Sid was at the peak of what a Master could be, while Elly's Aspect - its Dormant Ability, at least - was tailored to Utility. How had she become so monstrously powerful?

Staggering back, Sid barely managed to activate her Awakened Ability in time. Her body became intangible for a split second, and the wavy blade of the beautiful kris passed through her forearm without cutting her tendons.

Sliding back on the bloodied surface of the sun-bleached bone, she

regained her balance and raised her sword into a defensive stance, breathing heavily.

It did not make any sense at all...

"... When did you become so strong?"

Her voice came out hoarse and heavy.

Felise gritted her teeth, and then lunged forward with the speed of lightning.

"I... have always been strong..."

Sid used her Aspect to give herself a few moments of tremendous might, and battered the sharp kris aside. There was a deafening boom,

and an explosion of fiery sparks.

Her free hand turned into a fist, flying toward the Handmaiden's beautiful face...

...Some distance away, Rain pushed an enemy aside, deflected a downward slash aimed at her head, and slammed the pommel of her tachi into the visor of another Awakened foe's helmet.

Gaining a moment to breathe, she swallowed a mouthful of searing air and looked around.

All around her, the warriors of the Seventh Legion were intertwined in a bloody struggle against the elite forces of the Sword Domain. The Feather Knights had turned out to be tough adversaries, even if they were no match for the true monsters of Valor.

Still, they possessed that eerie quality that all soldiers of the Sword Army possessed... they moved as one, seamlessly weaving a net of sharp steel to defend themselves and cut the enemies down. This strange ability was hard to explain with words, but very easy to become a victim of.

Many were already dead.

...Many dead were already rising from the ground, too.

That sight was both deeply horrifying and shamefully reassuring.

At least the Queen was with them.

Rain shuddered.

Not too far away, a vaguely familiar Blood Sister was fighting against a Knight of Valor, her crimson garments and his vermilion cloak turning into a red blur. The enemy Ascended was bleeding from a dozen hideous wounds, but it only seemed to make him stronger. Apart from him, there was another dire problem on their section of

the battlefield...

It was one of the Feather Knights - a young woman wearing light

armor and a white cape, her pauldron and the plume of her helmet adorned with white feathers. Her youthful face was pretty and somber, and her hair seemed to be gold.

From the way she moved and her threatening presence on the battlefield, she gave Rain the same impression most Legacies did.

Sharp, grounded.

Deadly.

Among all the Awakened warriors they were facing, the young woman

was the most dangerous, having already killed several of Rain's

comrades.

That was why Tamar had fought her way in that direction, and was

facing her personally.

'Damn it...'

Their battle was both breathtaking and chilling, since both were at the

very pinnacle of what ordinary Awakened strived to be... but mostly chilling, for Rain, because her heart skipped a beat every time the enemy's sharp blade whistled past Tamar, missing her vitals by a few centimeters at most.

Feeling an ominous premonition, Rain exhaled through gritted teeth and lunged back into the furious melee.

She was trying to make her way to where Tamar and the young

Feather Knight were clashing, but it was taking her a long time... There were too many people fighting, bleeding, and dying between her and the two Legacies. There was too much mayhem.

She could become one of those dying people at any moment, too, falling to the ground in a fountain of blood...

Even if her brother was a powerful Saint, he was not omnipotent. On

a battlefield like this one, life and death could be decided in a split

second.

And Rain... Rain was wasting too many seconds trying to reach Tamar.

**********


                                Chapter 1999  Embrace of Shadow
--------------------
As Rain was struggling to fight her way toward Tamar, Tamar was struggling to contend against her fearsome enemy. Both she and the young Feather Knight seemed to have fully saturated cores, possessed exceptional combat skill, and were stellar at controlling their essence — at least to the degree Awakened could. As a result, their physical prowess was truly superhuman, and their clash seemed like a whirlwind of steel that rolled across the battlefield, colliding with other warriors to consume them from time to time. However, Rain could still make out the details of the fight, and while the power of the two Legacies were roughly equal, Tamar was obviously at a disadvantage due to being younger and less experienced. At first glance, it looked like she was actually pushing the Feather Knight back… however, Rain could not fail to notice that Tamar's adversary had not used her Aspect yet. Either it had nothing to do with combat, or she was waiting for the right time to unleash her Abilities. The battle promised to be long and exhausting, after all, and powerful Aspect Abilities consumed a lot of essence — any Awakened soldier knew to ration their essence in a fight. Augmenting one's body, using one's Awakened Ability, and activating the enchantments of one's Memories — those were the things that they only resorted to when necessary during prolonged battles. If given a choice. …And while the young knight seemed to still have the luxury of the choice, Tamar did not, already exhibiting bursts of startling speed as often as she could. That was the only reason she was managing to keep, for now.

Rain had hoped that their clash would take the two Legacies closer to her, but they only seemed to moving further away. 'Damn it!'

She did not know what to do.

A small, cowardly part of her whispered… that she did not have to do anything, either. Trying to help Tamar was putting Rain herself at risk. Tamar was so very proud of herself and her family — their history, their martial excellence, their tradition. Surely, a proud Legacy like her could fend for herself. Why did Rain have to risk her own life for an entitled Legacy?

She had to concentrate on protecting herself, instead. Surviving on this battlefield was already difficult enough — doing so while rushing to reach a deadly enemy was no different from inviting her own demise.

Stuck in the mass of sharp steel and fighting Awakened, she gritted her teeth and looked down, at her shadow. Then, she forced out a stifled plea:

"I… I need help!"

Rain rarely asked her teacher for help. Her teacher was a mysterious and lofty existence, after all.

But her brother…

If she couldn't ask her older brother for help in a moment of desperation, then whom else could she ask?

A moment later, his soothing voice reached her ears through the cacophony of battle:

"There is something I can do. But... it is a bit unusual."

Rain clashed with a warrior of the Sword Army, deflecting his blade aside and delivering a devastating downward slash to his shoulder. His steel armor prevented the black tachi from cutting deep, but the force of the blow threw the man to the ground. Rain kicked him for good measure and shouted, not caring if anyone heard her:

"Do it! Do it now!"

In the next moment…

Something strange happened. Hidden by the havoc of battle and unnoticed by anyone except for her, a second shadow separated from her own for a split second. Then, the second shadow flowed up her leather boot… and wrapped itself around her. Rain's eyes widened. 'W—what the…'

Once the shadow embraced her, a wondrous change took place. Her body, which was aching from strain and fatigue a moment ago, was suddenly flooded with enormous power. Every fiber of her being felt energized and revitalized, her muscles brimming with potency and might. Her strength, her speed, her endurance… it felt as if they had magically increased twofold, or even more. Her perception sharpened, making it easier to discern the details of what was happening around her.

Even her black tachi felt more deadly in her hand. At the same time, she inexplicably felt calmer. There was… a subtle, but vast presence in her mind — unfamiliar, but not foreign. The opposite of foreign, really. That faint, dark presence was deep and reassuring, making her feel… secure. [Better?]

Rain heard her brother's voice again. Only this time, it did not come from her shadow — instead, it resounded directly in her mind. She froze for a moment.

[...Quite.]

That was indeed better.

Much better. 'Who even needs an Aspect?'

Gripping the hilt of her tachi, Rain took a deep breath, and launched herself forward. Suddenly, the sea of Awakened in front of her was not as impenetrable anymore. Armed with her skill and embraced by the shadow, Rain cut through it with violent speed. Her sword turned into a dark blur as it parried and pushed enemy blades away, and when it was not enough, she used her own nimble body to either slip past them or toss them aside.

Perhaps that was what being an Ascended felt like…

Throwing one glance at the harrowing battle between the Blood Sister and the Knight of Valor, Rain shuddered. No… she was not ready to face Masters yet. In fact, she was probably still much weaker than Awakened with powerful combat Aspects that augmented their bodies were… granted, the embrace of the shadow was much more versatile than most such Aspects, enhancing all her physical traits instead of one or two. It was enough. The distance between Rain and Tamar finally started to shrink, and the more she grew used to her newfound power, the quicker it shrank. 'Hold on, Tamar!'

Rain finally felt that her ominous premonition was nothing more than a false sense of anxiety. She was almost there. She had almost made it. …But in the end, she did not. Rain was less than a dozen meters away from the two fighting Legacies when the cadence of their clash changed. The young Feather Knight did something that made Tamar sway, and then swiftly disengaged. Her eyes suddenly shone like two cold stars, and blue arcs of electricity danced across her steel armor. Before Rain could even react, she pointed her sword forward. Then, an incinerating bolt of lighting shot from its tip, reaching Tamar in an instant and swallowing her figure in a flash of blue radiance.

**********


                                Chapter 2000  Human Beasts
--------------------
Tamar was enveloped by blinding blue radiance for a moment, and then thrown violently to the ground. Her zweihander fell out of her hand, rattling as it slid across the surface of the bloodsoaked bone. Her armor was scorched and melted in several places, revealing patches of gruesomely burned skin.

Wisps of smoke rose from beneath it, dissipating in the air. Rain froze for a heartbeat, her mind numb. 'N—no...'

Then, Tamar moved weakly, revealing that she was still alive. What had hit here was no different from true lightning, more than capable of turning a human body to ash. However, the young Legacy must have possessed a Memory that granted her a high enough level of resistance to elemental attacks.

That was how she had survived.

Nevertheless…

She was still wounded and sprawled helplessly on the ground, temporarily unable to defend herself. And her adversary was unscathed, still holding a sword in her hand. Blue arcs of electricity were still dancing across her armor. [Move!]

Her brother's voice shook Rain awake from her stupor. The young Feather Knight took a step forward, raising her sword with an unsteady hand. Her face was pale — perhaps because she was unused to killing people, or perhaps simply because it was illuminated by the blue shine of her fearsome Aspect.

A moment later, Rain jumped over Tamar and lunged at the young woman, prepared to strike. Of course, she had not forgotten to pour essence into the Pièce de Résistance, and limit the scope of its defense to only electricity — thus rising her protection against it as high as possible. The young Feather Knight flinched and shifted her gaze to the new enemy. Her sword moved, and another bolt of lightning crackled as it shot at Rain. Its speed was too dire to dodge, or even react. Rain only knew that she had been hit a moment later, when her vision drowned in a sea of white, and terrible pain pierced her entire body.

…But it wasn't that bad. She was blinded and in pain, but had suffered little actual harm. It seemed that the protective Memory her brother had crafted for her was quite superior to what Tamar, an actual Legacy, possessed. She was surprisingly unhurt. The pain was truly terrible, though, and the electrical charge messed up her control over her body quite badly.

'Ah… hell…'

Rain was blinded, but she still possessed the ability to sense the shadows. She had been trained to navigate the world with this sense, as well. It would have to do until she regained her vision.

She still had to deal with the Feather Knight. A moment later, she battered the young woman's sword away and rammed her shoulder into the enemy's chest, sending both of them flying away from Tamar and tumbling to the ground. Rain was disoriented, but she still jumped to her feet first and slashed down with her sword, feeling a terrifying sense of urgency.

She was wary of her adversary.

Her movements were fluid and terrifyingly swift, but the young Feather Knight still managed to block the black tachi. She was still on her knees and a little dazed, using both hands to receive Rain's blow on the blade of her sword. Rain could vaguely see that her enemy's helmet had flown off, and her golden hair was fluttering in the wind. The image was vague and blurry, though, making it hard to discern any details. As soon as the two blades collided, Rain let out a shocked hiss and staggered away.

'What a… cunning wench…'

Her golden-haired foe had used her Aspect power in an insidious way. Instead of channeling it into a bolt of lightning, she simply channeled it into her steel sword. From there, it traveled through the blade of Rain's own tachi and into her body, bringing with it even more pain.

"Aargh!"

Rain's momentary fumble gave the pretty Feather Knight all the time she needed to rise. The next moment, though, she had to duck with a startled expression as Rain unceremoniously tossed the tachi at her face. By the time the enemy reacted, Rain was already upon her, grabbing her sword with one hand and delivering a devastating punch to her chest with another. Rain's hands were protected by the gloves made from black, lusterless leather. Leather was a far better insulator than the blade of the black tachi, so all she felt from touching the enemy's sword and breastplate was a little sting. Her current strength, at the same time, was dreadful enough to make the steel of the young Feather Knight cave in a little, and for a stifled scream to escape from her mouth. …But not enough to make the young Legacy lose her edge, apparently. In the next second, the Feather Knight's knee slammed into Rain's side, and her fists sent her reeling back in agony — one rammed into her ribs, the other slammed into her chin, making Rain taste blood. 'Why did she have to be proficient in hand-to-hand combat, as well…'

She staggered back, then instantly spun and dove down, sweeping her enemy's feet. Not giving the golden-haired knight an opportunity to rise, Rain pressed her into the ground and punched her in the face, causing bright blood to shoot from the young woman's nose. A moment later, the two of them were wrestling on the blood-soaked ground, trying to crush, break, and strangle each other. The white feathers on the young Legacy's armor were soon marred and turned red, and Rain's armor was no better. Rain was stronger... but the young Feather Knight was still covered in a blue net of electric arcs, which continuously hurt and numbed the adversary. By then, Rain's vision had almost returned, revealing the dirty, bloodied, pitiful face of her enemy. The fear and desperation in her eyes… and frightening killing intent burning in them, as well. For a moment, Rain felt disconnected from her own mind and body. At that moment, the two of them did not seem like warriors… or even humans, really. There was no grace, skill, or honor in their violent and ugly struggle. Instead, they were no different from dirty, wild beasts tearing at each other in a murderous frenzy. Still, one of them would have to die, and the other one was going to live. That... was the essence of combat. Rain had no time or luxury to hesitate, think, or even feel.

She could only strive to assure that, at the end, she was the one who survived.

**********

