Shadow Slave - PART 173
Chapters 1721 to 1730
==============================


                                Chapter 1721: Footsteps of History.
--------------------
Effie rose to her full height, towering a hundred meters above the desert. She was like a colossus cast of lustrous steel, the gorgeous lines of her athletic body shining under the blinding sun… a beautiful war deity rising to face the tide of monstrous abominations.

The white fabric of the Starlight Shard rippled in the wind.

Expanding the two Memories to fit her giant size cost a significant amount of essence, but it was worth it. Sadly, the same could not be said about the rest of her arsenal — not that there were a lot of Memories in her possession that could accommodate her Transformation.

Even those that could were too weak to justify the expenditure.

Especially because Effie had other ways to spend her essence.

As soon as her Transformation was complete, she activated her Ascended Ability. Instantly, every soldier at the bottom of the dry riverbed — those that could see her, at least — felt their hearts beating faster. Their spirit and body were reinvigorated, while their strength, speed, agility, endurance, and resilience were greatly enhanced.

But that was the good thing about Effie's Transformation… it was hard not to notice a hundred-meter-tall colossus, especially one as striking as her. Her Ascended and Transcendent Abilities synergized beautifully to make sure that anyone on the battlefield could see her at any moment, even in the midst of a furious melee.

As long as she was on the front line.

The loud, reverberating roar rose from the riverbed as thousands of soldiers, both mundane and Awakened, chanted in exhilaration:

«Raised by Wolves!»

«Saint Athena!»

«War Beast is here!»

Their impassioned voices were full of resolve and grim determination.

And as they looked at her, Effie felt her essence being slowly replenished.

«Well, at least someone is in a good mood.»

Looking past the exultant soldiers, she gazed at the burning city. From her current height, Effie could see the eerie fissures of the Nightmare Gates surrounding it like seven ghastly siege towers. One of them was especially tall, reaching even higher into the sky than she did.

There were several gargantuan figures moving in the sea of Nightmare Creatures. The Great Devil was not the only calamity unleashed by the seven Gates there were other Gate Guardians, as well.

Two of them was even Titans.

«A Great Devil, a Corrupted Tyrant, two Fallen Titan, and a swarm of Terrors…»

One way or another, today's battle was going to end up in the history books. It was not quite the Chain of Nightmares, but definitely the worst crisis the waking world had faced since the Southern Campaign — by far.

What would the history books tell?

That on that day, the forces of humanity triumphed vallantly over a dreadful enemy?

Or…

That on that day, humanity mourned the loss of many of its most brilliant warriors?

Even now, on the precipice of the battle, Effie could not tell.

«…To hell with that.»

She grinned and kneeled, then placed the back of her hand on the ground, the open palm facing the sky.

Who cares about history? This battle might seem dreadful, but it was destined to become an insignificant speck in the tapestry of horrors that awaited humanity in the coming decades. In the near future, there would be a hundred, a thousand battles much more terrible than this.

By the end of it all, there might be no one left to read history books, let alone write them.

Such exciting times! She was definitely not going to miss them.

[Cassie.., are you watching?]

There was a moment of silence, and then a response came, as calm and relaxed as ever:

[I am.]

Effie smiled.

[…Watch well.]

It was Cassie's job, after all, to witness and remember everything.

Down below, on the ground, the tiny ant that was Jet soared into the air and landed gracefully on her palm. Effie rose to her feet, gazed ahead, and took the first step forward.

The ground quaked under her titanic footsteps.

She leaned forward and pushed off, breaking into a sprint. The sight of the beautiful steel colossus running was both magnificent and terrifying, the sheer scale of it all escaping imagination.

Awash in the echoing war chant of the advancing army, Effie leaped over the vast battle formation the marching mundane soldiers, the wings of lumbering MWPs, the heavily armored tanks, the Awakened phalanx — and crossed the dry riverbed in no more than a dozen great strides, making the world quake.

Then, she was among the Nightmare Creatures. Standing on her palm like a beautiful toy soldier, Jet shouted:

«Don't slow down! Proceed to the designated drop point!»

Effle answered with a seoff.

«When have I ever slowed down?»

Her volce was like the thunderous song of a divine war horn.

And that was with her keeping it down. Jet was tough enough to withstand the full volume of Effie's voice, but if a mundane human happened to be too close, they would easily be crippled or outright die under its pressure. So, she had developed a habit of staying silent or speaking softly when assuming the godlike form of the militant giantess.

A moment later, her foot descended on a swarm of Nightmare Creatures, ruthlessly crushing dozens of them in one fell swoop. Some had survived, and were already trying to crawl up her shins, their fangs and claws scraping fruitlessly against the polished steel.

Her armor was a Supreme Memory of the First Tier, though, so none of their attempts amounted to anything. Even if the armor was breached, Effie had her Awakened Ability to fall back on. As great as her offensive might was, her defenses were even more astonishing… in fact, Effie was often tempted to say that she was practically Indestructible.

Of course, she never did. Saying something like that was just inviting trouble.

There were all kinds of Nightmare Creatures out there, Many of them had means of bypassing physical defense, or could deal entirely different types of damage. The moment a powerful Awakened became arrogant was usually the moment they died.

The Spell whispered into her ear:

[You have slain…]

[You have slain…]

[You have slain…]

Ignoring the sonorous choir of its voice, Effie leaned forward a little and delivered a powerful kick, pulverizing an especially large abomination.

The creature must have been at least a dozen meters tall, and would have looked like a towering behemoth to the advancing soldiers. But to her, it was no bigger than a large rat. Its body disintegrated into a disgusting torrent of bloody liquid, and before that liquid splattered across a vast stretch of the riverbed's slope, Effie was already past the foremost wave of the Nightmare Creatures… Nothing but devastation was left in her wake.

[You have slain a Corrupted Monster, Maw of Kanakht.]

A moment later, she reached the city barrier.

It was quite inferior to the great walls surrounding NQSC, Not all human cities were siege capitals, after all the true siege capitals had been constructed and received that title during the Dark Times, and there were just a few of them left standing in the world.

Of course, all human cities had been turned into highly advanced strongholds after the descent of the Spell, both to keep the Nightmare Creatures out and to make them habitable in the aftermath of the previous era. Still, the scale of their defenses varled.

The ruined city in front of Effie had quite a robust wall once upon time, but now it lay in ruins. The streets were obscured by smoke, and countless abominations were rampaging under its suffocating shroud.

From this close, she could hear a terrible cacophony of crumbling buildings, bestial roars, sporadic gunfire…

And human screams.

There were indeed survivors there, below her. Which was why she had to be careful.

«To your left!»

Jet's shout was very timely.

Turning her head, Effie saw a wide highway piercing into the heart of the city. There was a fortified railway in its middle, with a mess of overturned train cars laying on the tracks. The highway itself was crowded by military vehicles… all empty and painted red by blood.

This was where the city garrison forces had tried, and falled, to stop the tide of abominations after the walls fell.

What was important to Effie, though, was that she would be able to use the highway to reach the heart of the city without trampling countless civilians to death and toppling damaged buildings.

Paving a bloody path through the horde of abominations, she stomped her way to the highway. Countless abominations perished under her footsteps. Those that were more powerful were crushed to death in her grasp, torn apart, or splattered across the concrete.

Their assault was like a dark tide. Some were large enough to pose a threat to even someone as giant as her… but Effie did not only have size on her side. She also had her skill, intellect, and battle experience.

The combination was truly devastating, and none of these meddling creatures could withstand her might.

It would have been even more devastating if she had a proper spear and shield to wield, but alas, she did not. So, Effie fought with her bare hands- or rather, with her entire body except for one hand, which was being used to carry Jet — in accordance with the ancient hand-to-hand combat techniques hammered into her bones by the War Maidens of the Chalice Temple.

There were swarms of flying abominations, as well. When those descended upon her, even Jet received an opportunity to bloody her blade.

Reaching the highway, Effie advanced swiftly toward the heart of the city. As she ran, shattering the road and flattening overturned train cars and abandoned military vehicles with each step, she kept her eyes on the true threats.

To her left, on the edges of the city, the colossal shape of the Fallen Titan was toppling residential towers and feeding on the crushed corpses of countless humans.

To her right, the massive figure of the Corrupted Titan was consuming the remains of the government compound.

Another Titan was nearby, having already breached the ceiling of a deep underground shelter.

And finally, far ahead, on the opposite side of the city, past the shattered barrier…

A vague silhouette of the Great Devil was towering above the local outskirts, moving slowly in the eerie silence.

There were two more Gate Guardians spread throughout the ruins, as well, both already gazing at her and narrowing the distance.

And a sea of Nightmare Creatures following them.

«Everyone wants in on the party…»

Finally, she reached the drop point.

Effie sent a shockwave spreading from the spot where the edge of her foot had dug into the ground to stall her momentum, and came to an abrupt halt.

In the next moment, her voice shook the sky with a thunderous, defiant call:

«Wolf Army! Charge!»

**********


                                Chapter 1722 Slingshot Maneuver
--------------------
The Wolves had been a company during the Southern Campaign, consisting of around a hundred Awakened and ten times as many mundane soldiers, as well as a platoon of MWPs and a robust stable of specialized vehicles. The majority of the mundane members of the Wolf Company were not frontline specialists, but instead support personnel meant to facilitate and enhance the combat effectiveness of the Awakened.

However, the company had swelled in the past few years, turning into a battalion consisting of a thousand seasoned Awakened warriors and around five thousand mundane soldiers. It had also distinguished itself as one of the most elite combat units of the government forces, earning the official title of the Wolf Army.

The Wolves were, first and foremost, shock troopers. They often fought in isolation from the rest of the government forces or led the attack, dropping directly into the fiercest locations on the battlefield from the Black Beast Locket.

That was right. Effie not only had her own army, but also often carried it around. Their most common strategy was for her to assume the giantess form, cleave her way to a strategically important point, and deploy her legion in a flash of shocking violence.

It was the same today.

As Effie's roar stunned the nearest Nightmare Creatures, rows and rows of soldiers materialized on the rubble of the burning city, as if marching out from the depths of hell.

A moment later, the Awakened vanguard already unleashed a barrage of arrows, projectile weapons, and long-range Aspect Abilities.

At the same time, heavy artillery vehicles launched concussive shells, and the lumbering MWPs came to life, the barrels of their armaments blooming with fire.

The melee fighters had already closed down their ranks, forming a loose phalanx.

...The tide of Nightmare Creatures descended upon them in a demented frenzy, only to be broken, torn apart, and pushed back.

"Show them hell!"

Effie's booming voice thundered from above.

Invigorated by the sight of their commander, the Wolves let out ferocious howls and redoubled their efforts to eviscerate the Nightmare Creatures.

'Cheeky bastards...'

She bent down and swiped her hand across the ruins of a building, grabbing a hulking abomination and using it as a projectile to crush dozens more into bloody paste.

Effie observed the battlefield from high above.

For the moment, at least, everything was going according to plan.

The Wolves had a simple, but dire objective - to secure a stronghold in the ruined city that would serve as a bulwark against the horde of Nightmare Creatures.

The seven Gates were positioned far away from the dry riverbed, so most of the abominations were amassed on the other side of the city center. The position where the Wolves had deployed was on the outer edges of the center, above the largest underground civilian shelter, and close to the reserve control station responsible for the city's automated defense systems.

They had to push the Nightmare Creatures back, establish an impregnable fire line, bring the defense systems back online, secure the perimeter, and help funnel the surviving civilians into the shelter.

At the same time, the main force of the Western Quadrant army would advance from the rear under Kai's leadership, cleanse the western part of the city from abominations, and join the Wolf Army, effectively drawing a clear battle line straight through the city center.

That was the plan, at least.

Of course, the entire plan depended on a single presumption: that the three Saints would be able to slay, or at least hold back, the primary targets the Gate Guardians.

Because no matter how elite and experienced the Wolves were, and no matter how numerous the Western Quadrant army was, mortal soldiers like them were simply incapable of stopping Titans, let alone facing Great abominations in battle.

Effie glanced at the towering figures of the two Titans, both drawing closer. The Corrupted Tyrant seemed to be moving in the direction of the Western Quadrant army, which had already engaged in a bloody battle on the streets of the city.

That one was Kai's problem now... sadly, it seemed that the reinforcements would be delayed.

The true horror, though, was the Great Devil, which had abandoned the outskirts and crossed the ruined walls of the city, moving unhurriedly in the direction of the Wolf Army.

The creature was still dozens of kilometers away, but its presence already felt suffocating.

'We can still win.'

In this battle, the government army had a secret weapon. That weapon was the Seneschal of the Great Clan Valor...

Saint Song of the Fallen.

Information was the lifeblood of warfare, especially so when one was dealing with Nightmare Creatures, many of whom possessed great and terrible powers. Knowing your enemy was more often than not the difference between life and death.

And with Cassie whispering into the ears of Effie, Kai, and Jet, they would know what the enemy was capable of once the abominations got within range of the Dormant Ability.

...Of course, no one except for the three of them could know that the blind seer serving the King of Swords was secretly assisting the government.

'It's good to have friends…’

As Effie thought that, Jet suddenly spoke in a calm, cold voice:

"I think the situation calls for the slingshot maneuver."

Effie looked down, studying the tiny, beautiful woman standing on her palm. Soul Reaper's icy blue eyes were full of grim, murderous, and cold resolve.

"That one? Are you sure?"

Jet nodded, then smiled faintly.

"Yes. I'll stall the Great Devil until you and Kai are done dealing with the other Gate Guardians. Don't play with your food and come help me as soon as you can."

Effie hesitated for a moment, holding back the words of concern.

Jet was right. Dealing with two Titans was already outside the realm of possibility... if the Great Devil was allowed to enter the fray and join forces with them, everyone would be doomed.

Eventually, she simply smiled.

"Alright. Just... don't kill it before we arrive! Or, if you do and receive a weapon Memory, give it to me. You already have your Legacy Relic, while I'm sick of fighting abominations with my bare hands. Their guts get stuck between my fingers. It's disgusting..."

Jet grinned.

"Deal. Now... do it before I change my mind!"

Effie sighed, then shifted her body, slowly bringing the hand on which Jet stood back. She extended her colossal arm backward, keeping it level with her shoulder.

The slingshot maneuver was not something the two of them had learned from books on military science. It was something they invented after participating in countless battles together.

Well, calling it a "maneuver" was mostly a joke. They just liked how legitimate it sounded, which was a bit funny, considering the actual procedure.

The procedure in question, meanwhile, was rather simple.

Effie strained her muscles, exhaled, and slung her arm forward.

Her hand rotated, the open palm facing the wind. Jet would have slid off and plummeted down if not for the fact that the pressure of acceleration pressed her into the vertical wall of polished steel. A mundane human would have been crushed by such pressure, but her Transcendent body was immensely resilient. She endured, kneeling slowly and looking up.

A small hurricane was raised by the passing of the colossal arm. Effie grunted... and pushed her palm forward with all her might, launching Jet into the air like a supersonic missile.

The Soul Reaper soared into the sky, flying in the direction of the distant Great Devil with terrible speed.

As she did, her figure was suddenly surrounded by wisps of ghostly mist.

**********


                                Chapter 1723 The Flight of the Wraiths.
--------------------
Being carried around on the palm of a militant giantess was perhaps the world's most exciting amusement ride in the world… losing only to being tossed into the sky by the said giantess, or maybe riding on the back of a dragon.

Today, Jet had the opportunity to experience all three. Who would have thought that a neglected girl from the outskirts would one day be living such an exciting life?

However, she wasn't really having fun.

Nor was she living, if one wanted to be technical.

Clad in a black leather armor, Jet soared across the sky. Her raven-black hair fluttered in the wind as her figure tore apart the towering pillars of smoke, the landscape of the ruined city streaking beneath her like a blur. Her icy blue eyes were burning with murderous intent.

Perhaps it was for the best that she was moving much too fast to see the scenes of devastation clearly.

The terrible loss of life was aggravating enough, but the irreparable damage done to the crucial infrastructure would frustrate her even more. At the end of the day, the two were one of the same — cities could not function without people, while people could not survive in this poisoned world without the protection of the cities.

So, the losses humanity had suffered today were doubly great.

Even if they were to win the battle and slaughtered the Nightmare Creatures, rebuilding the city was out of the question. Not with the focus of humanity slowly shifting toward the Dream Realm, and not in the aftermath of Antarctica.

After today, there would be one less human city on Earth. The survivors could be relocated to other population centers, and in time, the population would grow to replenish the lost lives… but the number of cities would only dwindled. Too many of them had been swallowed by the Chain of Nightmares, and in the years that followed, two more fell to the Skinwalker.

This city would be the third the government lost in the last four years.

To Jet, losing a city felt like being robbed of her personal belongings. It was sad, humiliating, and deeply distasteful.

She had a commitment to work for the government a long time ago, and as such, any defeat that the mission of the government suffered was a personal sleight.

«Those bastards…»

Jet was really sure who she was referring to — the Nightmare Creatures, or the people who had pushed back against her desire to allocate more precious resources to the waking world.

It was not like she did not understand the inevitable future. The waking world… their world… was not ending yet, but its trajectory was already clear. There were already more Nightmare Gates opening each year than ever before, and the median Category of those Gates was slowly climbing toward a complete disaster.

Most importantly, the Sovereigns were in the Dream Realm. Not only because they chose to be there, but also because it was hard for them to enter the waking world… as if their very existence was denied by it. So, even if a new Supreme was born in the future, they wouldn't be able to remain here continuously and protect the cradle of humanity. Therefore, a single Category Five Gate would spell doom to all who remained.

Which… wasn't that bad, actually. Jet wasn't a reactionary hellbent on remaining on Earth simply because that was where she had been born. In fact, she understood better than most that adaptability was humanity's greatest weapon.

Why wouldn't they resettle into a new world if their own was dying?

In fact… for every city that had been destroyed in the waking world, several were founded in the Dream Realm. The government would have to relocate their efforts there, as well.

It was just that, in her opinion, even the best of her colleagues were panicking. The trauma delivered by the Chain of Nightmare was too great, even if few people acknowledged it. And since they were panicking, they were rushing too much.

So, she was forced to clean up their messes.

Because of the rush, the government forces were too late to prevent this city's destruction.

«How ironic…»

Sometimes, she regretted that there wasn't anyone else among the people wielding power who had come from the outskirts. If there had been just one person who shared her mindset…

Ah, but wasn't it a pipe dream, for someone from the outskirts to survive the gauntlet of the Nightmare Spell? Even she could not claim to have truly survived it.

…Streaking across the sky like a deadly missile, Jet kept her gaze trained on the Great Devil and gritted her teeth.

A split second later, she activated her Transformation Ability. Her flesh turned into a ghostly mist, and a few moments later, there was a spectral wraith in the sky above the dying city.

The wraith form had many advantages in battle…

But it was also quite handy if one had been tossed like a dart by an unreasonably strong giantess, since being a ghost could prevent them from turning into thin film splattered across several kilometers of ragged terrain upon landing.

Not that Jet would. With her special physique, she could strike the ground like a meteor and climb out of the crater in one piece, if a little battered.

Still, a soft landing was better…

This time, sadly, the landing was not going to be particularly soft. She was dropping right on top of a Great Devil, after all.

Effie's aim was Immaculate.

In the last few moments before plummeting to the ground, Jet snarled coldly and turned her scythe into a khopesh.

By now, her Legacy Relic had reaped countless souls. The strongest of them had belonged to a Great Monster, and so, it was equal to a Supreme weapon of the Second Tier.

Of those countless souls, five were currently bound by the Relic, one for each of the five forms it could turn into. Jet could consume them to replenish her essence if her own reserves ran dry. Apart from that, each of the bound souls granted a mystical effect to the corresponding weapon, akin to an enchantment.

The soul dwelling in the black khopesh had belonged to a Corrupted Terror once, and a dreadful one at that. The effect granted by its soul to the sickle sword was that anyone cut by it would fall into a debilitating lethargy, losing the motivation to fight, move… and eventually even breathe.

Of course, powerful enemies could resist the insidious lethargy, somewhat, but would still be weakened a little with each strike.

As such, the khopesh was the most suitable of the mist blade's forms when dealing with an overwhelmingly powerful enemy.

And that was what Jet was dealing with now.

A Great Devil…

At that moment, a soft voice resounded in her ears:

[He is the Great Devil, Heart of Kanakht.]

[The remnant of a cursed king.]

[His power is to command the souls of the dead. He also wields the power of curses, and is a wraith himself. His body is made of sand and is all but immune to physical damage.]

[Worst of all… his soul can't be destroyed until all the souls he commands are scattered. And they are legion. I am… sorry, Jet. It's a bad match.]

Jet grinned.

[…Thank you.]

«How fitting.»

The Great Devil she was about to face was also of the undead tribe. A fellow wraith.

His powers did not exactly counter her own, but rather rendered them futile. It was, indeed, a bad match.

Or maybe the best, considering that few people except her had even a tiny chance of destroying him.

In any case, her determination to slay the abominations only grew stronger.

Because as much as the Heart of Kanakht was a bad match for her Aspect, he was a perfect match for her Legacy Relic. Absorbing his soul would not only elevate its overall power by two Tiers, but also grant one of the mist blade's forms a powerful effect that had a good chance of having synergy with her Aspect.

Now, then…

All that remained was to actually kill this Great Devil.

Or at least survive long enough for Effie and Kai to arrive.

Jet slowed down her descent and glided gracefully to the shattered ground. Her ghostly khopesh pointed forward…

There, in front of her, a towering figure was slowly walking through the burning ruins, surrounded by a haze of screaming souls.

**********


                                Chapter 1724 Nightsinger.
--------------------
«Press forward!»

«They are flanking us!»

«Second company, fall back!*

«We need an Ascended here!»

Across the wide stretch of burning ruins, the Western Quadrant army was fighting against the disorganized horde of Nightmare Creatures. The tide of abominations continuously crashed into the phalanx of the Awakened warriors, quenching the flames that burned all around them with their fetid blood.

The mundane soldiers followed behind, supporting the Awakened and sweating inside their powered armor suits. The heavy artillery had remained in the riverbed, waiting for precise targeting data they didn't dare to fire after the initial salvos, afraid to implicate the civilians who might have still been alive somewhere out there, among the smoke-filled streets.

However, the MWPs still pushed forward. The influence of the Nightmare Gates was messing with their electronics, but after the rich experience of dealing with it in Antarctica, the scientists of humanity had made leaps in shielding technology. So, the lumbering war machines could fully exert their overwhelming firepower, for now.

It was a heroic sight… but usually, even such a large expedition force would have been Ill-prepared to face the vast horde of Nightmare Creatures, especially in the hellish conditions of urban warfare.

Nevertheless, today, the soldiers of the Western Quadrant were vallantly pushing into the depths of the city and eradicating the Nightmare Creatures at a startling pace.

There were two reasons for that.

One reason was the shining silhouette of Saint Athena, who towered above the burning city in the distance.

The sight of her not only lifted the spirits of the soldiers, but also imbued their bodies with ferocious power. Awakened were affected more, but even the mundane fighters showcased inhuman strength, speed, and endurance. What would not have been possible on any other day was possible today.

The other reason…

«FALL!»

A deep, thunderous, chilling voice rolled across the burning ruins, crashing into the horde of abominations like a tidal wave, Countless Nightmare Creatures staggered and toppled to the ground, others pressed forward despite its domineering power — however, their movements were drowsy and weak, as if they were struggling against an overwhelming compulsion.

That was the moment when the soldiers of the Western Quadrant army advanced, cutting into the mass of dazed Nightmare Creatures like a sharp knife.

The human warriors were strengthened by the War Beast, while their enemy was weakened by the Nightsinger.

Together, the powers of the two Saints reigned on the battlefield.

Kai folded his wings and plummeted down. His great maw opened, and an eerie, melodious, otherworldly sound escaped from it, akin to a haunting song.

That song made all the other sounds of the ruined city — the roaring of flames, the groans of crumbling buildings, the clangor of steel, the howls of monstrous creatures, the thunderous drums of the cannonade — dissolve into background noise.

A moment later, the song crashed into a swarm of Nightmare Creatures led by a hulking behemoth, causing their bodies to explode into gruesome fountains of crimson liquid. It was as if they were torn apart by an invisible blast.

A Transcendent sonic attack was an insidious thing.

Rushing along the stretched battle line with tremendous speed, Kai flew through the expanding cloud of crimson haze and wasted a split second to observe the ruins.

His vision spread far and wide, piercing through soil, concrete, and alloy. There was nowhere it couldn't reach, and instantly, the whole city was perceived by him.

What he saw… was gruesome and sickening.

Countless human corpses. Countless people dying as he watched. Frightened civilians hiding in their homes or underground shelters, fear and sorrow written on their faces. Ashes, flames, and loss on a scale that the human mind could not comprehend.

And, of course, the Nightmare Creatures.

The Wolf Army was pushing abominations back in the heart of the city. Effie was moving to intercept the approaching Titans. Jet had just reached the sinister figure of the Great Devil.

And, closest of all, the Corrupted Tyrant barreling in the direction of the Western Quadrant soldiers.

«I need to kill it quick.»

The Wolves were holding up well, but that was temporary. If the reinforcements did not arrive on time, the casualties would start to mount. Worse still, Effie would have to fight against two Titans alone, and Jet would have to face the Great Devil alone.

The more time he wasted, the more people would die.

Just at that moment, like a lifeline, Cassie's calming voice resounded in his mind, whispering the secrets of his enemy.

Kai spread his wings and rushed forward.

As he flew above the carnage, his song shattered the most threatening of the abominations advancing on the Awakened phalanx, while his words made the rest stagger and lose strength.

«DESPAIR!»

«FEAR!»

«KNEEL!»

His essence was evaporating like morning dew.

There were countless winged Nightmare Creatures clamoring to rip into his flesh, as well. He tore them apart with his talons, shredded their flesh with his fangs, and broke their bones with his tail.

Leaving the Western Quadrant army behind, Kai remained alone above a sea of abominations. A hail of attacks enveloped him, coming both from the ground and from the air. He shrugged them off, evaded some of the abominations, and killed others.

And all that time…

He could see scattered survivors looking at the sky all across the city.

Some of them were numb and terrified, thinking that the midnight dragon was another dreadful abomination, Some seemed to recognize him, looking up with desperate hope.

The expressions of the latter hurt him more. Because he knew that, for many of them… maybe most of them… there would be no salvation.

Because in this world, weakness was a sin, and they were sinners. Kai was no stranger to that sin, either.

True, the days when he considered himself weak and unworthy to be in the company of his friends were long gone. After years of leading soldiers and surviving the most terrible hells, Kai wasn't shameless enough to proclaim that he lacked strength. No, he was strong…

But his strength was still lacking.

If he was stronger, more people would survive, and his friends would return from the battle with fewer scars.

Sadly, he was already close to the pinnacle of what a human could achieve. It was so strange… who could have thought that someone like him, a gentle and shy kid overly interested in music and fashion, would end up this way?

Still… there were ways to gain greater strength.

Opening his maw, Kai spoke:

«Be stronger!»

This time, he was speaking to himself.

«Be faster!»

His mighty, winged body was suddenly overcome by a surge of energy.

«Be sharper!»

A moment later, he sent a destructive sonic wave spreading outward in a wide cone.

Countless Nightmare Creatures were swept away by the invisible power of his song. A vast cloud of dust and debris instantly flew into the sky, which was suddenly void of suffocating smoke.

In the middle of the devastated cone, the Corrupted Tyrant staggered as the sound blast crashed into it. The dreadful abomination was not killed, of course, or even seriously wounded.

But that was not what Kai had wanted.

All he had wanted was to distract the enemy for a moment.

Knowing that his commands would not have a strong and immediate effect on an enemy of that Class and Rank, he simply rushed to the ground and opened his maw.

In the next second, his sharp fangs bit into the Tyrant's neck.

**********


                                Chapter 1725 Silent Clash.
--------------------
A wide street was shrouded in darkness, framed by the burning buildings and billowing smoke. The ground was littered with rubble and broken vehicles. Here and there, human bodies lay in the pools of blood, covered with dust.

A woman with raven-black hair and icy blue eyes was standing in the middle of the ruined road, holding a black sickle sword.

In front of her, a towering figure was moving slowly across the rubble, each of its steps exerting an invisible pressure on the world. The creature was surrounded by a haze of swirling sand, with only a vague silhouette of a gaunt human visible behind its veil.

A thousand screaming souls shrouded the ancient devil like a mantle.

Jet looked at him coldly.

«I hear that you are called the Heart of Kanakht… nice to meet you. I am called Soul Reaper Jet.»

A dark smile appeared on her pale face.

«This is my city. So, prepare to die.»

The Great Devil halted, looking down at her through the veil of sand. The whirlwind of souls surrounding it parted, revealing two gaping pools of darkness, Ghostly flames ignited in their depths, piercing her with a gaze of indescribable malice.

And hunger.

Then, a rustle of a myriad of whispers rose like a tide, enveloping her in a cold embrace.

Jet did not know the words of the ancient language the fiend spoke, but understood them regardless with the help of the Spell:

«…Broken… thing… bow, submit, surrender. Succumb…»

She felt a powerful compulsion press her into the ground, as if a thousand invisible hands were pulling her soul down.

However…

The weight of her shattered soul was too great for them to move it even by a millimeter.

Jet's smile widened.

She raised her sword and took a step forward.

«…In your dreams.»

A split second later, her ghostly figure dashed toward the Devil.

Jet possessed an unusual soul. Her core was like a vast sphere of shattered crystal, countless shards pressed messily together to form a jagged sun. Her radiant essence constantly leaked through the gaps between the shards… but, in return, the more living beings she killed, the more her broken soul core grew.

And Jet had slaughtered countless beings over the years, since that was the only way for her to survive.

By now, her core was massive like a giant star, burning furiously in the cold darkness of her desolate soul. Not only that, but her dead flesh could absorb much more essence than that of someone who was truly alive, which granted her tremendous physical strength.

Strangely enough, that physical might also translated to the dire power of her wraith form.

Moving like a ghost, Jet appeared in front of the Great Devil and lashed out with her sword. All of it happened in an instant, too fast to be discerned by mundane eyes.

Of course, the eyes of the Great Devil were not at all mundane. The figure hidden in the sand shifted, raising a hand to swat away her strike. At the same time, the sand rose like a giant palm, repeating its movements.

However, the mist blade was not swept away.

Instead, it passed through the sand and cut deeply into the ancient fiend's soul.

A moment later, a building to their left exploded into a cloud of dust, obliterated by the giant hand of sand.

And one of the myriads of souls subjugated by the Heart of Kanakht dissolved into nothingness, receiving the cut on his behalf. The abomination sustained no damage at all. It was only affected a little by the lethargic power of the black khopesh, shrugging it off a split second later.

A thousand spears of sand shot from his towering figure, moving too fast to be dodged at such a close distance.

They passed through Jet's ghostly figure without doing any damage, as well. She jumped back, knowing that this advantage of hers would not last for too long.

And indeed, the silhouette hiding inside the sand tilted its head slightly. Then, the sand settled back onto it, forming the shape of a gaunt giant.

Instead, the haze of screaming souls flowed forward like a raging river, threatening to tear her own apart.

«Soul attack.»

Jet gritted her teeth.

This… was going to be unpleasant.

She pushed off the ground, weaving between the falling pieces of the toppled building to evade the torrent of souls. In her perception, the jagged pieces of torn alloy and shattered concrete were floating down slowly, nearly static. The Great Devil's attack, however, was almost too fast to react.

In the next several seconds, the burning street turned into a furious battlefield. Two wraiths- one made of mist, the other of sand — clashed in eerie silence, no sound produced by their ghostly steps.

Only the sand rustled as it brushed against the rubble.

Despite the devastating power unleashed by them, not even a single particle of dust was disturbed by their battle. The pillars of smoke were not torn apart by the hurricane wind, the scorching flames were not extinguished. The ground did not quake, and the sky did not shatter.

That was because Jet was intangible, and so were her attacks. The harrowing storm of phantoms pursuing her was similarly aimed at her soul.

If their battle had been happening on the material plane, though…

The entire district might have already been flattened, turning into a smoldering ruin… like many other districts of the city already had.

«Damn it…»

Jet reeled back, pierced by excruciating pain. She had delivered a rain of blows to the ancient fiend… but what was the point? Her insidious power, which had served her splendidly across countless battlefields, was almost entirely useless against the vile power of the Heart of Kanakht.

Instead of cutting his soul, she was simply destroying the phantoms he had consumed. And they were indeed legion… there must have been millions of people living in the outskirts, where the Great Devil had been wandering before her arrival, and very few had escaped his bloodlust.

Even if less than one percent of the victims had Joined the whirlpool of souls, Jet would have to land thousands of strikes to destroy them all.

Each of the attacks she failed to evade, however, dealt direct damage to her own soul. It was vast and tenacious, true, but in this war of attrition, Jet was still doomed to lose.

«Why did this bastard have to wield power over souls?»

Jet dodged a rustling torrent of haze and slashed at it with her sword, obliterating another unfortunate specter.

Sadly, these specters were not actual beings, but instead parts of the Great Devil — therefore, destroying them did not replenish her essence.

Essence exhaustion was one of Jet's fears… perhaps even her only true fear. For all other Awakened, losing all of their essence simply meant enduring a period of powerlessness and not feeling well. But to her, it meant death — true death, the final and irreversible obliteration of her being.

What was worse, Jet wasn't sure that she would be able to control herself when facing this slow and excruciating dissolution. The few times she had come close to exhausting all her essence… well, she didn't really want to remember them. She had done a few shameful things.

Unsurprisingly, pushing her the limits to battle a Great Devil consumed an ocean of soul essence.

Jet wasn't panicked yet, because her reserves were many times deeper than those of most other Saints. More than that, five powerful souls were bound to her mist blade — if push came to shove, she would consume them one after another, postponing the Inevitable.

Still, even if she miraculously won today, the sea of soul essence she had accumulated would be all but spent. Jet would have to collect it again, drop by drop.

«Such a chore…»

Killing had become a chore a long time ago, for her. Sometimes, she dreamt of being free of her Flaw and living a peaceful life somewhere where there was no need to ever spill the blood of living beings.

Not that there was such a place anywhere in the two worlds, for someone like her.

Those dreams were rare and silly, though. Most of the time, Jet was quite content with her life.

…Not at the moment, though.

She evaded another attack nimbly and delivered a ruthless strike to the abomination, then jumped back, phasing through a melting wall. The sand followed.

Despite the harrowing might and vile powers of the Great Devil…

She was still holding her own.

She was still fighting, full of resolve to see the fiend die.

Why wouldn't she kill him? She had killed countless bastards who thought that they were stronger than her, and were stronger than her, already.

Strength didn't decide who lived and who died.

Jet did.

«Come, come... Follow me more… hurt me more… waste time on me more…»

If there was one blessing about this excruciating fight, it was that the curse of lethargy affecting the Heart of Kanakht was slowly accumulating. Its effects were not significant yet, and yet Jet could feel that the devil was struggling a little to maintain his unceasing assault.

Ignoring the pain, Jet felt a dark grin twist her lips.

She retreated, one step at a time.

Perhaps she was not powerful enough, yet, to slay the Heart of Kanakht…

But luckily, she wasn't alone.

Just like the devil had a legion of souls to protect him, she had an army, too.

She had Effie and Kai.

So, she just had to preoccupy the bastard until they arrived.

Surrounded by smoke and flame, suffering the assault of a Great Devil, Jet smiled viciously and laughed.

**********


                                Chapter 1726 Strategic Solution.
--------------------
The Wolves were pushing the abominations back. A team of specialists already gained access to the reserve control station of the city's automated defense systems, working on bringing them those that had not been destroyed, at least — online. Makeshift barricades were being constructed, and there was even a trickle of civilians being guided to the shelter, already.

Effie had assisted her soldiers as best she could.

She had personally eliminated the most threatening abominations in the vicinity of the Wolf Army and made sure that her soldiers were not overwhelmed by the tide of abominations. But now, to make sure that they were not annihilated, she had to sortie into the city and face the enemy on her own.

Fighting a titan was not a problem. Effie was plenty titanic herself… however, this time, there were two walking calamities approaching her soldiers.

One was a towering giant, not much smaller than she was, his body carved from obsidian stone. The giant had six hands, each holding an archaic weapon. His head had four bestial faces, one on each side, waterfalls of blood spilling from four terrible maws.

The bastard had swallowed countless humans, and was hungering for more.

The other titan was grotesque and disgusting. It was vaguely insect-like in appearance, with a bulging, fleshy hump rising dozens of meters into the sky from its back. The chitinous body was almost invisible under that mountain of flesh, and there was a noxious miasma drifting around the revolting creature like a vile haze.

What troubled Effie the most was that there were two of the gargantuan abominations. Even worse, they were approaching the Wolf Army from different directions.

If she rushed to face one, the other would trample her soldiers, leaving none alive.

«Those fu… those wretched things!»

Usually, she would not have been miserly on the swear words, but ever since becoming a mother, Effie had been trying to clean up her speech.

With varying degrees of success.

Letting out a chilling growl, she threw a burning gaze at the obsidian giant, then turned away decisively and pushed her colossal body into an earth-shattering run.

The crawling horror was closer, and so, she had decided to deal with it first.

She had decided to do something else, as well… it was a bold new strategic solution that would not lose to the glorious genius of her patented slingshot maneuver. Of course, Effie would have to try her damnedest to make sure the thing actually worked…

Leaping over a sprawling park with one tremendous jump, she caused the ponds located on its premises to spill out of their shores with her thunderous landing, and barreled toward the titan.

The creature was enormous, but the top of its bulging hump barely reached her abdomen. Its flesh also seemed strangely porous… of course, Effie already knew why.

As she was closing in on the monstrosity, it crawled forward and straightened its segmented legs.

At the same time, a strange ripple spread over the gargantuan hump of its back. Effie scowled and held her breath — which wasn't easy because of her Flaw.

Nevertheless, it was necessary.

In the next moment, countless holes opened in the mountain of flesh, expelling long plumes of the noxious miasma. It shrouded the titan like a cloud, spreading outward to cover a vast stretch of the city.

Effie's face darkened.

There had still been survivors in that district.

…Not anymore.

«Curse you!»

But that was not all.

Following the miasma, numerous black rods were expelled from the holes in the creature's fleshy body. As they shot into the sky, the rods spread translucent wings, and unfolded segmented legs, turning into a vast swarm of monstrous dragonflies.

They seem like tiny vermin to Effie, but of course, each creature was at least a meter long, easily capable of ripping an adult man to shreds.

The undulating wall of the dragonfly swarm swirled around the crawling titan, whose hump had deflated somewhat.

«Ah, damnation…»

Effie allowed her Supreme armor to envelop her face, turning into a beautiful mask of polished steel that perfectly copied the contours of her face. A tall white plume fluttered in the wind like a river of silk threads.

«Here we go!»

She extended both her hands to the sides, lingered for a moment, and then forcefully brought them together, making her palms collide.

A thunderous clap resounded above the city, shaking the heavens.

Her clap was so forceful that it produced an actual shockwave, causing several buildings inside the cloud of miasma to explode with dust and crumble. The cloud itself was torn apart and pushed away from the city by the hurricane wind.

Even the monstrous dragonflies were dazed, a breach appearing in the defensive wall of abominations surrounding the titan.

Leaning down, Effie plunged into that breach and enveloped the Crawling Horror's gargantuan body with her arms.

Its fleshy hump pressed tightly against her torso, smearing disgusting fluid all across the polished breastplate. Struggling against the desire to retch, she dug her fingers into the abomination's soft belly.

Effie could feel the fetid liquid trying to corrode her armor. She could also feel the creature's sharp claws scratching against her shins and leaving deep grooves in the polished metal.

It didn't matter. She could withstand the attacks of the titan for a few seconds, especially before it regained its bearings and got serious about breaching her armor.

«If there are two hostile forces attacking from different directions… the strategic move would be…»

Gritting her teeth, Effie strained every muscle in her colossal body. She rarely had a chance to push against the limits of her strength, but today was one of those days.

No, actually, she had never done something that crazy before — at least not after becoming a Saint.

Killing the titan would take too long and compromise her soldiers. She felt confident that she could kill the Crawling Horror, but not that she would slay it fast enough to prevent the Obsidian Giant from reaching the position of the Wolf Army.

So…

«Aargh!»

A muffled growl escaped from beneath her polished mask.

It felt as though her muscles would burst, and her spine would snap.

But instead, her feet plunged into the ground. At the same time, the titan's segmented legs… rose above it.

Growling, Effie pulled upward… And lifted the gargantuan body of the Crawling Horror into the air.

«S-so heavy…»

She didn't stop at that, though.

As her growl turned into a roar, she exhaled, and tossed the titanic being into the air.

«…The strategic move would be to move the hostile forces to the same location!»

Effie had not just tossed the revolting abomination away.

She had thrown it directly at the second titan, whose lumbering figure was towering above the ruins in the distance.

Looking at the Crawling Horror fly, Its comically tiny body finally revealed from under the glant Fleshy hump, Its segmented legs moving in what seemed like panie… she couldn't help but frown.

«How come all my strategie solutions always end up as me tossing someone at someone else, though?»

The sight of the massive titan flying across the sky was so stunning that even the Nightmare Creatures on the ground stopped in confusion.

The human soldiers, who had developed a habit of glancing at Effie's towering figure frequently, did not miss the bizarre and baffling sight, either.

Perhaps both the abominations and the humans had a similar thought…

«I am seeing things, right?»

They weren't.

The only creature who wasn't confused was the Obsidian Giant. Because the Crawling Horror was flying directly at him.

Even though the four-faced titan was as tall as Effie, he would still be buried under the mountain of flesh if she managed to hit her target.

And she had immaculate aim.

The giant moved, bringing one of his six weapons up.

Then, it ruthlessly fell down. The stone mace struck the Crawling Horror in the air, damaging its body and slamming it into the ground. A lake of fetid blood flowed out of the wounds of the revolting abominations, drowning several streets.

The Obsidian Giant had avoided being struck by the titanic projectile.

…However, no sooner than the Crawling Horror hit the ground, the visage of a beautiful steel colossus was revealed from behind its enormous body, barreling toward the two titans at terrifying speed.

Her exquisite mask was emotionless and eerily calm.

Behind it, though, Effie's lips were twisted into a bestial snarl, and her eyes burned with murderous fury.

«Die!!!»

**********


                                Chapter 1727 A Brawl of Titanic Proportions.
--------------------
The Crawling Horror was not as tall as Effie and the Obsidian Giant, but it was still a titanic creature. Therefore, its vast body had obscured the giant's view for a few moments before being struck down.

Effie used these moments to shorten the distance between her and the enemy, unseen.

By the time the enormous abomination smashed into the ground, the Obsidian Giant barely had any time to react. All he could see was a steel colossus rushing at him with great speed, her body the picture of physical excellence and perfect athletic form. The white plume of her helmet fluttered behind her like a foaming stream.

The earth quaked with each of her graceful, but thunderous strides.

Effie did not waste any time to attack.

She was unarmed, but that did not mean that she was powerless.

Leaping over the scrambling Crawling Horror, she planted her feet into the ground and grabbed the hand of the Obsidian Giant that had swatted the abomination down.

Then, leaning back, she balanced on one foot and raised her other leg, bending it at the knee, A split second later, her foot shot forward like a demolishing siege ram and delivered a devastating side-kick to the chest of the six-armed titan.

A deafening thunderclap rolled over the burning city, and an invisible shockwave tore apart the billowing smoke. The power of Effie's kick was so harrowing that a net of cracks appeared on the black obsidian of the titan's chest. The giant himself staggered back, his movements seeming slow because of his tremendous size.

The Obsidian Giant would have been sent flying back and toppled to the ground, flattening dozens of buildings, if not for the fact that Effie was still gripping his hand.

At the same time as the dreadful mass of the titan's colossal body pushed him back, she growled and twisted his arm, pulling it in the opposite direction. Effie used the rebound from her kicks to her advantage, adding it to her strength and channeling terrifying strain into the obsidian.

There was a sound of cracking stone, and an ominous groan of something that should have been indestructible being torn.

In the next moment, the elbow joint of the Obsidian Giant exploded into a rain of jagged shards. They rained down like meteors, causing clouds of dust to rise into the air. Effie wrenched the titan's arm, tearing it from the socket entirely, and then ripping it off.

Finally free of her grasp, the six-armed abomination was tossed back…

Of course, by then, he was a five-armed abomination already.

Most Importantly…

Crushing the fingers of the torn hand, Effie grasped one of the Obsidian Giant's weapons. A colossal black mace fell snugly into her grip, and a ferocious smile twisted her lips behind the mask.

Now… she wasn't unarmed anymore.

«Two titans?»

Her voice boomed above the ruins, making the sky tremble.

Effie took a step forward.

«One is made of stone, the other is disgusting. Neither is edible. What's the point of your misbegotten existence?»

With that, she lunged into the forest of obsidian weapons.

The giant had already recovered from her strike and launched a barrage of attacks, his five remaining arms moving like the spokes of a gargantuan wheel.

By then, the Crawling Horror had already come to its senses. Despite the fact that the abomination had been wounded and removed from its potent defenses — the cloud of miasma and the swarm of monstrous butterflies — it was still a dreadful creature. Its enormous body deflated, and then, a tide of enormous tentacles shot from beneath it, aiming to wrap around Effie's legs.

«Aaah! Ew!»

Caught by surprise, Effie swayed. She managed to block three of the giant's weapons with the black mace, but two more struck her on the shoulder, sending a powerful shock through her body and producing a river of sparks as they scraped against the polished steel of her armor.

«Crap…»

The powerful tentacles of the Crawling Horror were restricting her movements, enveloping both of her legs and one arm. At the same time, the Obsidian Giant was raining blows on her from above. lіghtnоvelcаve~c/о/m. She managed to protect her head, but her torso was being battered, the breastplate on the verge of bending inward.

The Supreme armor still held, but it had a limit, too.

Effie was a Rank above the two vile creatures, but six Classes below them. At the end of the day, though, what mattered the most… was that she simply did not have enough limbs to contend with them both!

«You… bastards!»

Growling, she tried to rip the tentacles apart with pure strength, but the spongy flesh was too slippery and elastic, She tried to break off another arm of the Obsidian Giant with a powerful strike of her mace, but to no avail three of his weapons blocked her strike, while two more crashed into her helmet. All she achieved was becoming dazed.

The situation seemed dire.

«What… to do?»

Effie growled furiously and then dismissed her helmet, as if inviting the dreadful giant to smash her skull.

And indeed, an obsidian sword instantly fell from above, aiming to slice it open.

She looked up, placing her face in the path of the gargantuan blade…

And caught it with her teeth.

A dark joy ignited in Effie's eyes, and the corners of her mouth curled upward in a vicious grin.

Then, she tightened her jaw, shattering the obsidian blade.

The dreadful giant was left holding only a hilt. He moved, planning to bring his four remaining weapons down upon her, but at that moment, Effie looked at him, her teeth still bared in a grin.

A split second later, her lips moved, and she spat a jagged shard of the gargantuan sword at his face. The fragment of the obsidian blade was shot through the air with the speed of a supersonic missile and plunged into the giant's eye, utterly destroying it.

Even though the titan had seven more left, he still flinched back.

That gave Effie all the time she needed, Stopping her struggle against the Crawling Horrer, who had been trying to pull her down to the ground, she suddenly kneeled and bit into the largest tentacle, tearing it apart with her teeth.

The revolting abomination let out a terrifying screech and reeled away, a river of fetid blood spilling from the severed tentacle.

Effie spat the revolting flesh out, drowning a sea of flames below in a torrent of blood, and grimaced.

«Argh, it tastes like sh… tastes like crap!»

Using the momentary weakness of the vile titan, she used her trapped arm to grab another tentacle, pulled it to her mouth, and bit it apart, as well.

Both of her arms were free.

The Obsidian Giant was already towering above, his four remaining weapons raised to crush her head.

Effie lunged forward from her kneeling position. Her shoulder collided with the titan's abdomen, and her arms whipped around to embrace him.

Then, a bestial growl escaped from between her bloodied lips.

The armor on her back split under four devastating blows, but her Awakened Ability stopped the obsidian weapons from doing serious harm.

She mustered all of her strength, and lifted the Obsidian Giant into the air. Not too high, but just enough to rob him of any leverage.

«And away… we… go!»

Twisting her spine, Effie bent backwards and threw the titan over herself, performing a messy suplex.

Of course, she didn't slam the Obsidian Giant into the ground.

…She slammed him into the Crawling Horror.

The world shuddered, deep fissures opening in the cracked earth.

And by the time the two battered titans recovered…

A graceful winged shadow fell on them from above, followed by an eerie song that washed over their bodies like a crushing wave.

**********


                                Chapter 1728 Cost of Time.
--------------------
«The Heart of Kanakht… the Heart of Kanakht…»

Suffering unbearable pain, Jet continued to fight the Great Devil calmly. Her mind was cold and focused, methodically calculating every move and motion of the enemy. She was unable to destroy him, but the abomination could not bring her down, either — as the two of them fought, the harrowing fury of their battle boiling in eerie silence, time continued to flow.

She was drawing the clash as much as she could, callously luring the ancient fiend to his eventual end.

Once Effie and Kai arrived…

«How do we kill him then?»

Kai would be able to weaken the Great Devil with the power of his voice. Effie would be able to deal some damage to the abominable creature with the help of the Starlight Shard… but not enough damage, considering that it was merely an Ascended Memory of the Fifth Tier.

The white cloth could shine beautifully in the darkness, as well as imbue her weapons with a rare type of elemental damage — one that wasn't that useful, apart from being able to cut intangible things.

It was a bit ironic that the only way to fight the terrible wraith had been given to her for slaying the Lord of the Dead… if Jet remembered correctly, that was the name of the Fallen Tyrant Effie had killed on the Forgotten Shore.

Something moved in her mind.

«Still, none of it is enough to kill the Heart of Kanakht.»

The most useful thing Effie would be able to do in this battle was augmenting Jet with her Ascended Ability. However, Jet… was powerless against the Great Devil. Unless she could deliver him ten thousand cuts, the fiend would not go down.

However…

As Jet moved between the raging storm of screaming souls, slashing the whirling hurricane of sand with a blade made of mist, she felt a seed of an idea… or a revelation, maybe… bloom in her mind.

«What was I thinking about?»

The Heart of Kanakht…

The name was quite peculiar.

Jet did not know what Kanakht was, but she had a strange suspicion. That suspicion came from the name of another abomination, a Corrupted Monster Effie had killed soon after entering the city, and something she had read in a history book.

…It was a strange thing, really, Jet had never been that interested in history, only learning enough to understand the modern world, However, at some point, and for a reason that she remembered only vaguely, she developed a liking for it.

Perhaps it was because of meeting someone who was very enthusiastic about ancient cultures, and being secretly displeased at not having enough knowledge to sustain a conversation. She couldn't remember who it had been exactly, though…

Maybe one of the Army Command officers back in Antarctica? Or someone at the Academy, which she often visited to enjoy the food in the instructors' cafeteria?

In any case, Jet had read about a strange custom that ancient humans had here, in the Western Quadrant, once upon a time. They prepared their dead for burial in quite a peculiar way, removing all the organs from the bodies before placing them in opulent tombs. lіghtnоvelworld_c\о/m. There was even a legend about a god whose body had been cut apart, and then assembled back together, bringing him back to life.

The Heart of Kanakht, the Maw of Kanakht.

She wondered if there were also the Hand of Kahakht, the Lungs of Kanakht, the Horns of Kanakht…

Cassie had said that the Great Devil was the remnant of a cursed king.

Maybe that king had been cut into parts, just like that ancient god. And maybe those parts were kept apart, to prevent him from coming back to life like the ancient god had.

Why was Jet suddenly thinking about that?

She wasn't quite sure, yet.

The hateful giant of sand was pursuing her relentlessly. The whirlwind of souls surrounding him was just as plentiful as it had been before, as if she had not depleted it even a little. The Great Devil had slowed down, somewhat, because of the accumulated weight of unnatural lethargy, but that was all.

The Corrupted Terror whose soul was bound to the black khopesh had infected an entire city in the Eastern Quadrant with lethal sloth. The loss of life was tragic, and if Jet had not hunted the creature down in time, it would have become calamitous. But all it could do to the Heart of Kanakht was reduce his speed a bit.

«Tough bastard.»

Jet retreated, phasing through a blackened wall. The sand followed her, spilling through the cracks and broken windows before coalescing back into the shape of a gaunt giant. Another flurry of attacks descended upon her.

But wasn't it strange?

Due to her Transformation Ability, Jet could become an intangible wraith. Her body was like mist, but that mist was not mundane — it could not be scattered by the wind or dispelled by flames, for example, It could pass through solid objects or move underwater, That was because what looked like mist was not mist at all, but simply a manifestation of her power.

Of course, Jet could return to her corporeal form at any moment.

The Heart of Kanakht, though, was tangible and intangible at the same time. The sand comprising his body never phased through the walls like she did, simply penetrating the cracks and gaps in a quite mundane way.

Why did the ancient wraith need the shell of sand, to begin with?

She barely dodged another storm of souls, each of the myriad of them like a screaming blade, and grimaced.

Her reserves of essence were running dangerously low.

Feeling a bit regretful, Jet consumed one of the souls bound to her mist blade.

That soul… belonged to a Corrupted Tyrant she had killed in Verge, in front of the gruesome wall of flesh that marked the point where the harrowing, mindless mass of the First Seeker's sprawling body began.

The silent battle continued, and she endured more excruciating pain.

Soon, she was forced to consume another soul.

That one belonged to a Corrupted Titan that had fallen to her blade under the walls of a government Citadel in the Dream Realm. The battle against the dreadful creature had cost a lot of lives, but the Citadel withstood the calamity, in the end.

Jet continued to retreat, buying time.

Some time later, she absorbed the third soul.

It belonged to a Great Beast she had slain in South America. Jet had had to cash in a favor that Saint Naeve of the House of Night owed her to make it across the ocean in time with his help.

She was starting to falter…

The fourth soul dissolved into a torrent of essence that watered her desolate soul.

The fourth soul had belonged to one of the Saints who had completed his Third Nightmare in the wake of Antarctica. The public did not know about him, because the man had gone mad soon after Transcending. The scars dealt to his psyche by the Chain of Nightmares were too deep, and his life ended in tragedy. lіghtnоvelworld~c/о/m. Of course, a much greater tragedy had been prevented by stopping him in time.

Jet let out a stifled hiss and staggered back, clutching at her chest. This time, the blow she had failed to evade was too vicious.

She consumed the fifth and final soul.

This one belonged to the Great Monster she had slain in Antarctica. She had gone there to find and kill that abominable thing, Winter Beast… but, to her dismay, it was already dead. In the absence of the powerful Titan, several dreadful Nightmare Creatures crossed the strait from East Antarctica to claim its land. Jet had recklessly fought one of them to satiate her smoldering anger.

«…Not good.»

There were no more souls to consume.

Well, there was one…

Her own.

Smiling, Jet regained her balance and raised her sword.

Her cold gaze fell on the approaching devil.

«Hey, Heart of Kanakht…»

Her voice was calm and full of dark amusement.

«I know your secret. Also… you took too long. It's too late now, bastard.»

A great dragon landed on the burning building to her left, and a giant foot encased in polished steel landed on the rubble to her right.

There would be no need to consume her own soul today.

…Her reinforcements had arrived.

**********


                                Chapter 1729 Three Saints and a Devil.
--------------------
The three Saints faced the Great Devil, standing like a wall between him and the distant troops. For a moment, none of them moved the abomination was studying the new enemies with its hollow eyes, while Jet and her comrades were observing his gaunt form wearily.

«How is the situation?»

Her voice sounded a little stifled because of the pain.

Kai answered after a short pause:

«The Western Quadrant army should be reaching the Wolves, by now.»

Jet nodded slowly.

«Good. Then… Effie, get down. You're too big of a target.»

In the next moment, the ruins were torn apart by an explosion of harrowing violence.

The Great Devil did not wait anymore. It took a step forward, and at the same time, a hurricane of sand and screaming souls rose, making countless buildings shatter and dissolve into dust. That dust was caught by the wind, joining the obliterating whirlwind.

The words of the ancient language resounded once again in the howling of the wind, rustling like a myriad of whispers:

«…All… succumb… satiate… serve…»

Jet did not listen, throwing herself into the tide of souls.

Now that Kai and Effie had joined the fight, the ancient fiend was not using only soul attacks. Instead, a flood of sand flowed from his gaunt figure, turning into a vague figure of a regal man around it. His giant hands shot toward both of them, and his mouth opened, as if trying to utter a curse.

The battle was silent no more. Instead, a deafening cacophony of sounds rang across the burning ruins, assaulting their ears like a tide.

Before the Great Devil could utter a curse, though…

A giant mace of black obsidian crashed into the mass of sand forming his head. The abomination was not harmed, but the head of the enormous sand projection was momentarily dissipated, taking some time to reform.

Instead of his voice, the voice of the great dragon resounded above the battlefield:

«Slower!»

Kai's compulsion was not strong enough to overwhelm the will of a Great Devil, at least not immediately, But, fusing with the debilitating effects of the unnatural lethargy, it bound the fiend with insidious chains.

Kai and Jet had gone through countless battles together, and using the soul-numbing blade of the black khopesh in conjunction with his voice was a true and tested tactic they used against powerful enemies.

The dragon pushed itself into the air, dodging one of the giant hands made of sand.

At the same time, the second hand reached toward the steel giantess. However, at that moment, her figure flashed blindingly with reflected light… and disappeared. Instead, a tall woman clad in polished armor appeared on the rubble, already summoning a spear and a shield.

Effie activated one of the enchantments of the Starlight Shard and shouted:

«Jet! This thing! How the hell do we kill it?!»

Jet was in the middle of brandishing her mist blade, which had turned into a war scythe — now that all souls bound to it had been consumed, there was no reason to stick to the form of the khopesh anymore.

«Good question.»

She obliterated another soul and shouted back:

«That abomination from the Forgotten Shore, the Lord of the Dead… do you remember how you killed it?»

Effie used her shield to withstand a terrible blow, putting her shoulder behind it. Despite the harrowing strength of the Great Devil, she managed to stand her ground.

«That mountain of bones?! Sure! What about it?!»

Turning into a wisp of mist, Jet evaded a torrent of screaming blades and turned back into a wraith

«On my command… let's do the same!»

She had read the reports about the Forgotten Shore extensively, so she knew a lot about the strange Nightmare Creatures of that unexplored region of the Dream Realm. The Lord of the Dead, as the survivors of the Dark City called it, had been an abomination that lived in the catacombs, its body resembling a mountain of bones.

However, those bones were simply the outer shell of the Fallen Tyrant. Its true body was hidden deep within, and resembled a giant corpse worm.

During the final battle against the Lord of the Dead, the Sleepers led by Nephis had managed to damage the outer shell significantly, which allowed Effie to toss her shield through the heart of the bone mountain. lіghtnоvеlсаvе~с~о~m. The worm was destroyed, and the Tyrant died.

Jet wanted to do the same to the Heart of Kanakht.

The hint of a revelation she had felt after remembering the Lord of the Dead was about the nature of these two abominations.

The Fallen Tyrant had been an overgrown corpse worm hiding inside a mountain of bones to protect its frail flesh, The Great Devil, however, was a wraith… she knew better than anyone that wraiths had no fear of physical attacks.

Why, then, was the Heart of Kanakht using a shell of indestructible sand? Why did he have the need to protect himself from physical attacks, at all?

What was his secret?

It was thinking about the ancient legends of the Western Quadrant that had given Jet an answer — one she believed to be true.

Who knew that amusing herself with a bit of history would be so useful one day? If Jet ever managed to remember who it was exactly that influenced her to develop such a hobby, she should thank them.

«I'll deliver the strike! Both of you, get ready!»

If she was right, and they managed to pull the assault off, then the Great Devil would be killed. The other Gate Guardians must have already been dealt with, considering that Effie and Kai were here… so, killing the Heart of Kanakht meant winning the battle and living to fight another day.

If she was wrong…

Jet would think of something else. In any case, the damned fiend would die, the battle would be won by humans, and her soldiers would return home victorious.

Defeat was not an option.

Back then, in her First Nightmare… she had crawled out of a fresh grave, digging herself from beneath the wet soil with her bare hands.

Ever since then, nothing Jet did seemed that hard, in comparison.

So, killing this Great Devil could not be that hard, either.

**********


                                Chapter 1730 Heartbreaker
--------------------
The battle continued, with the three of them slowly losing ground. The Great Devil was pushing them further and further back, toward the fireline established by the Wolf Army.

Now that they were closer to the heart of the city, there were many Nightmare Creatures around. Jet would have loved to go on a rampage and cut some of them down to replenish her essence, but sadly, the ancient fiend was too powerful and overbearing. She could not allow herself even a momentary distraction if she wanted to survive.

The abominations, too, seemed to abandon their demented frenzy and scattered to avoid the rolling whirlwind of destruction that was the battle against the Heart of Kanakht.

Jet, Effie, and Kai were already battered and beaten. Both their souls and bodies had received plenty of wounds — well, in her case, not the body. Nevertheless, they were still holding up well. Pain and injuries were nothing new to them. Each possessed a rich experience of crawling out of the most harrowing of hells.

All Saints did… but these three, in particular, had experienced too many horrors to be deterred by a few scrapes, no matter how frightening the adversary was.

It was also because of their experience that they cooperated seamlessly, not only resisting the unholy powers of the Great Devil, but also slowly luring him into a trap.

The Heart of Kanakht was like a tide of devastation. He was Insidious, lethal, and seemingly immortal. No matter how many times they forced the giant limbs of moving sand to collapse, the sand simply reformed into its previous shape again. No matter how many of the souls the fiend had consumed they destroyed, his wailing legion seemed endless.

And yet…

The moment of his death was swiftly approaching. There were a few things Jet needed to achieve to make sure that her plan worked — she had to learn the limits of both the giant sand projection conjured by the Great Devil and his actual body, create an opportunity, and make use of that opportunity with flawless timing.

Finally, everything was ready. Raising her scythe, Jet yelled:

«Now!»

In the next moment, the three Saints moved like three parts of the same body.

The dragon dove down, opening his maw to release a haunting song. That song crashed into the great mass of sand and produced an earth-shattering blast, dissipating the vague form of the towering man for a moment.

Almost at the same Time, Effie tossed her shield into the breach created by the blast. The shield tore through the air like a cannonball, colliding with the gaunt figure hidden in the hurricane of sand. That figure was the actual body of the Great Devil — of course, just like the giant projection he had used to fight them, it was also made of sand.

Effie's shield could not truly destroy or even damage it. But the dreadful power contained in her throw was so vast that it shattered the torso of the fiend, turning it into a cloud of sand for a split second.

Soon, the sand would be pulled back to rebuild the body of the abomination.

But not just yet.

Jet's icy eyes glinted with dark satisfaction.

«It seems I was right…»

There, in the chest of the Great Devil, revealed when his body broke apart…

A black human heart was revealed, hovering in the air like an amalgamation of countless curses.

The Heart of Kanakht.

If Kanakht was indeed a cursed king whose body had been cut apart and scattered to prevent him from coming back to life, then wouldn't the true core of his remnant, the Great Devil, be one of those body parts?

The wraith was just a manifestation of the sinister will that still dwelled in the vile heart, and the body of sand was just a shell to protect it.

Just like the mountain of bones had protected the corpse worm.

But now…

The Heart of Kanakht was stripped of its protection.

Before the Indestructible sand had a chance to coalesce back into the form of the gaunt man, Jet lunged forward with astonishing speed.

Her scythe flashed…

And cut the black heart apart.

The strike was swift and precise, almost surgical. However, a devastating shockwave thundered from the point where the mist blade pierced the heart, spreading in a wide cone and toppling a few buildings.

Jet staggered and pulled her scythe back, suddenly feeling utterly exhausted.

«Did it do it? It'd better have… otherwise, we'll be in deep trouble…»

The whirlwind slowly came to a halt.

The invisible hurricane died down.

Rivers of sand spilled to the ground, forming tall dunes.

The wails of tortured souls grew quiet, and then disappeared entirely.

Jet looked up, at the broken figure of the Great Devil's shell.

Its contours gradually blurred, and then, it crumbled like a sand castle.

The Spell whispered into her ear:

[You have slain a Great Devil, the Heart of Kanakht.]

[…You have received a Memory.]

Jet smiled and looked at the bleeding pieces of the black heart with contempt.

After a few moments, she shook her head and looked away.

«…You should have stayed in the safety of hell, fool. Why come to this dire and dangerous world?»

The battle wasn't over, still. There were still plenty of Nightmare Creatures in the city, and it would take some time for the government forces to slaughter them all. lіghtnоvelworld/c\о~m. But with the most powerful Gate Guardians gone, the three Saints should be able to oversee the cleansing without too much problem.

Then, they would have to gather the survivors, treat the wounded, and transport all civilians away from the ruined city.

Work, work, work. There was no end to it. Jet could not remember the last time she had not been overworked… well, the Third Nightmare was a bit relaxing, in that regard.

Perhaps she would take such a vacation again, sometime in the future.

But first…

Jet absorbed the shattered soul of the Heart of Kanakht into her mist blade. At the same time, she took a deep breath, feeling a few soul fragments being pulled into her core. Making it a little bigger, and capable of containing a little more essence.

Her expression changed slightly.

«Walt, what is…»

There wasn't just one fragment, or even a few. A whole flood of them was suddenly pulled into her soul, too many to count.

Countless.

«…What the hell is this?!»

—— —— ——

A long time later… The battle was over.

The Nightmare Creatures had been eradicated, and although the seven Gates still remained, barriers were built around them, with soldiers keeping watch in case more abominations arrived.

The city… was beyond saving. It was damaged too much, and too many people had died. The survivors were slowly emerging from the shelters, while the soldiers were searching the ruins for those who had not been lucky enough to find a way to safety.

Jet had no heart to look at the lost faces of the civilians, so she retreated to the top of an artificial hill, observing everything from a distance.

She had replenished her essence greatly after participating in the final cleansing. So, she was feeling alright.

Kal and Effie were sitting nearby, staring at the ruins with exhausted expressions.

After a while, Effie suddenly said:

«That was a bit scary, wasn't it?»

Kai stared at her silently for a while, and then shook his head.

«Scary… you know what was scary? Watching a titan fly across the sky like a balloon. Now that… that gave me a fright!»

Despite her fatigue, Jet smiled.

«Damn. I missed that… what a pity.»

Effie grinned.

«What's the problem? Next time, I'll throw a titan in your direction. You'll get the front row view!»

But then, the smile disappeared from her face. She sighed, lingered for a bit, and added wistfully:

«But, anyway. Battles like this one will only become more frequent in the future, won't they?»

Jet hesitated, then nodded simply.

«I guess.»

The huntress lowered her gaze.

All three of them remained silent for a while, not knowing what to say.

Despite the fact that today's battle had ended in triumph- and a historic one at that — none of the three seemed particularly joyous.

Instead, their faces were somber, and their eyes were harsh.

Eventually, Effie broke the silence.

«Well, whatever. Now, about that Memory you received… please, tell me it's a weapon!»

Jet gave her an odd look.

«Sorry. It's not a weapon. Actually, that Memory… it's a bit strange.»

Effie cursed, then leaned back in irritation and glared at the sky.

«What is it, then?»

Instead of answering, Jet simply extended a hand and summoned the Memory. Soon, a peculiar object appeared on her palm.

She raised an eyebrow, looking at it with a vexed expression, and said slowly:

«…It's an hourglass.»

**********

