Shadow Slave - PART 181
Chapters 1801 to 1810
==============================


                                Chapter 1801 A New Home
--------------------
Sunny crossed the threshold and entered the great hall of the ancient temple.

It was just as he remembered it.

The vast hall was desolate and empty. Its roof had partially collapsed, letting in the elements. There were piles of rubble on the floor, covered with snow and ice. Cascades of moonlight were falling through the holes in the roof, suffusing the dark hall with a beautiful and otherworldly splendor... deep shadows surrounded the silver light, not daring to touch it.

Everything was silent.

Sunny took a deep breath.

He had almost expected to find the bones of the Mountain King on the floor, where it had been torn apart by shadow, but there were none. The desolate hall was empty.

Enveloping the temple with shadow sense to make sure that there was no danger, Sunny took a step forward. Ice shattered with a brittle sound under the onyx soles of his armored boots, and the ancient shadows stirred, reaching out to him in reverent glee.

Surrounded by them, as if wearing a cloak of darkness, he walked toward the altar.

It used to be a single slab of black marble, long and wide enough for a human to lay on it comfortably...

Or maybe not so comfortably, if it had been a sacrificial altar.

Was it?

It didn't matter now, anyway, because the altar was broken.

The great slab of black stone had shattered, and was laying on the floor in several pieces. That was the only thing in the temple that had changed.

Sunny studied the broken altar for a while, his face slowly growing paler.

There were too many mysteries surrounding this

place. He concentrated, trying to remember

everything he knew about the First Nightmare, the

dead gods, and the secrets of the fallen pantheon.

And then, his eyes widened.

Of all the knowledge Sunny had learned in his life, of all the pieces of information gathered in his memory, one suddenly stood out. A memory that Sunny had never considered very significant, and had no reason to.

It was the evaluation the Spell had given him after the First Nightmare. Not the important part that had to do with the appraisal, but rather the slightly poetic summary that had been there seemingly on a whim, to add some flavor,

Standing above the broken altar, Sunny whispered:

"A nameless slave ascended the Black Mountain. Both heroes and monsters fell by his hand. Unbroken, he entered the ruined temple of a long-forgotten god and spilled his blood on the sacred altar. The gods were dead, and yet they listened."

The temple of a long-forgotten god...

He inhaled deeply.

Back then, Sunny had been an ignorant kid from the outskirts. He knew very little about the world, let alone about its greatest secrets.

He had not known who the Forgotten God was, and so, he had not paid attention to these words. The Spell had never uttered them after that, and neither used nor translated the runes describing the lost deity.

‘...Of course.’

Sunny looked around the ruined temple.

Why had his sacrifice been made to all the gods?

Perhaps because this temple had been built in the time before the memories of the seventh god were struck from the world. It was consecrated to worship Dream God, as well... and therefore, when Dream God became forgotten, the temple was forgotten, as well.

Because worshiping the Forgotten God was forbidden. Just like worshiping the daemons, his children, was.

Still... Sunny was sure that there were some who had disregarded the will of the gods and put their faith in Forgotten God despite it. Otherwise, Scholar would not have heard stories of pilgrims climbing the Black Mountain in ancient times.

‘The temple of the Forgotten God…’

Sunny looked around the great hall with a complicated expression.

He was himself forgotten by the world, so it wasn't hard to feel a sense of kinship for this forlorn ruin.

He sighed and looked one last glance at the altar.

There were deep shadows nestling deep below him, so Sunny knew that the temple extended underground. He had never got the chance to explore it during the First Nightmare, so it was nice to have an opportunity now. lіght\nоvel\world~c`о/m. He was curious to see what he would find out.

Still, he would leave this place and continue toward Godgrave soon. There was no time to waste.

Before that, however...

Sunny froze.

It was because he had something familiar when looking at the broken altar.

'Wait. No way. Can it be?"

The shattered slab of black marble gave off a subtle, but very familiar feeling.

Sunny stared silently.

...It was a Gateway.

He had missed that fact at first, but now that he studied the broke altar closer, there was no doubt. It felt exactly like the one in the Sanctuary of Noctis, the chain circle in the Ivory Tower, and the runic one in the Crimson Spire.

And if the altar had been made into a Gateway... Sunny looked around once more.

Then the nameless temple was now a Citadel.

Suddenly, he wanted to laugh.

'How fitting.'

He was a Transcendent, and a homeless one at that. Most Saints, however, were usually in control of a Citadel, ruling it at the behest of their Sovereign.

There were exceptions, of course, like Saint Tyris, who had lost the Sanctuary of Noctis and had been exiled to Antarctica with her entire clan. Fortunately, White Feather was doing much better now.

Sunny himself served no Sovereign, and he wasn't even sure if he could take possession of a Citadel. Citadels were created by the Spell, after all... so, he didn't know if controlling one was something that only a carrier of the Spell could do.

It was worth trying, though.

He hesitated for a while.

Then, he hesitated some more.

'Right. But how do I actually claim a Citadel?’

If there was an instruction manual for being a Saint, Sunny had never received one.

After thinking for a while, he retracted the Onyx Mantle, bared his forearm, and commanded the Onyx Shell to reduce the resilience of his skin there. Then, he cut his forearm with his fingernail. Nothing happened.

Letting out a frustrated sigh, Sunny also commanded Blood Weave to release a few drops of blood.

Why was it so difficult to bleed a little?!

Several crimson drops fell on the broken altar and rolled down the surface of one of the black shards.

There was no reaction.

Once again, nothing happened.

Sunny scratched the back of his head. The small cut on his forearm was already healing, and before too long, it was entirely gone.

At that time, he also came up with another idea.

'It can't be that simple, can it?'

Feeling uncertain, Sunny took a deep breath... and silently released the tether connecting him to the Ivory Tower.

Then, he concentrated on his soul and started the process of placing a new one.

He had a suspicion that it was very simple to claim a Citadel, All that a carrier of the Nightmare Spell had to do was become a Transcendent and use the Gateway to return to the waking world. Then, they would become anchored to that Gateway, and therefore, take possession of the Citadel.

Unless it was already claimed, of course, in which case a more powerful Saint would take control.

However, Sunny was not a carrier of the Nightmare Spell, so he had to go through the process manually. Instead of allowing the Spell to bind him to the Gateway, he had to create that bond himself.

And so... he was placing down a tether.

**********


                                Chapter 1802 Restoration
--------------------
The concept called "tether" by Masters and Saints was a mysterious, but simple thing. It was a sort of Imprint one could leave on the world by using their essence. The spot marked by the imprint was where one's soul was anchored to the world Masters could only imprint themselves on the waking world, but Saints could imprint themselves on the Dream Realm, as well.

In addition to that, the tethers placed by Saints were much more expansive and deeply rooted in the fabric of the realm than those placed by Masters. In fact, Sunny was quite certain that they were entirely different things - it was just that both served the same purpose, so humans just used the same word for both.

The reason why Transcendent tethers were so much more robust than the Ascended ones was because of the nature of Saints. The soul of a Saint was connected to the world, and so, it interacted with the world much closer.

For example, Saints could absorb spirit essence from their surroundings.

In rare cases, they could also pour their soul essence out into the world.

There was no need to mention how vital the former was, but the latter was more or less useless. The soul essence would swiftly dissipate if it wasn't poured into a special vessel - like a Memory, for example.

However, one time when pushing one's own essence onto the world was necessary was the process of creating a tether.

If manipulated in a special way, the essence would leave an Imprint on the area where it had been unleashed before dissipating. That imprint was the tether, and since it maintained a faint connection with the Saint's soul, it was possible to pull on the connection to step between realms and return to the place where one's soul was imprinted.

Only two tethers could exist at a time, one in each world. It was necessary to break the connection with the old one before creating a new one... well, in Sunny's case, each of his incarnations could place two of their own.

Regardless, that was what Sunny was doing now he was pushing his essence into the world and controlling its flow to create an imprint. The process took some time, and was quite arduous.

However, he was not doing it blindly.

Instead of allowing his essence to cover the area freely, he tried to concentrate all of it in an isolated spot. Namely... the Gateway of the ancient temple.

Soon, his tether started to take form.

And then, something unexpected happened.

There seemed to be a strange reaction between the Gateway and the forming tether. It was as if the two had been created to exist together all along - not only the strain on Sunny lessened significantly, as if the process had taken on a life of Its own, but he also felt as if the imprint was becoming deeper, and also different in some way.

At the same time, Sunny felt something changing within his soul.

It was as if a mystical bond was being established, connecting him to the ancient temple.

He... he felt very strange.

Diving into the Soul Sea, Sunny saw that the vast expanse of still water was still no more. Instead, it was surging, boiling almost, with great waves rolling on the dark surface.

As if someone had thrown a huge boulder into the black water, sending ripples spreading across the silent expanse of his soul.

'What...'

As Sunny watched, astounded, the water at the very heart of the Soul Sea suddenly foamed.

And then, a familiar black edifice rose from beneath the waves.

IA perfect replica of the nameless temple - how it had been before its roof collapsed, and its gates were broken - slowly rose from the lightless depths of his soul, bathing in the dark radiance of his six soul cores.

Soon enough, the surging waters calmed down, and the Soul Sea grew still and silent once more. It was as if nothing had happened.

Only... there was a great temple of black stone standing on the still water now.

Sunny stared at it with wide eyes.

‘…I'll be damned.’

That was... pretty cool.

He regretted not being connected to the Spell once more. Sunny could feel a deep connection to his newly claimed Citadel, but did not know what he could do with that connection, and what it was meant for. If he was still a carrier of the Spell, there would be hopeful runes to guide him to the necessary understanding, without a doubt.

But then again, the Spell did not even explain the enchantments of the Memories it created to most Awakened. Who knew how helpful it would have been in case of a Citadel?

Sunny knew that he would have to explore and investigate this matter personally.

Until then, however...

'What do I even do now?’

He had not been planning to come in possession of an unknown Citadel. Ruling one was not in his plans - right now, he was in the middle of traveling to Godgrave.

After hesitating for a while, Sunny sighed.

"Well, whatever. I can spend a few days here. Having a secret lair to return to wouldn't hurt, anyway.”

His original body was anchored in the Nameless Temple now. So, he had no choice but to consider it in his future plans.

There was one silver lining to the unexpected situation, though.

At least, Sunny wasn't homeless anymore.

***

Several days later, Sunny was sitting on the steps of the Nameless Temple. The sun was traveling across the clear blue sky, and the snow covering the mountain peak was shining with its light.

There was a stunned expression on his face.

The other five incarnations were resting on the lower steps, panting heavily. One was tiredly rubbing his shoulders. Another was leaning on a broom made by manifesting shadows. A third one was sprawled on the black stone, lazily staring at the sky. lіght\nоvel\world~c`о/m. There was one who was pouring dirty water out of a bucket, and another one who was looking at them with disdain.

They had been busy cleaning up the temple for the last few days.

The cleanup was mostly finished, but the reconstruction had not even begun. Sunny knew that he would need special stone to rebuild the broken roof... he could scavenge some from the ruined cathedral of the Dark City, Durable wood for the beams, Would he have to visit the Burned Forest again to harvest some?

Luckily, he was good at all things having to do with craftsmanship, not only because of experience and practice, but also because of Bone Weave. His fingers were dexterous and responsive, like those of a master artisan. Any tool he needed, meanwhile, could be manifested from the shadows.

However, the scope of the work that had to be done to restore the Nameless Temple to a decent state was not the reason why Sunny was spacing out right now.

Instead, the reason was the discovery made by his original body.

While the avatars had been busy with cleaning, he had explored his new Citadel. Of course, he had discovered the mystical circle in the undertemple almost immediately.

However, it took him a while to figure out what that Component did.

The instinctual understanding of its purpose was hidden in the connection Sunny shared with the Citadel.

'So... it can move.’

He raised his gaze and studied the desolate mountain peak.

Sunny assumed that the Nameless Temple had been built here, and wondered what madness forced the builders to carry the great weight of black marble to the top of a towering mountain.

But now, he knew that the ancient temple had been built elsewhere, and had stood elsewhere, before appearing on this mountain peak one day.

He also knew that it could move again, now that it had an owner once more.

Slowly, a bold idea formed in his mind.

Sunny lingered for a while, then looked at his avatars and studied each one for a few moments.

Eventually, his gaze landed on the gloomy incarnation.

He smiled.

‘...Let's do it this way, then.’

***

Some time later, a sudden commotion disturbed the deadly peace of Godgrave. A dark figure in an onyx armor reached the edge of the dead god's breastbone, covered in ash and blood. Behind him was a trail of severed flesh and broken bodies.

The man's face was hidden behind a ferocious mask carved from black wood.

Standing on the precipice of an abyssal drop, he gazed down silently, paying no heed to a wave of abominations rushing at him from behind.

Then, a great temple built of black marble was suddenly standing on the bone plain.

As the man wearing the demonic mask turned, three warriors clad in the same onyx armor walked out of the darkness under the eaves of the black temple. A graceful stone knight followed, wielding a black blade and a round shield. Then, a silvery fiend forged in the flames of hell, a tenebrous steed shrouded in the mantle of nightmares, and an enormous serpent with onyx scales.

The dark dwellers of the black temple faced the tide of abominations calmly, and a few moments later, more blood flowed on the white surface of the ancient bone. A great darkness spread, hiding the battlefield from the cloudy sky.

At the same time, far away...

A young mundane girl was being taught how to slay Nightmare Creatures by an eccentric shadow. And further still...

A trade caravan was approaching Bastion. Dozens of heavily loaded wagons were rolling down the road, pushed by monstrous Echoes. A sizable force of Awakened was flanking the caravan, protecting it from the dangers of the Dream Realm.

Their expressions were clear now that the lake city was in view.

A handsome young man with porcelain skin and onyx eyes was sitting on the bed of one of the wagons, leaning his back against a wooden crate and looking ahead with a beautiful smile on his lips. He didn't seem that strong, and wore an elegant black mantle instead of durable armor.

Far away, the awesome silhouette of a great castle was slowly revealing itself from the shimmering waters of a clear lake.

The young man looked at it for a while, then glanced down, at his shadow.

"It seems that we've arrived."

The shadow stared back at him, then shrugged indifferently.

He smiled.

"...Yes, I think so too."

Saying that, the young man looked up, at the silhouette of a white tower floating in the air above the castle.

His face turned wistful for a moment, and then he looked away with a quiet sight.

"Ah, it's so pretty... damnation!”

**********


                                Chapter 1803 After the Fighting is Over
--------------------
Back in the courtyard of the Nameless Temple, Cassie let out a heavy sigh and looked away, hiding her eyes. Sunny remained silent, waiting for her to come to her senses.

He hesitated for a few moments, then moved his chair back. The tea had grown cold; the refreshments did not look appetizing anymore.

The leaves of the lonesome tree rustled peacefully in the darkness.

After a while, Cassie's shoulders trembled.

"It has already begun..."

Her voice was distant.

Sunny lingered for a few moments.

This time, the memory he had shown her was not nearly as long as the previous one. The awesome desolation of the Burned Forest and the mysterious nature of the Nameless Temple were memorable and distinct - however, as expected, what had affected Cassie the most was the sight of LO49.

Of course, she would not know anything about that lunar observatory in particular. But it was unmistakably a modern building - there was no place for it in the Dream Realm. Knowing that, she would have instantly understood the meaning.

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"You didn't know?"

She shook her head slowly.

He studied her delicate face, then let out a soft sigh.

Finally, there was something he knew that Cassie didn't. However, that did not bring him any joy.

After remaining silent for a while, he said neutrally:

"It was an old lunar observatory. L049. It used to stand on the southern edge of the Antarctic Center - well, designated south, at least. Obviously, every direction there is technically north of the pole."

Sunny paused for a moment, and then added:

"The staff and soldiers who were garrisoned there were wiped out during the early stages of the Chain of Nightmares, and nobody has seen LO49 since. I am the last human to have visited Antarctica, I think. But I never went that far south. So, I don't know when the observatory was swallowed by the Dream Realm."

He smiled darkly.

"It would be a bit funny... if it wasn't so terrifying. While wandering the Sword Domain, I often felt that it was safer than some parts of our own world. Now, the difference between the two realms is even more vague. Soon enough, there will be none."

Cassie did not respond, sitting motionlessly in the darkness. Eventually, she said in a quiet tone:

"I'm sorry... I need to process the news…”

Sunny leaned back and allowed her to think in silence. After a while, he said evenly:

"Does it change anything, though?"

The war was still coming.

Finally, Cassie faced him again.

"Of course! It changes everything. 1... 1'll have to rethink a lot of things. The human enclaves in the Dream Realm are hardly self-sufficient, after all. It is difficult enough to provide food and shelter for three hundred million people. To accommodate billions... even if it happens gradually over the span of a decade, a lot of development plans will have to be accelerated. Most communication still happens through the waking world. Data is stored digitally. The scope of it all is... is too much."

She let out a shaky breath.

"That is not even mentioning the fact that all the rules we know will become obsolete after our world is devoured by the Dream Realm. There will be no more Nightmare Gates, for example. No more division between the physical body and the spirit body... and so on. The Spell will have to change accordingly. It might very well plunge us into a new horror, one that would make everything prior seem like a gentle prologue."

Cassie was thinking as the right hand of a person who was supposed to take the throne of humanity. There was a heavy responsibility that came with the throne, of course.

But to Sunny, her train of thought seemed a little funny. Because they had not even come close to vanquishing the Sovereigns yet.

He smiled.

"You seem to have a lot of plans for what happens after the fighting is over."

Cassie faced him with a hint of surprise on her exquisite face.

"I do. Don't you?"

Sunny chuckled.

"Of course... more fighting."

Their woes would not be over with the fall of Anvil and Ki Song. If anything, the true battle would only start after the war was over.

She remained silent for a while, then nodded somberly.

"You are right."

A few moments later, the young woman added quietly:

"But, regardless of it all. I... am glad. That you found a reason to come back."

Then, Cassie faced him with a brittle smile.

"It might feel like the word has rejected you... but, Sunny. It needs you, as well."

Saying these words, she turned away.

"...As do I. And Nephis, most of all."

Sunny stared at her silently, a complicated mess of emotions rising in his heart. He wanted to say something, but didn't quite know what to say.

In the end, he simply shrugged.

"That is alright. Because I need the world, too. And Nephis. And you as well, Cassie."

She smiled.

"I'll remember."

With that, she stood up and sighed.

"Our time is up. If I linger any longer, some people in Bastion might grow suspicious of the purpose of my visit."

Sunny nodded lightly and rose from his chair.

He had brought Cassie here from NQSC. So, he had to bring her back, as well.

Soon, the two of them appeared in a deserted alley in the depths of the outskirts. Cassie could use her own tether to return to Bastion immediately, but hesitated for a while.

Eventually, she said with uncertainty:

"I'm... I won't say anything about what is happening between Nephis and you in Bastion."

Sunny suppressed an embarrassed cough, feeling grateful for her decision to refrain from discussing that matter. The situation... was strange and complicated enough, already,

Cassie took a deep breath.

"I want you to know something, though."

He raised an eyebrow.

"What?"

She lowered her head.

"About how it feels, on the other side. You see... 1 can't quite imagine how you feel, being forgotten by everyone. But I do know how it feels to have forgotten. It is a strange thing. When we first met, I didn't know who you were - by all accounts, you were a stranger. And yet, there was this strange sense of familiarity. As if we've known each other all our lives."

Cassie took a deep breath.

"There were... other feelings, as well. Subtle and faint, but undeniable. I won't describe them. But I am sure that Nephis is being swayed by these unconscious thoughts, as well. Even if she can't retain the memories of you, the emotions those memories stir remain. So... she wasn't just captivated by Master Sunless because he is charming, handsome, and pleasant to be around."

Cassie faced Sunny once again.

"You might think that her feelings are not quite real, because her knowledge of you is not quite true... and maybe you are right. But I still want you to respect them."

She remained silent for a moment, then nodded.

"...That is all I wanted to say, You can decide what to do yourself"

Before Sunny could say anything, she was gone. He stared at the empty space where Cassie had stood expressionlessly.

After a while, he sighed.

'Did I just... get the "if you hurt her, I'll kill you" talk?'

The tone wasn't quite the same, but somehow, it did feel like that.

Chuckling, Sunny turned around and pulled on his tether.

'If I hurt Nephis, she'll kill me herself. Well... at least she'll try. I am a bit hard to kill these days…’

**********


                                Chapter 1804 Unexpected Ivitation
--------------------
Today was a strangely slow day for the Brilliant Emporium.

Actually... it wasn't that strange.

Sunny had been complaining about how swamped he was in the kitchen when the business was good, but now that it was dull, he missed the money he could have made dearly.

The lack of clients was not strange, but the mood in Bastion was which, in turn, was the cause why so few people were visiting.

It was an odd mixture of agitation and somber anticipation. People were incensed and indignant about the attempt on Neph's life, which was attributed to Clan Song more and more. But, at the same time, some of them were disturbed by the swiftly changing tone of public opinion.

After all, people weren't fools. Many could recognize the malignant roots of the spreading rumors. They might not know who was behind the propaganda, but they could at least sense that they were being lied to. Others had enough foresight to see where the volatile situation was headed, even if they did not know why.

All in all, there were as many dissenting voices as those wishing to hold the Queen of Worms responsible.

It was all happening a little too quickly.

Sunny was still reeling from the recent conversation with Cassle. Now that he knew how fast the war was approaching, his own mood had turned strange, as well.

Luckily, he did not have a lot of time to worry about such things.

He was terribly busy despite the lack of customers. Most of his time was dedicated to designing the weave of the soul sword. But he was also preoccupied with something else.

Because his date with Nephis was approaching much faster than the war!

'Damn it... what to do, what to do?'

The pressure of designing a perfect date was more daunting than his attempts to weave a soulbound weapon. He had acted confidently when asking her out, but now that he actually had to come up with something, Sunny felt like his mind was paralyzed.

'Why did I prepare a picnic for a fake date? I should have saved that idea for the real one!'

There were not a lot of romantic places in Bastion. Even worse, Sunny was not that knowledgeable about romance.

And worse still, Nephis was not exactly a typical young lady! Who knew what her idea of a romantic encounter was?

In short, Sunny was stumped.

...And Aiko wasn't helping.

"What's the problem, boss? Just take her to an inn. I mean, you are both adults. There are inns that charge by the hour, you know..."

He glared at her silently.

"You. You are the problem! Do you want to get me killed?!"

Aiko laughed.

"Alright, alright, I'm Joking. Honestly, though, 1 say you are overthinking it. Anything and anywhere will be fine. After all, the only necessary ingredients are you and her. Since both of you will be present, that's most of the work done."

She glanced at him and asked:

"Just be yourself. Draw from your experience. What's the most romantic memory you have?"

Sunny scratched the tip of his nose.

"Uh... well... I spent a month being stuck on the corpse of a giant Nightmare Creature with a girl once..."

Aiko stared at him silently for a few moments.

"...On second thought, don't be yourself. Forget everything about your experience. Just take her on a boat ride, or something!"

Sunny eyes brightened.

"A boat ride? Huh. That's actually not a bad idea..."

He would have said more, but at that moment, his expression changed subtly.

Sunny looked at the door.

He could sense a group of people approaching the Brilliant Emporium. And they did not feel like his usual customers at all.

Heavy armor. Sharp weapons. Disciplined movements. Clear Intent.

'Soldiers.'

Why would a cohort of Awakened warriors of Clan Valor be approaching his humble shop?

For a moment, Sunny thought about how he would kill them. Dealing with these Awakened would only take him a few moments. Then, he could dismiss the Mimic, grab Aiko, and step through the shadows to outside the city. After that, Valor would not be able to catch him unless Anvil took action personally.

If his cover was blown... that was the only way.

However, he quickly dismissed that idea.

First of all, even if his cover was somehow blown, they would most likely only learn that he was the Lord of Shadows. The Lord of Shadows was an ally of Clan Valor, so there was nothing to be afraid of.

Secondly, in the much worse scenario where the elders of Clan Valor had learned that he was plotting to murder the king with Nephis, there would not have been a mere cohort of Awakened approaching his shop.

So...

'Why the hell are they here, then?’

Sunny was very confused.

"What's the matter, boss?"

Aiko looked at him apprehensively.

He hesitated for a moment.

"I, uh... have no Idea, really."

At that moment, the soldiers reached the Brilliant Emporium. Then, there was a loud knock on the door.

'Don't eat them.'

Giving Mimic a mental warning, Sunny sighed, put on a pleasant smile, and went to open the door.

"Welcome to the Brilliant Emporium! How may I help you?"

He was meat with an unfriendly stare.

Six Awakened warriors were standing a few steps back, while one was looking at him with disdain. The man was tall and sharp, clad in an enchanted armor, with a vermilion cloak hanging from his broad shoulders.

He was also an Ascended.

"Master Sunless?"

Hearing the deep voice, Sunny smiled a little wider.

"That's what they call me, yes,"

The Knight nodded.

"Please, come with me."

‘Uh…’

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

"...Why?"

The man glanced at him with badly hidden irritation, and then said coldly:

"I was ordered to escort you to the Castle. Please follow."

‘What the hell?'

Sunny hesitated for a bit, wondering if it wasn't too late to kill them and escape.

But he had to reluctantly abandon that idea.

"Why, by all means."

Exchanging a glance with Aiko, he shrugged helplessly and followed the Knight out of the Brilliant Emporium.

He tried to strike up a conversation a few times on the way to the Castle, but his escorts seemed to be in a foul mood. They were definitely not fans of Sunny, that was for sure.

With his sharp hearing, he could catch a few of the muttering under their breaths:

"Damned mongrel..."

No, really. What was going on? Was he going to get splashed in the face with water and be given a tidy sum of soul shards to never see Nephis again? That was what usually happened in dramas...

Sunny had thought of a thousand possible reasons for this unexpected visit, each more ominous than the previous one. However, he failed to learn the truth until the very end.

The escorts brought him across the lake, and then to the very heart of the Castle.

When Sunny was led to the main keep, where the direct line of Clan Valor resided, he was on the verge of collapsing from fright.

Half an hour later, he somehow found himself in a grand hall, facing none other than... Morgan, the Princess of War.

Morgan was leaning on a stone throne, holding a sharp sword in her hand.

Her gaze was piercing.

Suddenly, Sunny felt a chill run down his spine.

'She doesn't know. Does she?'

The last time they met was during the assassination attempt. Of course, back then, Sunny was wearing the persona of the Lord of Shadows.

Morgan's cold gaze traveled across his figure, making him shiver.

Then, her scarlet lips parted:

"Oh."

Morgan's voice sounded calm.

"I understand now."

Sunny struggled to keep a deep scowl off his face.

'What... what does she understand?’

Smiling faintly, Morgan descended from the dais and approached him. The sharp blade of her sword glistened in the rays of sunlight.

"Master Sunless, I presume."

Sunny nodded and forced himself to speak:

"Princess Morgan. It's an honor"

She stared at him with a strange expression, then cleared her throat.

"Indeed. Please kneel."

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"Pardon?"

Her gaze turned a little dark.

"I told you to kneel."

He hesitated for a few moments, glanced at his escorts, and then elegantly lowered himself to one knee.

'Morgan has grown immensely strong after Transcending. Still... if she attacks, I should be able to dodge.’

She raised her sword slowly, and at the same time, he prepared to call upon the shadows.

However, to his shock...

The sword did not fall down to cut his neck. Instead, Morgan touched the blade to his left shoulder lightly, then repeated the same process with his right shoulder and the crown of his head Sunny was dumbstruck.

‘What... is going... on?’

Having finished the strange action, Morgan dismissed her sword and smiled in satisfaction.

"Master Sunless... I hereby proclaim you a Knight of Valor. Rise, Sir Sunless. May your edge never dull."

Sunny's eyes widened.

"P-pardon?!”

**********


                                Chapter 1805 Sir Mongrel
--------------------
Sunny was so stunned that he did not know what to say.

All he could think was...

‘What the hell?!'

No, really...

Him? A Knight of Valor?!

His mind short-circuited for a moment.

Of all the things Sunny had expected when a cohort of unfriendly soldiers invited him to the Castle, that one never crossed his mind.

Still standing on one knee, he raised his head and looked at Morgan with a dumbfounded expression. She studied his face for a few moments, then clicked her tongue and turned away.

"That will be all. You can go now."

Remembering that he had been allowed to rise, Sunny slowly stood up.

"Princess Morgan. Please excuse my impudence, but if I may ask..."

Before he could ask anything, though, the guards unceremoniously grabbed him and escorted him out of the hall. A moment later, the door was slammed shut, hiding her bewitching figure from sight,

Just like that, his very short and very baffling audience with Morgan of Valor ended.

Sunny was left standing in the corridor, not sure what to do.

He blinked a couple of times.

‘...Are they forcefully conscripting independent Masters?’

That was the only thing he could think of. But then, it didn't make any sense. If Clan Valor really wanted to conscript him into the army on the eve of war, they would have gone about it in a different manner. Forcing a Master with no loyalty to fight for them could do more harm than good.

Slowly, Sunny realized that a person who he had assumed was just passing by was actually standing still and staring at him. Composing himself a little, he looked up.

There was a dignified middle-aged man in a well-tailored livery standing in front of him. His grey hair was neatly combed, and his expression was perfectly stoic.

Noticing that Sunny was paying attention, the man nodded.

"Sir Sunless. I am Sebastian, the steward of the Great Clan Valor. Allow me to congratulate you on your knighthood."

Sunny took a deep breath.

'I'm not dreaming, am I?'

He exhaled slowly.

There was actually a steward named Sebastian in Bastion! That... that was just a little bit too much, wasn't it ?!

Worst of all, Sunny couldn't even sense the man's Rank. He could have been a mundane person or a Saint.

Sunny forced out a polite smile and said:

"Nice to meet you. Ah... please forgive my lack of manners. I have to admit, I am extremely vexed right now. Can... can you explain what is going on?"

The middle-aged steward nodded.

"Certainly, sir. You've just been granted the title of a Knight of Valor. Oh... additionally, you have also been appointed as the Knight Commander of the Ardent Wardens. What an honor."

Sunny closed his eyes for a moment.

"...Ardent Wardens? Who are these Ardent Wardens?"

The steward gave him a dignified smile.

"Ardent Wardens are a grassroots volunteer organization that holds various activities to enrich the daily lives of the elderly citizens of Bastion. Food drives, cultural events, interest clubs... and the like, Self-governed."

Sunny stared at him silently, struggling to maintain a calm expression.

"So, if these Ardent Wardens are self-governed... then why do they need a Knight Commander? No, wait. Why does a volunteer organization dealing with bored elderly people need one?"

The middle-aged man nodded seriously.

"Exactly!"

There was not a hint of sarcasm in his esteemed voice, but somehow, Sunny got the impression that he was being mocked.

He was very confused.

"...So what are my responsibilities as a Knight Commander, exactly?"

The steward lingered for a moment, then said in a solemn tone:

"There are none, Sir Sunless. Well... I should rather say that there is only one. It is to uphold the dignity of the Great Clan Valor. Don't do anything that would besmirch the prestige of the royal family, and you should be good."

He paused, and then added neutrally:

"Of course, you will receive a monthly stipend, as well as other benefits befitting a man of your station."

Sunny stared at him some more.

'Crazy! I'm going crazy!"

"So... let me get this straight. I was made a Knight, but I don't have to perform the duties of a knight. There is nothing I am responsible for, but I am going to be paid for doing nothing?"

Sebastian smiled.

"Your wisdom is unmatched, Sir Sunless. You put it all so eloquently."

With that, he walked away at a brisk pace and beckoned for Sunny to follow.

"Now, please come with me!"

Sunny suppressed a frustrated groan and hurried after the steward.

"Coming, coming... but, where are we going?"

The middle-aged man answered in a refined manner:

"As a Knight Commander, you are to receive a list of items. Two sets of full dress attire, two finely dyed tabards, a parade cloak with an embroidered crest, an unadorned winter cloak, an embroidered battle banner, a painted household banner, a leather waist belt with an engraved silver buckle..."

Sunny silently covered his face with a palm.

***

Some time later, he was standing alone in one of the courtyards of the Castle, holding a sizable pack. His expression was absent.

The steward had basically chased him away from the keep after assembling the list of items that a Knight was eligible to receive. The man had refused to answer Sunny's tentative question until the very end, finding inventive ways to tactfully dodge them every time.

It was just that... how could Sunny put it?

Steward Sebastian did not seem to have kept the truth from him on purpose. Rather, it looked like the dignified man was too embarrassed to answer directly, as if saying it aloud would be a disgrace.

Sunny stared into the distance silently.

‘...I guess I am a Knight of Valor now.’

Weirder things had happened.

Granted... just a few.

In any case, at least the whole thing was such a formality that he had not even been forced to give an oath of allegiance. Neither had he been issued any Memories - with the war approaching, Clan Valor did not seem keen to waste resources on a fake Knight. lіght\nоvel\world~. That was a good thing for Sunny, because he did not want to receive a sword forged by Anvil.

Nor was he capable of receiving one there was no Spell to facilitate the transfer of Memories between him and its carriers, after all.

He would also be receiving a monthly stipend of soul shards.

Sunny sighed.

'Wow, Nepotism is truly the best.’

By now, he had figured out that his sudden knighthood had something to do with his connection to Nephis. It was just that the initiative must have come from some other entity in the Great Clan, which was why the signals had crossed.

So, there was nothing left to do except return home.

Sunny was ready to take a step forward, but then froze for a moment.

He was currently in a courtyard... a different one from where he had duelled young Master Tristan, but the mood was quite similar.

There were more than a few unfriendly gazes aimed his way. Looking around, he saw various Knights and Squires, all staring at him with cold expressions.

Sunny gulped.

They had already hated him before for having the audacity to accompany their princess. Now that Morgan had knighted him for no good reason...

It did not look good! Even Sunny was starting to hate himself a little.

Who wouldn't hate a handsome freeloader?

'Gods... I won't have to fight another duel, will I?’

As a matter of fact, he had the feeling that, this time, there would be no duel.

Instead, there would be a thorough beating.

Or an attempt of one, at least!

Sunny looked around once more, noticing that several Knights were already approaching him slowly with dark faces,

'Right. I just need to defuse the situation. Be polite and keep calm. Be polite…’

One of the Knights snarled through gritted teeth:

"I didn't believe it... hey, you! Mongrel! Have you no..."

Sunny's eye twitched, and he opened his mouth to retort.

Before he could, however, there was a rustle of wings, and suddenly, a breathtaking figure was standing between him and the incensed Knights.

Shielding him with her radiant wings, Nephis frowned and looked at them scornfully.

"...What is going on here?”

**********


                                Chapter 1806: Shadow in Distress
--------------------
Seeing that a literal Saint had fallen from the sky, the approaching Knights froze and looked away in embarrassment - or rather, they tried.

However, they were too mesmerized by Neph's appearance. With her beautiful white wings, tousled silver hair, and flawless figure, she looked nothing short of stunning. It was as if a celestial deity had suddenly descended into the mortal world, illuminating it with her pure light.

Additionally, she wasn't wearing her usual elegant attire or polished armor. Instead, she was dressed in simple clothes made out of soft white fabric, which seemed almost like loungewear, and contoured the graceful lines of her body well.

Too well, maybe...

Suddenly, Sunny felt an overwhelming impulse to walk in front of Nephis and shield her from their gazes, instead.

‘What are you staring at, bastards?'

To be fair, there was nothing lascivious in their gazes. Instead, the Knights were strangely stuck between embarrassment, admiration, and a bit of remnant contempt directed at Sunny, It was a funny sight.

"...What is going on here?"

Neph's voice was cold, and her expression was stern. White sparks danced in her piercing grey eyes.

The Knights shivered, instantly losing their rancor.

"N-nothing, Lady Nephis."

"We apologize for our rudeness."

"Please don't mind us..."

She scowled.

"If there is nothing going on, then I suggest you be on your way."

Her voice was even, but the seasoned Knights suddenly turned pale. A moment later, they were gone... it was quite amazing, actually. The skills of these warriors were truly formidable - if Sunny did not know any better, he would have thought that they were blown away by the wind!

'What a splendid movement technique...'

Knights of Valor were known for their indomitability in battle, but it seemed that they knew a thing or two about how to retreat, as well.

While he was considering admiring their swift withdrawal, Nephis huffed quietly and turned to him. Her scornful expression instantly disappeared, replaced by a subtle look of concern.

She lingered for a moment.

"I am sorry, Are you alright?"

Sunny couldn't help but gaze at her deeply, taking in every little detail of her, Eventually, he remembered himself and answered In a slightly stifled tone:

"Ah... yes. I am fine."

Then, he tilted his head a little, glanced at the distant silhouette of the Ivory Island, and looked back at Nephis.

"I'm sory, Lady Nephis... but did you just jump down after noticing that I'm in trouble?"

He had not put two and two together immediately, but now that he took a better look at her, there were a few strange details. Her comfortable clothes, unkempt hair, and slight signs of agitation were far from the composed image Nephis usually presented to the public.

So, it wasn't hard to surmise that this appearance had not been planned.

Nephis froze for a moment, glanced down at herself, then awkwardly swiped a lock of her hair back, putting it behind her ear.

Sunny could have sworn that she blushed a little.

"Ah... well. I happened to be free when Cassie informed me that something was afoot. So... here I am."

She studied his face to make sure that everything was indeed alright, then looked at the pack in his hands in confusion.

"That said, what exactly happened? She only told me that you were taken to the main keep."

Her expression hardened.

"Did someone harass you? Was it my sister? What did she say?"

Sunny remained silent for a few moments, not knowing how to answer.

Eventually, he gave her a reassuring smile.

"Oh, no, nothing like that. Nobody harassed me. 1 was indeed summoned by Princess Morgan, but for a different reason. It's... well, I'm not sure how to say it..."

Neph's frown only deepened.

"A... different reason, you say? What reason might that be?"

Sunny coughed.

"Well, it's like this. She made me a Knight of Valor."

He did not know what Nephis had expected to hear, but it definitely wasn't this. For a moment, she seemed startled.

"What?"

He smiled helplessly.

"It's how I said. I was given the title of a Knight and the post of the Knight Commander of the Ardent Wardens. Oh... the Ardent Wardens are a group of volunteers who do community service, mainly taking care of the elderly. Yeah... I was told that my only responsibility is to maintain the prestige of the royal family... whatever that means..."

Nephis stared at him for a while, then sighed and covered her face with a hand. After a few moments of silence, she said in a flat tone:

"I am sorry. It's my fault... they were probably unhappy with me dating a man of no background. I expected opposition... but who would have thought that Morgan would be so accommodating?"

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

"Oh. So it's because of my lowly background. I see."

She lowered her hand and looked at him with a startled expression.

"No! I didn't mean it like that."

Sunny smiled.

"I know. You're not a conceited person. If anything... to be honest, between the two of us, I am probably more of a bigot. I actually have quite a prejudice against the Legacy clans. Although... it might be a bit bold of me, to admit something like that while attempting to court a princess of a Great Clan. Oh well, what can I do? That just goes to show how the lack of pedigree results in a lack of common sense and decorum..."

Hearing his lighthearted tone, Nephis relaxed a little. She lingered a little, then met his smile with a tentative one of her own.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"Then... I am grateful that you are willing to put your prejudice aside and give this princess a chance, You are an admirably broad-minded person, Master Sunless."

He laughed.

"No one has ever accused me of being broad-minded before. It's just that I would have to be mad to let my pettiness stand in the way of seeing you, Lady Nephis."

Then, he suddenly froze.

'Right'

Weren't they supposed to go on a date in a few days?

Meeting her today, therefore, was a bit awkward. What was he supposed to do? Pretend that they had not made plans? Or try to woo her right now?

Noticing his puzzlement, Nephis asked:

"What's wrong?"

Sunny hesitated for a few moments.

"No, it's nothing. It's just that... to be honest, I've been thinking about our date a lot. Constantly, even. I've been looking forward to it so much that meeting you all of a sudden is a bit of a shock. Well... I know that you are terribly busy, Lady Nephis. So, I'll see you in a few days?"

She looked at him silently for a while.

Then, she smiled subtly.

"Actually, I'm not that busy, How about we just make it today?”

Online

roperoropero Today, 17:04+ 18 ⋅ 0 -

**********


                                Chapter 1807 Dream Come True
--------------------
They parted soon after.

…For a little bit.

Sunny might not have known a lot about women, but he knew enough not to try taking Nephis on a date immediately. Women had their mysterious rites and rituals, after all - if he invited her anywhere without giving her a chance to clean up and change out of her loungewear into something more flattering, he would have earned the scorn of the entire womankind.

Granted, those light clothes of hers were flattering enough, already. Although not exactly sparse, they did a splendid job of accentuating every...

'Pure thoughts!’

In any case, the brief parting worked in his favor, as well. While Nephis returned to the Ivory Island to get ready, Sunny scrambled to arrange a few things. About an hour later, he was waiting by the riverside dock, holding the familiar picnic basket in one hand.

It was a blessing that there were two bodies at his disposal here in Bastion. Otherwise, he would have never managed to prepare in time. Not only did he have to make arrangements, but he also had to quickly assemble a delightful meal for a romantic getaway. One body had been running around and outside the city, while the other had been busy in the kitchen.

Luckily, he managed to finish everything in the nick of time.

Suppressing a hint of nervousness, Sunny couldn't help but look up at the graceful silhouette of the Ivory Tower hovering among the clouds. He almost expected to see a beautiful figure descending from the sky in a mantle of sunlight... but due to the location of where they had arranged to meet, Nephis decided to be less conspicuous.

If Changing Star had indeed landed on a lively street in all her radiant glory, the commotion caused by her arrival would not have been small. Therefore, she simply walked up to him like a normal person, appearing from an alley.

Of course, there was still a big reaction. A Saint was not someone who could be ignored... and Nephis was not just any Saint. Wearing a simple white summer dress and no jewelry, she was still stunning. The passerby couldn't help but react to her beauty, and a lot of heads had been involuntarily turned.

Sunny felt his heart skip, knowing that today, that beauty was just for him.

As she approached with a light smile, he heard a quiet and melodious ringing. He had not told her a lot about the destination of their date, but he did tell her that it would have something to do with water-so, Nephis summoned the familiar pair of silver anklets, which were a Memory she had used on the Great River to help her move in the water

Sunny couldn't help but smile when looking at her.

Nephis walked over, stopped near him, and asked in a light tone:

"So, Master Sunless... where are you taking me?"

He hesitated for a moment.

Out there in the waking world, it was winter, and bitter cold haunted the snowy streets. But here in Bastion, it was still summer. The entire city was bathed in smoldering heat.

People were seeking shelter from the incandescent sun in the shade and longing for cool drinks. Of course, as Saints, both Sunny and Nephis could ignore the sultry weather... but that did not mean that they would not enjoy the refreshing feeling of cooling down their bodies.

He smiled.

"To a beach."

Nephis tilted her head a little.

"...A beach?"

Sunny nodded.

"It might sound a little silly... but actually, I've always dreamed of going to the beach. It's just that there were none where I grew up... actually, I'm not entirely sure if there are any left in the waking world."

He paused for a moment, and then added with a smile:

"But I've learned that there is actually one not far from Bastion. So... would you mind making a dream of mine come true, Lady Nephis?"

She looked at him with a hint of mirth.

"How would I dare refuse? I remember you telling me that you'd given up on having dreams. Fortunately, you seem to have found one, so I'd be delighted to help you fulfill it."

The corner of Neph's mouth twisted upward, and she added with a hint of teasing in her tone:

"However... are you sure that you don't just want to see me in a bathing suit, Master Sunless?"

He looked at her seriously.

"I promise that I don't just want to see you in a bathing suit."

His tone was earnest... but there was a subtle accent on the word "just".

She laughed.

"If you say so. Then... how do we get to this beach?"

Sunny offered her his arm.

"Follow me."

Once she wrapped her arm around his, he guided her to the dock.

There were several rivers feeding the Mirror Lake, and one it gave birth to. That river was much more modest than the great River of Tears that flowed through the entire Song Domain, but it was still deep and full. lіght\nоvel\world~c\о\m. Its destination was also the same it flowed south, toward the Stormsea.

Bastion was much further south and closer to the Stormsea than Ravenheart, so the river wasn't very long. It could be quite dangerous for the same reason - powerful sea monsters sometimes entered the estuary and swam far upstream, attracted by the smell of human souls.

They never reached the Mirror Lake, though, because the Citadel of Clan Dagonet stood between Bastion and the sea. The powerful abominations from the depths always died trying to breach the river fortress.

Nevertheless, the length of the river between Bastion and the stronghold was not entirely safe. But Sunny judged that nothing in this tamed region of the Dream Realm could seriously threaten him and Nephis. Very few things out there that could.

What he cared about was that there was a wild beach not too far down the river. It was beautiful, peaceful, and remote... a perfect place for a date on a hot summer day.

That was where he wanted to take Neph.

There were several wooden longships tied to the pier, their bows carved to resemble dragons and serpents. These drakkars belong to Clan Dagonet, and were used to patrol the river and guard the trade ships coming from the Stormsea. There were also several barges meant to deliver supplies to the river fortress and the town that had grown around it.

Most Importantly, there were plenty of small river boats.

‘Thanks, Alko…’

Sunny guided Nephis to one of the boats, which he had rented from the owner in advance. It was just large enough to fit two people and a bit of cargo, with a single pair of oars at the stern.

She looked at it curiously.

"Are we sailing down the river?"

Sunny hesitated for a moment, then smiled helplessly.

"Well... more like rowing down the river? Oh, I'll be the one handling the oars, of course. Why, you don't like it?"

'Should I kill Aiko? A little.’

Nephis looked at the boat, then at the river, and finally back at him.

Eventually, she smiled.

"No. I love it."

Sunny let out a relieved sigh.

'Aiko can live. Should I give her a raise?’

**********


                                Chapter 1808 Down the River
--------------------
Sunny held Neph's hand to help her step into the boat, then untied it, pushed it away from the berth, and jumped inside nimbly. His movements were so light that the boat did not rock at all.

Nephis sat down on the bench at the front, while he took his place on the bench at the stern. They were facing each other, with only the picnic basket between them.

He took the oars and moved them gently, guiding the boat to the middle of the river. It floated smoothly, cutting the water with a pleasant sound. The lively streets of Bastion crawled past them, with plenty of interesting scenes to be seen. The further from the shore they moved, the quieter it became, until the bustle of the city had turned into a quiet hum.

Sunny was not looking around, though. He was looking at Nephis, and in turn, she was looking at him.

Both were smiling.

Nephis leaned to the side and lowered a hand into the water. Watching her fingers cut its surface, she sighed deeply, and then closed her eyes for a moment. Her features relaxed.

"How peaceful."

Hearing her say that made him happy.

Sunny extended his shadow sense in all directions, so he knew that there were no Nightmare Creatures hiding under the water. He did not spoil the mood by telling her to be careful. Instead, he used the few moments she had her eyes closed to stare at her with an unabashed craving.

Then, he averted his eyes and concentrated on rowing.

After a while, Nephis looked at him with a subtle smile. The city was behind them by then - there were no other boats on the river, and no ships in sight. The only sounds breaking the silence were the rustle of water and the soft splashes produced by the oars.

She leaned back a little and asked in a leisurely tone:

"Won't you grow tired from rowing?"

Sunny chuckled. It was obviously a question asked for the sake of being polite. He was supposed to be a Master, after all - guiding a small boat downriver would not tire him. lіght\nоvel\world~c\о\m. He could have used a measure of strength suitable for an Ascended and sent the boat flying at great speed to strain himself, but then the oars would probably explode into splinters.

That wouldn't be nice at all.

"Oh, I might not look it, but actually, I'm quite strong."

He let go of one of the oars for a moment and showed her his hand.

"These hands of mine can crush mountains."

Nephis laughed.

"I'm sure. Still, I feel guilty watching you do all the work."

Sunny remained silent for a moment. Then, his smile turned a little daring.

"Why don't you come here and help me, then?"

She looked at him, then rose with a smile and moved to the rear bench. Sunny shifted to the side to give her some room. A few moments later, they were sitting side by side, each holding one oar.

The bench wasn't quite wide enough to fit two people, so their bodies were pressed tightly against each other.

The cool breeze was caressing them gently, and the sun reflected beautifully from the surface of the water. The river was peaceful and quiet. Sunny could feel the heat of her body through his clothes, and she could undoubtedly feel his.

He inhaled deeply.

Rowing a boat in this manner was a little tricky. The oars had to move both simultaneously and with equal amounts of force - otherwise, the small vessel would either turn to the shore or start spinning in place.

But Sunny and Nephis easily fell into a comfortable rhythm. They were perfectly in syne - the oars rose and fell in tandem with each other, and the boat remained perfectly straight.

It was rocking a little, though, and due to the fact that they were so close, each holding an oar with one hand, maintaining balance was a little tedious,

Sunny moved his free arm and wrapped it around Neph's waist, firmly holding her in place. She glanced at him with a smile, then did the same.

Just like that, they remained silent for a while, rowing in harmony while enjoying the breeze, the peaceful quiet of the river, and each other's warmth.

The silence between them wasn't awkward or tense. Instead, it was comfortable and soothing, easing their tired minds.

After a while, Nephis looked at him and asked:

"What are you thinking about?"

Sunny lingered for a moment, then shrugged slightly.

"Just... life, I guess. How it is sometimes full of sorrow, and sometimes full of joy."

She studied his face carefully, then turned to enjoy the view of the river.

"Interesting... my life is quite different, I think. I am content at times, and at other times I am resentful. But I don't really feel joy or sorrow that much. Mostly, I am just... focused. Actually, I feel a little guilty if I am too happy or too sad. It makes me feel that I have allowed myself to become distracted."

He looked at her curiously.

That was how Nephis was. She lived in service of her goal... which didn't mean that she was miserable. It just meant that her mind was preoccupied with practical matters, and she mostly drew both satisfaction and discontent from the actions undertaken to realize her aspiration.

That was a valid way to live a life. Still... Sunny felt that she was being too harsh on herself.

He hesitated for a moment.

"Really? Then, when was the last time you felt joy? And when was the last time you felt sorrow?"

Nephis looked at the river with a faint smile. She remained silent for a bit, then answered in an easy tone:

"I don't quite remember."

Sunny kept looking at her, not saying anything.

Was it because it was not important to her, so she had forgotten?

Or was it because her joys and sorrows had all been connected to him?

He hugged her tighter.

Sensing it, she turned to face him and smiled.

"What about you?"

Sunny blinked a couple of times and answered honestly:

"Why, I am full of joy right now."

Hearing Neph laugh, he smiled brightly.

"As for sorrow... I had to throw out a batch of strawberries because there were too few customers in the café as of late. That was really sad."

Her laugh grew a little louder. That made him happy, as well.

After a while, Nephis looked at him, lingered for a few moments, and then said neutrally:

"This... was a really great idea. I have a bit of history with boats, you know."

Sunny knew, of course. From the boat she had built from the bones of a demon to cross the Dark Sea to Ananke's ketch, the two of them had shared many poignant moments while rocking on the water.

Nephis sighed.

"I once sailed down a great river with a dear person. That person is gone, but the fondness remains."

He couldn't do anything but hold her close.

Sunny knew that she was talking about Ananke. But even though she could not remember him, these words described the two of them, too.

Looking ahead, he smiled and said:

"Then, it's good to forge new memories, To remember them fondly as well, one day in the future."

Eventually, the beach he had wanted to take her to appeared in sight.

By then, basked in her warmth, Sunny felt a bit regretful that it did.

**********


                                Chapter 1809 Beach Date
--------------------
Bastion used to be surrounded by a vast, lush forest. Sadly, the entire forest had been one giant, dreadful abomination - a Fallen Titan that possessed Immense power and almost Inexhaustible vitality.

The Knights of Valor had risen to become one of the deadliest forces among the early carriers of the Nightmare Spell precisely because the warriors of the future Great Clan had spent decades fighting against the titanic forest and its horrid spawns. There were no Masters and no Saints back then - and yet, they managed to push it back from the shores of the Mirror Lake.

Nevertheless, Bastion had still been besieged by the hungry woods from all sides, and it was only after the Second Generation of Awakened came of age that the situation changed. One of the sons of the famed founder of Clan Valor took command of the Knights and waged a ruthless war against the vast Titan.

Today, everyone knew the name of that son, for he had become the King of Swords. As for the abominable forest, it was long gone - burned to the ground, the ashes scattered by the winds.

A bustling city and fertile fields now stretched where impenetrable woods once stood, blocking the light of the sun and drowning the land in darkness, Sunny and Nephis had travelled far enough downstream to leave the settled parts behind, though.

Now, tall trees crowded the shore - these ones quite docile and not dangerous at all... unless one went digging for their roots or tried to cut them down, at least. There was a river bend not too far away, and the trees retreated a little along its curve, forming a sequestered beach.

Emerald leaves were rustling like a vast sea, and sunlight poured from the pure azure sky. The air was shimmering from the sweltering heat. Further away from shore, the ground was covered by moss and swaying grass, but there was a wide strip of golden sand near the water.

It was beautiful and peaceful, like a picture out of a book.

Sunny smiled when he saw the picturesque view.

"We're here."

The two of them carefully guided the boat to the shore. Nephis jumped down onto the sand, looked around, and inhaled deeply. She seemed at ease and relaxed, which was a rare sight. Sunny, at least, did not remember when was the last time he had seen her in such a serene mood.

Perhaps it was never.

Picking up the picnic basket, he jumped to the beach, then grabbed the bow of the boat with his free hand and pulled it ashore as if it did not weigh anything. Then, he studied their surroundings with a curious expression.

‘How nice.’

Suffice it to say, Sunny wasn't a big fan of getting wet- simply because the Spell had never missed a chance to drop him into some damnable body of water. lіght\nоvel\world~c\о\m. Nevertheless, now that he was on an actual beach, the idea of spending a pleasant day playing in the water and basking in the sun did not seem terrible at all.

Especially in the present company.

Nephis glanced at him curiously.

"Well, what do you think? Is it everything you dreamed of?"

Sunny chuckled.

"Ah... it's not bad, I guess. We'll see how things go."

This outing of theirs was entirely spontaneous, and they had spent quite a while getting here. Needless to say, Sunny had not had a chance to eat before due to being summoned to the Castle and running around to prepare the date - so, he had worked up an appetite.

Nephis was most likely the same.

He found a good spot near the water and placed the basket down. Opening it, Sunny produced a beautifully embroidered blanket, laid it on the sand, and then moved the basket to its middle.

Looking at Neph, he asked:

"Would you like to eat something, Lady Nephis?"

She studied him for a few moments, then shook her head with a smile.

"Actually, I think I want to cool down a little first."

He nodded.

"Oh”

Then, his expression changed a little.

‘Oh!’

Before Sunny could react, Nephis took a step back and pulled her dress off. She was wearing a white swimming suit beneath - it was not too modest and not too revealing, hiding everything that needed to be hidden just well enough to set his imagination ablaze.

He barely managed not to gulp.

Her alabaster skin, her glistening silver hair, her striking eyes, the smooth lines of her supple body... it was a lot to take in.

Her figure was slender and athletic, with a flat stomach and perfectly defined muscles... as expected from a person who spent most of her time either in battle or practicing the sword. However, it wasn't harsh and cumbersome. Instead, it was beautiful and soft in all the right...

'I should probably... look away'

Sunny struggled to maintain his mental composure, knowing that she could sense the intensity of his longing.

...His struggles had limited success.

Nephis chuckled, then turned around and stepped into the water. Then, she looked at him over the shoulder.

"Are you coming?"

Sunny hesitated for a few moments.

He wanted to. And he was going to, eventually... but doing so meant that there was no way back. Because he would have to dismiss the Nebulous Mantle to take a dive into the cool water.

The Mantle protected him from prying eyes and suppressed his presence. Once his presence was released, Nephis would get a better measure of his power. She might not realize that he was a Saint immediately - some Masters had one too, after all. Sunny himself had emanated a subtle presence as an Ascended, for example.

Plus, five of his shadows were far away, which diminished the ferocity of his presence a lot.

But, still... Nephis would be able to realize the truth eventually.

He wasn't quite ready to let that happen, yet. Sunny smiled easily.

"Go ahead first. I'll prepare things here and join you soon."

She studied his face for a moment, then smiled and turned away.

"Suit yourself!"

Not wasting any time, Nephis dove into the cool water, escaping the summer heat with a splash. She moved away from shore with powerful strokes, then turned onto her back and continued swimming while looking at the vivid blue sky. Her tranquil gaze was full of joy.

**********


                                Chapter 1810 Beautiful Gift
--------------------
Sunny lingered for a few moments, then looked down and concentrated on setting the table.

However, he couldn't help but throw glances at Nephis, who was enjoying herself in the water. His gaze was a little heated, but he tried to control his emotions as best he could, knowing that she might sense the nature and intensity of his desire.

He was sure that she already had.

Maybe Nephis did not mind, though.

Sunny let out a quiet sigh.

His shadow sense had expanded to envelop a vast area, reaching far and wide. From the sky to the bottom of the river, nothing could escape him. He knew that Neph could handle any danger hiding underwater, but he still felt protective. Today was her day off, which was an exceedingly rare event. So, nothing was allowed to spoil it.

Many kilometers away, a hideous monster was stealthily moving through the woods. Before it could take another step, though, shadows suddenly came alive all around it. The beast did not have any time to react or to let out a roar - it was swiftly pulled into the darkness and disappeared from sight. A few moments later, a stream of blood flowed out of the shadows.

Sunny shook his head with reproach and continued pulling out snacks out of the picnic basket. There were all kinds of dishes for Nephis to choose from those she liked the most at the Brilliant Emporium. There was also a small brazier and a kettle to brew tea.

He had prepared well.

Eventually, Nephis had enough fun and swam back to the shore. Sunny was standing there peacefully, enjoying the breeze. Rising from the water, she swept her hair back and looked at him with an easy smile.

"Aren't you hot, Master Sunless? All alone there on the shore."

He hesitated for a moment.

"Not really. I've prepared the food. Would you like..."

Instead of answering, she looked at him for a moment, then moved her hand unhurriedly.

In the next moment, Sunny was splashed with water.

He froze.

‘Uh... what just happened?'

His brain refused to process the information.

Noticing his startled expression, Nephis couldn't help but laugh. Her melodious laughter, so rare and beautiful, was carried away by the wind, and then she looked at him with a hint of a mischievous smile.

Her tone was subtly teasing.

“...I feel a little cheated."

Sunny stared at her silently for a few moments, then sighed deeply and lowered his head.

Then, the Nebulous Mantle dissolved into shadows.

Immediately, the summer day seemed a little colder. The shadows hiding under the trees had grown deeper and darker. Their darkness, in turn, made sunlight more stark.

Not wasting any time, Sunny pulled off his clothes. He was wearing a pair of simple black swimming trunks underneath his trousers... finding them had given him a lot of trouble, actually, while he was preparing for the date.

Everything else was fine, but something like that would usually be imported from the waking world. Obviously, Sunny had to run around the city a little to procure a suitable pair.

The breeze caressed his naked skin, and at the same time, Nephis looked at him with a strange intensity in her calm grey eyes.

Sunny's body was not at all like what one would expect from a gallant and scholarly enchanter. It was lithe, with not a gram of fat covering the lean muscles. His figure looked like something chiseled from marble by an enamored sculptor.

His flawless porcelain skin made his raven-black hair and dark eyes seem even darker,

Most striking of all, though..., was an intricate tattoo of a great serpent that colled around his arms and torso. Contrasted against the fair skin, the black ink was like pure darkness.

Every onyx scale of the colling serpent was so vividly tattooed that it almost seemed alive.

Sunny had summoned the Serpent from Godgrave for a special purpose. He had not planned on revealing it in such a manner, though...

Well, all his plans had gone astray ever since this morning.

Nephis seemed a little startled by the sigh.

"You... you have a tattoo."

Sunny looked at his arms, then smiled pleasantly.

"That I do."

While she was gazing at him deeply, he sent a little essence into his muscles and jumped high into the air... then plummeted into the water like a cannonball, making sure that Nephis was in the splash zone.

"You..."

In the next moment, she was doused with water from head to toe.

Neph's eyes widened a little.

Laughing, Sunny surfaced and then swam away from the shore,

"You, get back here!"

The water was cool and clear, washing away the summer heat from his body.

'Coming to a beach... was Indeed a really great idea…’

***

The two of them played in the water for a while. With her silver anklets, Nephis was like a mermaid... Sunny spent most of the time enjoying the sight of her moving gracefully underwater, so much so that he was starting to worry that he would be too distracted and accidentally drown.

The water was pleasantly cool and incredibly clear. The sun, which had been high above them on the way to the beach, was slowly rolling down the horizon.

At some point, Sunny left Nephis alone and swam far away from the shore, then held his breath and dove down.

Reaching the depths of the river, he noticed what he was looking for - a stealthy Nightmare Creature that looked like a massive boulder. Once he swam close to it, though, the boulder split apart, revealing a jagged line. lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m. The abomination was like a monstrous abalone, and what had seemed like stone was its shell.

Before the creature could swallow him, Sunny crushed the impregnable shell with his fist, and then spent some time thoroughly tearing the river beast apart, Eventually, he fished the soul shard out of its remains and pushed himself toward the surface.

Soon, thoroughly hungry, Sunny and Nephis returned to shore.

Pleasantly tired, they walked over to the picnic blanket and sat down. She looked at the food with glistening eyes.

Before Nephis could eat anything, however, Sunny reached outward and opened his palm.

The soul shard was laying on it. It was a bit different from how the usual rough crystals - this one was perfectly round and polished, glimmering with a beautiful nacre color.

Nephis looked at it with curiosity.

"What is this?"

Sunny smiled.

"Just... something beautiful. For you."

She hesitated for a moment, then took it and studied the glimmering pearl for a few moments.

Then, her face bloomed with a bright smile.

Bringing the pearl closer to her face, Nephis looked at Sunny with appreciation.

Then, she sighed.

"I don't have a gift for you, though."

Pushing a plate of sandwiches closer to her, Sunny laughed.

"You are here, That's the best gift”

**********

