Shadow Slave - PART 195
Chapters 1941 to 1950
==============================


                                Chapter 1941 Children of a New Era
--------------------
The inhabitants of the Citadel noticed their approach from afar. By the time Orum and Little Ki reached the gates of the palace, a small crowd had already gathered in the great hall beyond, looking at them with varied emotions.

There were very few Awakened anchored here — no more than thirty. Some of them looked surprised, some were tense. The latter were probably those who recognized Little Ki, and knew that they had sinned against this young woman. The two battered clay dolls following her attracted quite a few stares, as well. Orum stayed back, giving Little Ki space. She walked forward with confident steps, keeping her hand on the hilt of a Memory sword that rested in a makeshift scabbard on her belt.

One of the Awakened took a few steps forward, as well, facing her with a smile. He was a man a few years younger than Orum, with handsome features and long blonde hair.

There was insincere warmth in his friendly voice:

"Little Ki! Or should I say Awakened Song? Welcome to jade Palace... we were all happy to hear that you have survived the winter solstice unscathed. Warms my heart, really, to know that you are doing well... granted, I am surprised to see you all the way here. Didn't the Spell send you to Rivergate? How come you are not there?"

The young woman remained silent for a while, studying him and the other Awakened gathered in the dark hall. Her expression was cold, and her eyes were once again full of somber glum... no, not even glum.

They were simply full of darkness, devoid of any human warmth.

Little Ki looked at the blonde man and said calmly:

"Where else would I be? This is my Citadel. I have come to claim what is mine." The man hesitated, his smile growing a little cold.

"...Come on, girl. Surely you didn't take what I said the last time we met seriously? I was just being polite because of how thankful we all were to your mother. You are an adult now, so you should know better. You and your friend are most welcome here... in our Citadel. But someone as young and inexperienced as you is not fit to rule it. Don't you think?"

Little Ki stared at him silently and ignored his question.

Instead, she suddenly asked one of her own:

"Where were you when my mother died?"

The man blinked.

"What?"

She looked around the hall, piercing every Awakened with a cold gaze, and repeated her question.

"Where were you when my mother died? All of you. She had welcomed you here. She had fed and protected you. And yet, when she was fighting against that thing, bleeding, dying... where were you?"

Some of the Awakened looked away, some met her gaze with anger.

The young woman snarled.

"All of you are complicit. All of you are her murderers. And yet you have the audacity to claim that this is your Citadel. That I am too weak to rule it. You... you cowards are calling me weak?"

The blonde man's smile disappeared, replaced by a dark expression. His eyes were suddenly full of malice, making Orum tense up.

"Listen, little girl... I will forgive your rudeness this once. I am quite a rnagnanimous person, after all, and so are my people. Considering what we owe your mother, we are willing to let this entire misunderstanding go. She was a benevolent and generous person, too... so you should show the same grace and forgive us as well, like she would have. Carrying resentment in your heart won't be good for you."

There was a subtle threat in that last sentence.

Little Ki looked at him for a moment, then slowly shook his head.

"...Gods might forgive. But I won't."

He frowned.

"What?"

Little Ki closed her eyes for a moment.

"Then again, gods are dead. And my kind mother is dead, too.‘'

The man's frown deepened...

But before he could say anything, the young woman's hand moved, and her sword pierced his neck

His eyes widened, and a torrent of blood flowed from his mouth.

Standing near the gate of the palace, Orum flinched, shocked.

Little Ki, meanwhile, shook the corpse of the blonde man off her sword and took a step forward. Her expression did not change at all, as if she had not just killed a human being.

The rest of the Awakened were a few seconds too late to react. Some reeled back, some reached for their weapons or began to summon Memories.

The young woman wielding a bloodied sword did not say anything more, dashing forward in eerie silence. Her two puppets moved, too.

Orum stood frozen near the wall, watching the battle in horror. He had already known how skilled Little Ki was, and how eerie her Aspect was... but he had never seen her Ability used against fellow humans.

Only when he saw Awakened scream and try to stem the flow of blood from wounds that had seemed shallow, falling to the ground in agony, did he realize how terrifying and morbid the young woman's power truly was.

And how chillingly ruthless she was.

Taking lives, gifting death.

There were almost thirty Awakened in the Jade Palace, but they were no match for one of the most talented students of the Academy. If they were strong, they would not have run away or hidden themselves when Ravenheart faced her last enemy... still, they could have easily overwhelmed Little Ki with sheer numbers. If they were brave enough, and decisive enough.

But they were not, and she gave them no time to get their fear under control. No... in fact, she purposefully terrified and intimidated them, killing the first few in the most gruesome and cruel way.

After that... it was a slaughter.

The clay puppets eventually fell, their bodies broken and shattered, but the young woman was relentless.

As Orum stood, motionless, she methodically killed most of the Awakened in the hall. Some tried to escape, but she hunted them down one after another. No one was spared. Her retribution was cruel, thorough, and merciless.

Some time later, the dark hall of the Jade Palace was the scene of a morbid massacre. Dozens of mutilated bodies littered the floor, and a lake of blood gathered on the floor, glistening coldly in the light of crude torches.

Little Ki was standing in the center of that crimson lake, breathing heavily. She was soaked in the blood herself from head to toe — much of this blood was her own, but most was not.

And yet...

I-Ier expression was still calm and indifferent, as if what she had done was nothing special.

As if what she had done was only natural.

It was not the slaughter, but that lack of shock, trauma, and remorse that made Orum feel as if his heart was constricted and full of terror.

This was that they were lake...

The children of the new era.

Those born into the world of the Nightmare Spell.

Frowning deeply, Orum finally moved and walked slowly toward Little Ki... toward Ki Song.

As he approached, he looked at him and smiled.

"Uncle Orie... I am done here. We can take the Gateway next."

She did not even seem to notice how disturbed he was, and had not assumed that he would be.

Orum studied the bleeding corpses silently.

Eventually, he faced her and asked, his voice trembling a little:

"This... this... do you think that this is what your mother would have wanted?" The young woman looked at him strangely.

She frowned a little, as if confused by his question once again.

Then, she shook her head.

"No, of course not. My mother was a very kind person."

Before he could say anything, Ki Song sighed and added, her voice an odd mix of sorrow, longing, and resentment:

"That is why she is dead."

She looked at the people she had killed, gave one of the corpses a kick, and looked at Orum with calm indifference.

"It is just how you have taught us, Uncle Orie. The world is a ruthless place, and the Spell will not show us any mercy. There is no place for kindness in this world."

He shivered slightly, hearing his own words come out of her bloodied

mouth, spoken so easily and with such confidence. As if it was a trivial truth. "That is not... what I meant...‘

But instead of saying that, Orum winced and covered his face with a palm for a moment.

Eventually, he sighed.

"You still made a mistake, Ki Song. Whether they deserved to die or not, you still needed them. One person can't defend a Citadel... you should have executed the leaders and brought others to heel. You need warriors to serve you! Otherwise, the first swarm of Nightmare Creatures will make the Jade Palace their nest." The young woman looked around, then smiled brightly.

"About that... I've been thinking about my Aspect lately, Uncle Orie. These clay puppets we've made, I think they were the wrong solution all along."

Orum frowned, not understanding what she meant.

...He remained confused up until the moment the first of the corpses suddenly moved, and then slowly rose to the ground.

Ki Song rubbed her chin, and then nodded in satisfaction.

"Yes. This works much better."

**********


                                Chapter 1942 Master Orum
--------------------
The last memory of Master Orum Cassie showed Sunny took place several years later. By then, the Jade Palace — now known as Ravenheart — had already become a thriving Citadel, attracting thousands of humans from the eastern reaches of the Dream Realm.

Ki Song herself had become a renowned Awakened, her fame second only to that of those three brilliant stars of her generation — Smile of Heaven, Broken Sword, and Anvil of Valor. Her influence and authority spread all the way to the estuary of the River of Tears, where a Corrupted Terror still dwelled, blocking convenient access to the Stormsea.

The prominent families of the First Generation were already being called the Legacy Clans. Valor, Immortal Flame, and the newly established House of Night were at the height of their power, known as the best among equals. No one called them the Great Clans, yet, but the idea of some distinguished families being a cut above the rest was already apparent.

Clan Song was relatively small and unassuming when compared to these titans. Orum‘s relationship with Ki Song, however... had grown distant over the years. After helping her settle in the newly retaken Jade Palace, he made the long journey back home, where his own Citadel was waiting for him. They still saw each other in the waking world from time to time, but not too often.

It was partially because both were terribly busy with their own affairs, and partially because Orum did not feel completely comfortable around Little Ki anymore. That strange discomfort made him feel both ashamed and conflicted, but he could not do anything about how he felt.

That young woman... frightened him, a little.

Many things happened since the day she massacred the people whom her mother had died to protect. New regions of the Dream Realm were explored and conquered. The number of Awakened continued to grow exponentially. Orum himself finally challenged the Second Nightmare and became a Master, receiving his Legacy Relic as a reward.

His niece turned sixteen and became a carrier of the Nightmare Spell.

Which was why he was now back at the Awakened Academy, preparing to continue educating her in an official capacity.

The first batch of Sleepers had yet to arrive, so there was nothing much for him to do. Orum checked the equipment in the dojo, then visited the medical complex, and finally made his way to the cafeteria to have an early lunch.

His steps slowed down as soon as he entered, though.

That was because there was someone familiar sitting behind one of the tables in the mostly empty dining hall.

Little Ki looked quite different now. She was still young, but the teenage girl he remembered was gone, replaced by a mature young woman. She had to be... twenty-four, twenty-five by now? Her gloomy awkwardness was replaced by confident grace, and her ravishing beauty was impossible to ignore.

Orum hesitated for a moment, then put on a smile and headed in her direction. "Awakened Song. It is so nice to see you, young lady... how have you been?" Her own charming smile seemed quite sincere.

"Master Orum! I didn't expect to run into you here. I am doing well, thank you... what about you?"

He sighed.

"My niece has just conquered her First Nightmare, so I am back at the Academy to help prepare her for the winter solstice. But what brings you here? Are you planning to teach a class or consulting one of the specialists?"

Ki Song leaned back a little, glanced at the empty chairs surrounding her table, and echoed his sigh.

"No. I am meeting a few colleagues to discuss an important matter. We chose the Academy to reminisce a little. Sadly, they seem to be running a little late... well, their time can be said to be more valuable than mine."

There was a gentle suggestion of dissatisfaction in her voice.

Orum remained silent for a moment, then smiled.

"Well, I'll scold them if you want. For now, though, I'll leave you and go get something to eat... we should catch up after your meeting is over, though. I really want to hear all about how your Citadel is doing."

The shallow politeness of their conversation pained him deeply. But at the same time, he felt a little relieved to have a way out.

Orum excused himself and went to take a seat a few tables away.

By the time his food arrived, a few new faces appeared in the cafeteria.

It was a very august reunion.

Smile and Heaven and Broken Sword — his former students — arrived first. The two had been attached at the hip ever since their days at the Academy, but were officially married now.

They were a beautiful couple, indeed.

Broken Sword spoke first, his calm voice too strong and confident to be ignored: "Awakened Song. Please forgive us for being late."

Smile of Heaven grinned and landed on a chair next to Ki Song, grasping her shoulder in a friendly manner.

"Song! I haven't seen you in ages... since the wedding, I think? What, did you not like the cake? Impossible... mom personally made that cake..."

Not long after, two more people arrived.

One was Anvil of Valor, as composed and serious as ever, while the other... the other was an unfamiliar youth with a pleasant smile on his lips. Orum would have mistaken him for one of the Sleepers who were supposed to arrive at the Academy in the next few days, if not for the fact that the teenager was obviously already an Awakened.

The two of them took their places across from Broken Sword and Smile of Heaven, Anvil greeting everyone with a few short words.

The five Awakened remained silent for a few moments, but then Broke Sword suddenly slapped Anvil on the shoulder and smiled brightly.

"Congratulations! I hear you're a father now. Gods, you didn't waste any time, did you, Vale? I can't believe you have a son..."

Anvil glanced coldly at his shoulder, then cleared his throat.

"Well. Yes. In any case... we should discuss the preparations, shouldn't we? You know that I have invited Awakened Song to join us. Naturally, she needs no introduction — we all know how excellent Ki is. This young man, however..." He looked at the smiling youth, lingered for a moment, and then added calmly: "This is Asterion. We met in Bastion, and I believe that he will be of great help when we challenge the Second Nightmare..."

****

Orum‘s memory ended there. He moved further away to avoid eavesdropping on the conversation, not knowing that what he was witnessing was the inception of the legendary cohort that would shake the foundations of the world.

After that, Sunny found himself back in the damp cell, looking into Cassie's beautiful blue eyes through Orum's own. The ironclad figure of the King of Sword towered behind her — both familiar and unrecognizably changed.

The features of the young man Orum had once taught could still be recognized on the somber face of the Sovereign, but just barely. Anvil's gaze was infinitely heavier than it had been once, and there was no hint of human emotions in it anymore.

Only the cold indifference of sharpened steel.

Cassie lingered for a moment, feeling tired and drained of essence. There were other spies she would have to interrogate, too...

She sighed, and then rose from her knees. Taking a step back, she faced Anvil. "...l have learned what you asked for, Your Majesty."

Cassie lingered for a moment before adding:

"For what it's worth, Master Orum's family does not seem to be aware of his actions. Saint Helie... her loyalty was not compromised."

Anvil gave her a curt nod and stepped closer to Orum, looking down at him with a cold expression.

When he spoke, however, a hint of emotion finally found its way into his usually even voice:

"...Was it worth it, teacher? To betray your own for that woman? I wonder what she had offered you to change sides."

Orum looked up at him and smiled darkly, no sign of fear or regret written on his weathered face.

After a few moments of silence, he said slowly:

"Worth it? Sure... I guess it was. I finally managed to repay my debt, at least." Anvil took a deep breath and looked away.

"You are a fool. She is a monster, don't you know? To her, people's lives have little value. She'll gladly rule the living, but if that's not an option... she'll rule the dead, as well. Did you really wish to leave your family in a world she would create?"

Orum looked at him for a while, then snarled, his eyes turning cold with contempt.

"A monster? All of you are monsters. But she... sees us as people, at least. To you, we're all just tools to be studied, used, and reforged. We're merely your swords. Say what you will about that girl, but Little Ki... she has never treated people as objects. Look at her daughters. She has done right by them."

He looked at Anvil with pity and smiled.

His smile was pale and sad, but there was also a hint of defiant pride in his tired eyes.

"...What have you done? What kind of heartless world are you going to create?" Anvil stared down at the old man from above, not saying anything.

The silence stretched for a few moments, but then...

Something moved.

Cassie felt piercing pain and flinched, her hand jerking up to grasp her neck. At the same time, her vision spun.

For a moment, she saw the stone roof of the chamber, then its damp wall, then the floor. And finally, a body falling over, surrounded by the rattling of chains. Then, Cassie was blind once again.

She was standing motionlessly near the King of Swords, while Master Orum... Master Orum‘s beheaded body lay at her feet.

He was dead.

The nauseating stench of blood assaulted Cassie's nostrils, and she held her breath.

Then, she raised her hands and hid her eyes behind her blue blindfold. Somewhere near, Anvil let out a heavy sigh.

He remained silent for a dozen seconds, then turned to her, regaining his emotionless composure.

His voice sounded calm:

"Lady Cassia... there are more prisoners waiting to be interrogated. If you will." She allowed herself to linger for a moment, and then bowed her head respectfully.

"...Yes, my king."

**********


                                Chapter 1943 Raven Queen
--------------------
Cassie released her Transformation, and Sunny was finally freed from the torrent of alien memories.

He exhaled slowly and looked away, staring into the distance with an absent expression.

Witnessing human memories was not at all like reading a book or watching a recording — they were often vague and disjointed, sometimes withered and shallow, sometimes fresh and intensely vivid. It was hard to make sense of them, and it was even harder to fathom their every nuance.

Sunny was still reeling from receiving such a great amount of information in such a short amount of time.

What was more... he was still reeling from witnessing the life of Master Orum.

It was such a strange thing. The old man was a complete stranger to him, and yet, Sunny felt so close to him. How could he not, after experiencing what Cassie had gleaned?

It was because of this unearned closeness that Sunny felt shaken by Orum's death at the hands of the King of Swords.

As if he had lost an old friend.

He sighed and looked down, considering Master Orum's long life and bitter death.

It felt wrong, for a member of the First Generation to die so ingloriously, hidden from everyone's sight in a small stone cell... by another human's hand. The old man had witnessed so much, had fought so hard, and had survived so many dreadful ordeals. He had lived through the darkest days of humanity and saw a new world being built on the ruins of the old one.

And yet, his storied life had come to such a grievous end.

At least he had been at peace, in those last moments. He had perished loyal his principles, finally at ease for having repaid the debt to his long-lost friend.

That did not really do anything to assuage the bitterness Sunny felt... but it was at least something.

Orum had cared deeply about Ravenheart and her daughter, after all.

'Ki Song.'

Sunny wondered if the Queen of Worms cared about the old man, in turn. Would his death sadden her, like it had saddened him? Or was the shy little girl Orum had met once, a long time ago, completely gone?

Replaced by a Supreme being whose heart and mind were closer to those of a deity than those of a human, and therefore devoid of humanity...

Sunny did not know.

His thoughts drifted to Ki Song herself.

Cassie had not been wrong — they learned a lot about the Sovereigns, and Ki Song in particular, from Master Orum's memories.

Her roots, her scars... the details of her Aspect, the formative experiences that had made her who she was today. Of course, there was plenty Sunny did not know about the Queen of Song, since there were vast swathes of her life that Orum had not been privy to. But he knew enough to infer many things.

In fact, there was almost too much for him to mull over.

He did not even know where to start.

'First... her character.'

Queen Song was without a doubt an entirely different being from the person Little Ki had been. Time changed people, and so did impactful events... and she had experienced plenty of those. More than most people ever would.

If even the world itself had been fundamentally altered by the things Ki Song had lived through and made happen, how could she have remained the same? And that was not even accounting for the inevitable changes that walking the Path of Ascension caused.

Both Sunny and Cassie were examples of how deeply people transformed as a result of attaining higher Ranks. The way they lived, thought, and perceived the world was quite different from mundane humans. Ki Song, meanwhile, had walked down the Path of Ascension much further than they had... than any human of the waking world had, except for the other two Sovereigns.

...And yet, some things about a person never changed.

'If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles.'

Was that not what Nephis had told him once, in the depths of the Third Nightmare?

Sunny would not go as far as to say that he knew Ki Song now, but he knew her a fair bit.

She had been born in the year of the Nightmare Spell's descent. Her mother had been a benevolent, but solitary Awakened warrior. Ravenheart spent most of her time in the Dream Realm, so Ki Song must have felt lonely, growing up near her quietly humming sleeping pod.

And yet, she had loved her mother fiercely. She had also felt proud of her, because her mother was one of the most powerful Awakened in the world... but not the most powerful.

It did not escape Sunny's attention how neglected young Ki Song had felt in the company of the true aristocrats like Anvil and Smile of Heaven. It must have been an awkward position for a child to be in — to come from a family that was prominent enough to be included in the gatherings of the nascent Legacy Clans, but not prominent enough to garner much respect or attention from them.

Especially considering her talent, which was in no way inferior to those who were seen as her betters.

And then, there was Ravenheart's tragic death, and the ruthless retribution young Ki Song had delivered to those who had stood by and done nothing while her mother was dying.

It was funny... Orum had been terrified by her callous disregard for the sanctity of human life and her cruel ruthlessness, but Sunny did not see anything wrong with it. Sure, Ki Song did not only kill those directly responsible for stealing her inheritance, but also every bystander who had failed to help Ravenheart...

However, Sunny was not at all certain that he would have been any more merciful if someone's cowardice contributed to Rain's death. In fact, he would have probably been much more ruthless.

That just went to show that the new generations were indeed different from those born before the Nightmare Spell... for better or for worse.

In any case, although Orum's memories did not show what had happened after the massacre in the Jade Palace, Sunny already knew a lot, and could deduce the rest.

In the span of several years, Ki Song had elevated the status of her Citadel to one of the most populous human strongholds in the East. She slowly expanded her sphere of influence, clearing routes through the Dream Realm to connect various Citadels to each other, and became the cornerstone of human forces there, just like Warden of Valor and Bastion were in the West.

At some point, she joined Broken Sword's cohort and challenged the Second Nightmare, becoming a Master and earning wide renown. Following that, Ki Song defeated the Corrupted Terror ruling the estuary of the River of Tears, opening the path to the Stormsea and strengthening the ties between the East and the West.

Thus helping all Awakened deepen their roots in the inhospitable soil of the Dream Realm.

While Anvil was waging war against the Dark Forest and leading human conquest of new territories in the north, she was busy working on developing the basin of the River of Tears and strengthening human position there. That helped Clan Song soar to the pinnacle of prominence.

...And at some point during those years, she had also found and claimed the divine lineage of Beast God.

**********


                                Chapter 1944 Footsteps of War
--------------------
Sunny did not miss the fact that neither Ravenheart nor her daughter had seemed to possess the lineage in the early years of the Nightmare Spell era. At the Academy, Orum had noted that Smile of Heaven and Anvil were exhibiting unexplainable physical prowess and strength... but Ki Song was not.

That was because by then, Immortal Flame had already claimed the Lineage Memory of Sun God, while Warden of Valor had already found the Lineage Memory of War God. Nighwalker, meanwhile, had most likely already gained the Lineage Memory of Storm God.

Sunny did not know how Ki Song earned the Lineage Memory of her own or where, but she definitely had not inherited a divine bloodline, like Smile of Heaven and Anvil did. Instead, she found it at some point after Awakening, just like their parents had.

Then, she followed Broken Sword into the Third Nightmare and attained Sainthood. By then, Clan Song would have already been considered one of the Great Clans.

And then, finally... after both Smile of Heaven and Broken Sword were gone... the Raven Queen would be born in the crucible of the Fourth Nightmare, cementing her power over the world.

It was admirable, really. Sunny could not help but feel awe at what that woman had achieved. He would have applauded Ki Song... if he wasn't planning to kill her, and was therefore at great risk of being killed by her first.

If anything, Sunny would have dearly preferred if his adversary was less outstanding.

He rubbed his face and sighed.

Sunny felt a little conflicted now that the enemy he had been thinking about so much had a face in his mind. Both Ki Song and Anvil — despite how valuable it was to have seen where they had come from, it was harder to hate them after witnessing them as children and inexperienced youths.

But, at the same time, it only made him resent them more. Because he had seen the world of their youth, with all its countless possibilities... and knew what they had turned it into, in the end.

Regardless...

Knowing what he now knew about Ki Song now , he felt that he could understand her actions in the war a little better, and maybe even predict what she would do next, to some degree.

Sunny looked at Cassie.

"Her Flaw..."

Although Little Ki had never confessed it to Orum, there were a few hints. Witnessing the old man's memories and knowing how her life would turn out in the future, he could make a cautious guess.

Cassie leaned back in her chair.

"It has to be connected to family, right?"

Sunny nodded.

"Right."

Back then, Ki Song had just lost her mother and faced her First Nightmare almost immediately after. There, she earned her Aspect, and her Flaw.

Her expression had changed subtly when she told Orum that she did not have a family anymore... as if she wanted to say that she would never have one again, either.

Had Ki Song adopted Seishan and other orphan girls because she was unable to have children of her own?

That would be a bitter Flaw to bear for someone that lonely, indeed.

Of course, Sunny could not be sure.

He frowned.

"That is... not exactly what I was hoping for. If that is indeed her Flaw, it won't be easy to exploit."

Cassie sighed.

"But not impossible."

Her expression turned somber.

"You did not miss it, did you?"

Sunny slowly shook his head, knowing what she was talking about.

Perhaps the most important detail of Orum's memories did not have anything to do with Ki Song, actually.

Instead, it had to do with Anvil.

Due to the fact that Ki Song had been a lonesome child and slaughtered everyone who could have known her well, there weren't any people Sunny and Cassie could seek out to learn more about her most important secrets. Even her daughters might not know much about their regal mother.

But it was different for Anvil. Orum remembered that the youngest son of the founder of Clan Valor had been entrusted to his father's comrades soon after Awakening, to be trained by them and gain experience in the Dream Realm.

Those people would know more about him than anyone else. So, if Sunny and Cassie wanted to learn the weakness of the King of Sword, they were the ones that had to be found.

Sunny stared at Cassie with a heavy expression.

"...How many members of the Warden's cohort are still alive?"

She let out a heavy sigh.

"Many prominent Awakened of the First Generation perished while trying to conquer the Third Nightmare, as you know... including Warden of Valor himself. That is why there are so few of them around. As for his cohort — as far as I know, there's only one person left. We must get to him."

Sunny lingered for a moment.

"You're not suggesting that we should kidnap Saint Jest, are you?"

Cassie raised an eyebrow.

"Why? Has the old man's amiable act fooled you?"

Sunny slowly shook his head.

"Not really."

She leaned forward a little.

"Good. Because he is more sinister than you can imagine, and probably the most prolific killer of this era. Worst of all, there are people loyal to Valor, and then there's Jest of Dagonet. His devotion to the King is absolute. So... whether we like it or not, he'll turn his malice toward us sooner or later."

Sunny looked at her with a grim expression.

"That might be true, but he is a Saint and one of Anvil's most trusted people. I doubt that he'll share what he knows voluntarily, so how do you expect us to take him without Anvil noticing?"

Cassie grimaced, then shrugged.

"The war is chaotic. There will be an opportunity, I'm sure."

Her voice sounded determined, but tired. She had been exhausted even before showing Sunny Orum's memories, and her fatigue must have only grown worse as a result.

He closed his eyes for a moment.

There was a lot to think about. He would have to go over everything he had learned, examining each event and every detail for hints he had missed. He would have to contemplate all of it deeply, as well.

Of course... Nephis would have to be brought up to speed, too.

Sunny suddenly looked at Cassie.

"These memories... will you show them to Nephis?"

She nodded silently.

A sigh escaped from Sunny's lips.

"...Good."

These scenes were merely a source of information for them.

But for Nephis, they would be something more.

She had lost her father as a young child, after all. As for her mother, Nephis had never met her at all — the only image of Smile of Heaven she had was that of a hollow shell.

Seeing them like Sunny and Cassie had seen them in Orum's memories, young and happy, would mean a lot for Changing Star... the last daughter of the Immortal Flame Clan.

Sunny sighed, feeling a little happy for Nephis.

But also a little envious of her.

After all, there was no one in the world who remembered his own parents. The only image of them that remained was hidden in his own memory, growing more blurry with each year.

Raising from his chair, Sunny threw one last look at Cassie and turned away.

"Rest well, Cas. And... good job. We indeed learned a lot today."

Leaving her chambers, he descended the stairs and exited the Ivory Tower.

Outside, the warcamp of the Sword Army was boiling with activity.

The war raged on.

In fact...

Now that both Domains had descended into Godgrave, it was about to grow much fiercer.

**********


                                Chapter 1945: Spreading Domains
--------------------
The nature of war did indeed change after the invading armies of humanity conquered two of the ancient Citadels in Godgrave.

The authority of the King of Swords now stretched from east to west, covering vast areas of the Collarbone Plain and the Breastbone Reach. Anvil had waged a terrifying battle against the inhabitants of the Hollows after arriving at the smoldering ruins of the Citadel, eventually clearing a safe area around the lake. The lake itself grew shallow and drained in a few days, though, turning into a nearly impassable marsh.

The Sword Army established a secondary camp above the closest fissure and stationed a formidable garrison to guard the Gateway in the Hollows. From there, they started a tentative exploration of pathways to the remaining two Citadels once situated far below, in the spine of the dead deity, the other at the very edges of the Sea of Ash, on one of the titanic's skeleton femurs. Neither were easy to reach, let alone conquer. The path to the Spine Ocean was perilous and hard to navigate, while the dark waters below were home to untold horrors. The femur Citadel in the south was relatively easier to reach, especially considering that the Nameless Temple, the stronghold of the Lord of Shadows, was located on the southernmost point of the Breastbone Reach.

However, the territory of the Cursed Tyrant, Condemnation, lay between the lands conquered by the Sword Army and the Nameless Temple. There were other Cursed Ones dwelling in the Hollows, as well even the Sovereigns did not dare to provoke those beings lightly.

So, the conquest of the King of Swords was temporarily stalled.

On the other side of Godgrave, the impact of the Song Army was similarly growing.

Seishan and Death Singer had conquered the Citadel in the western part of the Collarbone Plain, finally allowing the Song Domain to descend upon Godgrave… and for the Queen of Worms to appear personally, as well.

The battered soldiers of Song were saved from the depths of despair by the arrival of their Queen. Immediately after appearing, she slew a Great Demon and eradicated the stampede of Nightmare Creatures threatening to swallow the trapped expedition force, rescuing both the exhausted warriors and her two daughters.

And Rain, who had been fighting on the frontline with the Seventh Legion.

The dire pressure on the entire Song Army drastically reduced now that they were supported by Ki Song and her Domain. Their precarious position in the west of the Collarbone Plain had become nearly unassailable, and the territories conquered by them were slowly encroaching on the northern boundary of the Breastbone Reach.

Of course, the Song Army was also aiming for the two remaining Citadels. They had almost no hope of reaching the Citadel in the south before the forces of Valor due to sheer distance, but the one in the spine of the dead deity was still within their reach.

On paper, Song still seemed like the losing side. After all, they only controlled one Citadel in Godgrave, cornered on the western part of the Collarbone Plain. The Sword Army, meanwhile, controlled three or two and a half, if one considered the lukewarm loyalty of the Lord of Shadows its vast sphere of influence dwarfing that of Song and stretching all the way from the eastern edge of the dead deity's collarbone to the southern boundary of the Breastbone Reach.

However, if one looked beyond the mere marking on the map, the strength of the two armies would seem more or less equal.

While the Song Army controlled much less territory, it also possessed many more Saints. More than that, Prince Mordret was still besieging his father's Domain from the south. His seemingly inevitable march north had been halted by the tall walls of Bastion — for now but no one knew how long Princess Morgan would be able to contain the terrifying power of her traitorous brother. The outcome of the war was still uncertain, and the future of the world still hung in fragile balance.

Which was good news for Sunny and Nephis, who needed the Sovereigns to weaken each other.

The three leaders of the Sword Army's expedition force had temporarily parted ways.

The Lord of Shadows was dispatched back to the Nameless Temple in order to defend it and prepare raids on the supply lines of the Song Army, just like he had been supposed to do before the fall of the House of Night. Summer Knight was left in charge of the lesser camp of the Sword Army in the Breastbone Reach.

Nephis was eventually sent back to the main camp in order to mobilize the fresh forces there and helm the expansion of the Sword Domain's territory.

It was then that Sunny learned a peculiar fact about the Domains — something that he had not known before.

In his mind, the territory of a Domain had always been strictly dictated by the power of its ruler and the location of loyal Citadels. Sunny had usually imagined the influence of a Sovereign akin to his own shadow sense as a formless sphere that spread to a certain distance, centered around its source.

Only, in the case of Supreme Domains supported by the Nightmare Spell, their source were the Sovereigns themselves, while each Citadel that belonged to them served as a powerful relay that increased the reach of their authority.

But reality turned out to be more nuanced than that.

Not only did the Citadels channel the power of the Sovereigns, but each of their subjects anchored at those Citadels was a vessel of their Domains, as well. At least that was what Sunny had surmised after observing the movements of both armies.

Perhaps there was a more complicated process involved, but the truth remained the same — the more ground the soldiers gained, burning down the scarlet jungle and establishing fortified strongholds on the surface of the ancient bone, the further the reach of the Domains spread.

The increase was minuscule when compared to the benefit of having a Citadel nearby, but still significant. Now, the previous orders of both Anvil and Ki Song made more sense to Sunny. Laboriously conquering the territory between the main warcamp and the fissure leading to the Garden Castle had not been simply for the sake of helping the army entrench itself in Godgrave and provide reliable support for the frontline fighters — it was also to help the Sword Domain stretch, uninterrupted, all the way from northeast to center of the Breastbone Reach as soon as the Citadel was conquered.

Now that it did…

Both armies continued to push the scarlet jungle back and claim more and more land.

The Song Domain was spreading south, toward the territory of the Sword Domain. The Sword Domain was spreading north, toward the territory of the Song Domain.

Which meant that the two armies were going to clash soon.

The scarlet infestation would not be their only enemy in Godgrave for much longer.

…There were still a few days left before that happened, though.

And Sunny was determined to use these few days well. In particular, he hoped to thoroughly explore the unexpected benefits he had earned in the battle against Revel, pushing his mastery of weaving to a new level.

**********


                                Chapter 1946: Divine Shadow.
--------------------
Although the battle in the Hollows had dealt a heavy blow to the Sword Army, Sunny himself received quite a boon as a result of facing Revel and her true darkness. Robbed of most of his powers, he had been forced to rely on his Shadows to prevail, and discovered a new facet of his Aspect in the process.

That timely discovery had helped Sunny defeat the daughter of Ki Song… but its repercussions were much wider than a momentary triumph. He felt that the ability to augment his Shadows and his Memories personally could potentially propel his mastery of Shadow Dance and weaving to new heights.

In fact, Sunny suspected that he had stumbled onto one of the cornerstones of what a divine shadow like him was meant to be. Not that he was obliged to follow someone else's designs — he had done quite well by being his own independent person so far, after all, instead of acting as a loyal minion of the being casting him.

Even if his Aspect originated directly from Shadow God, it was folly to assume that a long-dead deity had known better what its uses would be in the distant and dire future of the Nightmare Spell.

Still, the discovery held so much promise that it left Sunny impatient, giddy with anticipation, and almost breathless. He felt something that he had not felt in a while — the pure excitement of an explorer. Even if what he was going to explore were the depths of his own power, it was still uncharted territory.

The Lord of Shadows had returned to the Nameless Temple, and Nephis was still on her way back to the main camp of the Sword Army. So, Master Sunless had little to do for now — locking himself in the basement of the Marvelous Mimic, Sunny dedicated himself to research and experimentation.

There were two avenues he wanted to explore.

The first one was his newly discovered ability to augment his Shadows, which allowed him to gain a profoundly deep understanding of their physical nature. It also allowed him a glimpse into the nature of their powers and mindset, albeit to a more shallow degree — for now, at least.

Needless to say, such a source of profound knowledge about how the bodies of his Shadows were built and functioned could potentially do wonders for his ability to construct faithful Shadow Shells, as well as push the intricacy of his control over Shadow Manifestation to a new level.

Sunny suspected that the path to the next step of Shadow Dance lay in that direction.

Right now, his Shells were a crude fusion of emulation and improvisation. His most natural Shell, for example, was the giant version of himself — Sunny knew his own body the best, after all, so reconstructing it was relatively easy.

Which was not to say that it was simple. Many things went into building this powerful Shell, from deep knowledge of human anatomy, material science, and basic physics to more esoteric subjects like souls, essence, and will. Much of that complexity was miraculously solved by Shadow Dance, but the process still required a lot of conscious effort from Sunny.

A Shadow Shell was not a perfect replica of the original, but it was close enough. For example, Sunny did not need to recreate things like the heart, the blood, and the digestive system when turning into the Shadow Colossus — however, he did need to create a semblance of things like bone structure, musculature, tendons, and so on.

That was how the Shadow Colossus was able to move and fight effectively. The foundation was rebuilt, while all the parts that Sunny neglected to shape were substituted by the intricate use of Shadow Control, and the whole Shell was empowered by his essence.

Of course, building such a complicated Shell required him to get inventive with using Shadow Manifestation, as well. Sunny had gotten quite adept at manifesting shadows in various ways, manipulating not only their shape, but also their physical attributes.

He could easily control such traits of the manifested shadows as rigidity, elasticity, viscosity, density, and so on. He could make them rough or slippery, solid or fluid, dense or porous… of course, there were limits to how sophisticated these manipulations were.

Sunny could manifest a shadow as a liquid, but he could not make it resemble water in all regards. He could make the surface of a manifested shadow slippery, but he could not turn it into actual ice. While sufficient for his purposes, his ability to finely control the physical attributes of shadows was relatively crude.

…This was going to change now.

While augmenting Saint, Sunny had sensed the structure and composition of her stonelike body with stunning clarity, as if it was his own. Even greater than that, really, considering the mystical nature and legendary origin of his taciturn Shadow.

Those turbulent moments alone had given him some insight into how to improve his Shadow Manifestation and potentially build a Shell of a Stone Saint, one superior in quality and faithfulness than any other Shell he had created before. The benefit did not end there, though — on the contrary, that spark of inspiration was merely the appetizer.

Sunny could also augment Fiend, Nightmare, and Marvelous Mimic, learning more about how their bodies were constructed. The more comprehensive examples he had to compare, the more he would be able to understand and infer, and the better his skill would eventually become.

And there lay the source of his excitement…

Because he had Serpent.

And Serpent could assume the forms of thousands of creatures whose silent shadows dwelled in Sunny's soul, waiting to become fuel for his development.

«…I've struck a jackpot.»

What Sunny now possessed was basically a vast library of all kinds of beings, all ready to be studied and fathomed by him. From the Mountain King to the abominations of Godgrave, he could potentially learn from them all.

And by attaining all that knowledge… who knew what Sunny would be able to achieve?

He couldn't even imagine.

Or rather… maybe he could.

Standing in the basement of the Brilliant Emporium, Sunny suddenly shivered. His eyes widened a little, full of shock and fear, glistening with ambition and greed.

«Shadow Dance.»

He had often wondered, of course, what the final form of Shadow Dance was supposed to be. He had already mastered four of its steps, but three still remained, both alluring and elusive.

The first four steps of Shadow Dance were about sensing the essence of a being to shadow their mind, skill, and overall form. The fourth step in particular had allowed Sunny to delve into the physical structure of creatures both deeper and faster, which allowed him to shadow them more perfectly by assuming the same shape as them through the use of Shadow Shell.

But there was a glaring difference between the forms Sunny assumed and the beings he endeavored to shadow.

It was that he could not replicate their Attributes, Aspects, and mystical powers.

He could become a five-meter tall adamantine troll to resemble Fiend, but he could not breathe out jets of infernal flame.

…But what if he could?

If he was supposed to be a divine shadow, then what was the shadow of a god supposed to look like? Was it supposed to only replicate the general shape of the being casting it, or was it supposed to replicate more?

All of it, perhaps?

Overwhelmed by these thoughts, Sunny made a tentative guess about what the final form of Shadow Dance was meant to be. It was the ability to become a true shadow of a being — all of them, including their mystical powers and authorities — not just their shape.

The fifth step of Shadow Dance, then…

Would have to encompass the ability to shadow a being's Attributes.

Some of them, at least.

**********


                                Chapter 1947: Formlessness
--------------------
Sunny's theory that mastering the remaining steps of Shadow Dance would allow him to shadow the Attributes and Aspects of other people, as well as profane powers of Nightmare Creatures, was not built entirely on pure conjecture.

Sure, his intuition was telling him he was right, but sadly, his intuition was not what it used to be now that Sunny was cut off from fate.

However, there was also something that corroborated his theory. A piece of information that Sunny had noted a long time ago, but never managed to explain before now.

It was the scope of powers that the Mad Prince had seemed to possess.

The Mad Prince, Sunny's own past self, had been a Corrupted Titan. He had attained Transcendence — or rather, descended into the abyss of Corruption — all on his own. He had also formed the Titan Core in the depths of the Tomb of Ariel, somehow, despite the dire number of shadow fragments that would have required.

Sunny himself was currently facing the problem of how slow the process of building a new Shadow Core was, so he knew very well what the easiest way to absorb a vast amount of shadow fragments would be.

It was to slay other shadow creatures.

So, he had a strong suspicion that the Mad Prince had slain his own Shadows to become a Titan. Considering that none of the Shadows had been heard of by the people of the Great River, that suspicion was all but confirmed.

So, then…

How had the Mad Prince been able to visit Ananke in her dreams and instruct her where to meet Sunny and Nephis? If Nightmare had been killed, then he wouldn't have been able to use the black steed's [Dreamwalker] Attribute.

Unless the Mad Prince had learned how to shadow that Attribute.

It made sense, in hindsight. The vile madman had spent hundreds of years in the Tomb of Ariel, and while many paths to advancing his power were not available there, one path remained wide open — because it depended on nothing and no one except Sunny himself.

It was to deepen his mastery of his own powers.

Sunny did not know how many years exactly the Mad Prince — the last version of the Mad Prince, to be precise — had spent on the Great River. But if his mastery of weaving had grown sufficient to create the mind-boggling Estuary Key, then it must have been a long, long time.

So, he could have mastered more steps of Shadow Dance, as well.

Ananke must have called him a Sword Saint for a reason.

«Crazy bastard.»

While Sunny did not really want to follow in the footsteps of his past demented self, the Mad Prince was proof of what the future held.

Thinking about him made Sunny feel hopeful about the potential of Shadow Dance, but also reminded him to be careful.

«Slow and steady.»

Taking a deep breath, he remained motionless for a few moments, and then summoned Saint, Fiend, and Serpent.

In the next several hours, Sunny conducted a lot of different experiments. He told himself not to hurry, but his excitement and drive were too powerful. In the end, he spent more essence than he had planned to, and brought himself to greater mental exhaustion than what was wise.

His eyes were still full of excitement, though, despite the fact that these early results were incremental at best.

The first thing Sunny confirmed was that augmenting his Shadows was indeed an excellent method to improve the intricacy of his Shadow Manifestation. The stone-like flesh of Saint, the steel body of Fiend, and the countless shapes Serpent could assume were like a practical guide for making the shadows he manifested more sophisticated.

Of course, it was not an instantaneous success, but rather gradual progress. Sunny would have to practice much more to elevate Shadow Manifestation to an entirely new level — in fact, the sheer amount of practice he would have to undertake was a little daunting. But that was irrelevant. The only important fact was that he had discovered a reliable and effective method of improvement.

With that, the hardest part was already behind him… the hardest part of this one relatively minor challenge, that was.

What came next was actually implementing this new skill to create a more faithful versions of Shadow Shells. For now, Sunny concentrated on two new prototypes — one Shell emulating the Onyx Saint, and another one emulating Fiend. The goal was not simply to copy their outward appearance and body structure, but to bring everything about these Shells closer to the originals.

So, for the Stone Saint Shell, Sunny tried to replicate the stone-like properties of Saint's body. For the Scavenger Shell, Sunny tried to make the manifested shadows comprising it as similar to blessed steel as possible.

It was an entirely new experience for him. He had freely manipulated the properties of his manifested shadows before, making them as hard as tempered steel or as soft as feather down, but he had never tried to emulate a material flawlessly. Augmenting the Shadows with an actively controlled incarnation was certainly of great help, but still, the process was immensely difficult and elusive.

Nevertheless, Sunny was making good progress. He was especially attuned to the traits of Saint's stone-like body — most likely because he was somewhat familiar with them due to his own Onyx Shell. After a while, Sunny was able to make something that might not have been exactly like what he wanted to achieve, but at least resembled it closely.

It was a good result for the first day of experimentation.

Trying to replicate Fiend's steel carapace was somewhat harder, but Sunny had a lot of experience in emulating metals, as well. After all, one of the most persistent uses of Shadow Manifestation in his arsenal was the creation of weapons for him to wield — so, he possessed relevant experience in that field too, just on a more shallow level.

Considering that Fiend had inherited some of his most fundamental traits by munching on Sunny's own flesh all the way back in Antarctica, there were similarities between his towering four-armed body and the Shadowspawn Shell. So, Sunny experimented both with replicating the gluttonous Shadow's form and with modifying his very first Shell to resemble it in a few ways.

In the process, he also spent several minutes standing motionlessly, basking in the feeling of sharing a Supreme creature's ferocious power.

Sunny had a little hope that augmenting a Supreme Devil would instantly reveal the secrets of Supremacy to him, but sadly, that was not the case. Although it was indeed a new and startling experience, Fiend was not a Sovereign.

Creatures like him were different from humans, and followed a different path… and even though Fiend did possess a nascent will capable of influencing the world, he was too young and inexperienced to truly be in command of it. In fact, Sunny felt that his own will was infinitely more robust and domineering than that of his Shadow, even if it lost in terms of potency.

There was also something about the very fact of being a Shadow that made Fiend different from the Great Nightmare Creatures Sunny had faced before — something that he could not quite explain, but nevertheless felt like a limitation.

Sunny did not dwell on that vague feeling for long, adding it to the pile of unanswered and barely formed questions he would hopefully get to explore later. Instead, he returned to his current experiments.

Next in line… was Serpent.

Sunny turned to the serpentine Shadow and smiled widely, his eyes gleaming so dangerously that it hissed in alarm.

A few hours later, however, Sunny furiously rubbed his temples and let out a frustrated sigh.

«Damn it. Damn!»

**********


                                Chapter 1948: Familiar Barrier
--------------------
Serpent was indeed of immeasurable value to Sunny in his endeavor to master the next step of Shadow Dance. Given its ability to assume the form of any shadow resting in Sunny's soul — those equal or inferior to Serpent in Class and Rank, at least — the Legacy Shadow could be used to gain access to a vast repository of shapes for its master to study in profound detail.

As long as Sunny was using an incarnation to augment Serpent, he could experience complete unity with countless beings, from Dormant Beasts to Corrupted Terrors.

In fact… now that Sunny considered it, wasn't Serpent's [Formless] Ability more or less identical to what he was trying to accomplish? What he wanted to achieve was to learn how to mimic not only the outward shape of a being, but also their Attributes and mystical powers. And that was what Serpent had been able to do all along.

The final goal had been in front of Sunny all that time.

The problem, however…

Was that the same obstacle that had prevented him from slowly learning the essence of Serpent's forms with the help of Shadow Dance in the past was preventing him from truly delving into the state of unity with these beings now — the threat of losing himself in the formlessness, forgetting who he was and what separated him from the beings he shadowed.

If anything, the risk was even more dire now, because he was not simply peering into the essence of the alien beings. Instead, he was fusing with them entirely, becoming one with their bestial forms.

Sunny had managed to maintain a strong hold of his sense of self while experiencing the state of unity with Saint and Fiend — perhaps because they had been born of his Aspect and dwelled within his soul, to begin with. Augmenting Serpent was not a problem, either — it was just when Serpent used [Formless] that he was suddenly overwhelmed by the feeling of otherness.

Sunny persisted for quite some time, then uttered a few curses and called his incarnation back. He stared at Serpent for a while with a grim expression, then clicked his tongue and looked away.

«I am still cripplied…»

Being banished from the Nightmare Spell and losing his True Name was still making life hard for him, even after all these years. Sunny thought that he had finally managed to adapt to his fateless existence well enough, but now that an alluring opportunity was right in front of him, his deficiency was showing its ugly head once again.

He remained motionless for a while, then let out another resentful sigh.

«Whatever. I'll find a way to break through this barrier eventually… there are plenty of other things for me to explore right now, anyway.»

In fact, with everything else he had to do, diving into the endless well of knowledge contained within the [Formless] Ability of his serpentine Shadow might have been too much for him at the moment … even with seven bodies, Sunny was in no position to explore it thoroughly just yet.

He continued to experiment with building the Stone Saint Shell and the Scavenger Shell for a while, eventually losing track of time. Sunny even chose to augment the Marvelous Mimic, becoming a transdimensional house for a short while…

That was quite a bizarre experience, to say the least.

If Nightmare had not been busy lulling a Cursed One to sleep, Sunny would have summoned him here, as well.

…Eventually, something thundered in the basement, and the entire Brilliant Emporium shook a little.

Aiko, who had been sleeping on an opulent wooden chair, flinched and floated into the air. Wiping drool off her face, she looked around in a daze.

«What, no way! I wasn't sitting in your precious chair!»

Noticing that there was no one around, she calmed down a little… only to notice that the door to the basement was open, revealing a dark entrance.

An insidious voice resounded from the darkness, making her skin crawl.

«Hey, Aiko… can you come down for a moment?»

The petite woman hesitated a bit, suddenly uneasy.

«Uh, boss…. actually, I have to leave… urgently. My great dog is terribly sick and my family aunt has been run over by a PTV… wait, no, the other way around…»

The darkness spoke again:

«It won't take long. Come down…»

Aiko let out a heavy sigh and glided into the basement with a resigned expression.

Her boss was sitting on the floor with a mad look on his face and a frightening glint on his eyes.

She landed softly on the floor and scratched the back of her head.

«Hey there, boss. I must warn you — If you finally lost it and decided that you want to eat me or some such… I'll be expecting a huge bonus come payday!»

Sunny stared at Aiko with a dumbfounded expression.

«…Who wants to eat you? Tsk, don't flatter yourself!»

He shook his head.

«Honestly, sometimes, I have no idea what is happening in that head of yours… you are such a weirdo. Anyway, don't move. I'll be quick.»

Aiko just stared at him in disbelief, as if she had never expected to hear such an accusation coming from him.

Sunny, meanwhile, allowed his incarnation to separate itself from Fiend.

Then, he controlled it to glide across the floor… and wrap itself around Aiko.

The petite girl let out a yelp.

«Ah! What the hell?!»

She subconsciously floated up, this time shooting almost all the way to the ceiling.

Sunny let out a whistle.

«So… this works, too.»

Aiko regained her composure, landed, and looked at her small hands.

After making them into small fists a few times, she blinked.

«What the hell, why am I suddenly so strong?»

Sunny took a deep breath.

His Aspect could be used to augment himself, his Memories, his Echoes, and his Shadows. He could also augment inanimate objects, to a degree. But he had never been able to augment other living beings — with the sole exception of Nephis, whom he had been connected to by Shadow Bond before.

Shadow Bond was no more, and although Sunny did not have a master now, he did have a connection to two other people. They were Rain and Aiko, both bearing the Mark of Shadows.

So, Sunny had decided to see if he could augment his followers, as well.

Amazingly, it worked.

Which was a great thing, because keeping Rain alive in the middle of Godgrave was getting harder and harder, and would get harder still once the two armies clashed in earnest. She did not even have an Aspect, so Sunny was quite happy to find a way to boost her strength.

Looking at Aiko — and staring at himself through her eyes — Sunny grinned.

«Don't worry. That's just a little benefit of being a member of the Shadow Clan. Basically, I used one of my incarnations to fuse with you, thus doubling your strength. No need to stare at me with admiration…»

The petite girl was indeed staring at him. However, the emotion in her eyes was very far from admiration.

«F-fuse with me? Who… bastard, you have some nerve, going around fusing with unsuspecting women without permission! Thanks, but no thanks, I did not assent to fusing of any kind! Defuse me right this second!»

Sunny blinked a couple of times, then recalled his incarnation and coughed awkwardly.

«Right…»

In hindsight, he could have just sent his shadow to augment Aiko without controlling it directly. He just forgot about it in all the excitement.

«Well. That's embarrassing.»

Sunny cleared his throat.

«Whatever. Anyway, you can go… I'll think about giving you a bonus. A small bonus, mind you!»

Aiko opened her mouth, wanting to retort, but he added sternly:

«And, by the way… were you sitting in my chair?»

The petite girl turned around and hurried upstairs.

«I'll be going, boss! My great uncle and my family cat… I mean, my auntie and my dog… anyway, see you later!»

Sunny scoffed and looked at his Shadows.

After a while, he dismissed them, deciding that it was time to switch gears.

«Next, the Memories.»

It was time to delve into the second avenue he wanted to explore.

The first one had to do with augmenting Shadows to advance his mastery of Shadow Dance, while the second one… the second one was inspired by the experience of fusing with Serpent in the Soul Weapon form, and had to do with Memories.

Sunny hoped to advance his mastery of weaving by augmenting them.

**********


                                Chapter 1949 Sonorous Silver Sunless
--------------------
Sunny had quite high expectations for the next stage of his experiments. He had been making a living by selling Memories, after all, and was obligated to forge a stellar sword for Nephis.

There were many Saints in the world, and even a couple of others who possessed Divine Aspects. However, he was the only weaver left in existence. Some could enchant weapons and craft Memories, but their ability was no more than a pale imitation of his own.

Therefore, what Sunny was going to do now thrilled him even more than the possible advancement of Shadow Dance. He was just a bit tired, so his excitement was calm and focused.

He was going to fuse with his Memories, which would hopefully allow him to learn more about their weaves.

"Let's see..."

He summoned the runes to study his soul arsenal.

**Memories:**

[Silver Bell], [Extraordinary Rock], [Endless Spring], [Weaver's Mask], [Shadow Lantern],

[Shadow Chair], [Overpriced Saddle], [Weaver's Needle], [Nebulous Mantle], [Handy Bracelet],

[Quintessence Pearl], [Definitely Not Me].

He possessed far fewer Memories now, after being banished from the Nightmare Spell. Still, it was enough for a good start.

The Memories he did possess could be divided into three categories: the ones he had created himself, the ones he had altered... and the two Divine Memories he had received by chance.

Sunny suspected that he would be able to learn the least from the first category, and the most from the last... if he even had the capacity to fathom the infinite sophistication of Weaver's Mask and Shadow Lantern, which was unlikely.

In any case, it made sense. He knew everything there was to know about the weave of those Memories he had personally created, after all. [Shadow Chair], [Overpriced Saddle], and [Weaver's Needle] could barely be called Memories — they were simply objects he had outfitted with the rudimentary enchantments every Memory possessed.

[Handy Bracelet], [Quintessence Pearl], and [Definitely Not Me] were far more complex, each created after he became a Transcendent. Studying them would be of more use... but probably not as much as studying the Memories initially forged by the Spell.

They were [Silver Bell], [Extraordinary Rock], and [Endless Spring]. Each had accompanied him for a long time.

Then, there was the [Nebulous Mantle], which had a somewhat special origin. Neither Sunny nor the Nightmare Spell had created it — instead, it had been woven by the sorcerers who worshiped Weaver, passed down to Ananke, and eventually ended up being turned into a Memory by Sunny.

And finally, there were [Shadow Lantern] and [Weaver's Mask]. Sunny actually did not know how Shadow Lantern had come to be — was it a true relic of Shadow God, or simply a replica of one? He had received it as a Legacy Relic, and since Aspect Legacies seemed to come from the Spell, it would be reasonable to assume that the Spell had created it.

However, another Legacy Relic Sunny had received was the Fragment of Shadow Realm, and even the Spell did not seem to know how to deal with it — to the point that it did not know how to describe the Fragment with runes, or where to place it.

Sunny knew the origin of Weaver's Mask, though. It was indeed a mere replica of the mask the Demon of Fate had personally worn — one of the two granted to the High Priests of the Nightmare Spell in the distant past.

However...

It had been created by Weaver's own hand. So, it was indeed a true relic left behind by the nebulous daemon, just like the Nightmare Spell itself.

Sunny stared at the runes describing Weaver's Mask for a few moments... then shifted his gaze and glanced at the [Overpriced Saddle].

A sad sigh escaped from his lips.

Chasing away the sudden feeling of crippling inferiority, Sunny raised a hand and summoned the Silver Bell.

A beautiful bell wove itself from sparks of light, its familiar weight making him feel a hint of bittersweet nostalgia.

Sunny closed his eyes for a moment.

*"[A small memento of a long-lost home, which once brought its owner comfort and joy...]"*

He rang the bell quietly and listened to its sonorous ringing, then smiled, a hint of sadness finding its way into his eyes.

When the melodious sound of the bell dissolved into silence, Sunny took a deep breath and controlled his incarnation to glide onto the small Memory. Immediately, his consciousness split into two states of being. Sunny was the person who sat on the floor, holding the Silver Bell in his hand. But he was also the bell being held by the person.

Overwhelmed by the strangeness of this alien feeling, Sunny shuddered. Because the hand holding him trembled, Sunny swayed and produced a beautiful ringing sound.

'Ah... it's too strange...'

Becoming one with the Silver Bell was even more odd than fusing with the Soul Weapon form of Serpent or with the Marvelous Mimic masquerading as a quaint cottage... much more odd by far. His Shadows were living beings assuming the shapes of inanimate objects, at least. The Silver Bell... was simply the Silver Bell. It was a thing cast of silver, with no awareness of the world, of itself, or of anything at all — it had no senses, no feelings, no fears, no thoughts, no desires. It just... was.

Sunny's eyes widened, and his expression froze.

He remained motionless for a while, his mind torn between two incongruous and irreconcilable states.

Somewhere far away, the Lord of Shadows stumbled mid-motion, and a hidden shadow shuddered in the darkness of Rain's tent.

"...Is this what it feels like to be truly insane?"

Who else would be in the state of mind to consider themselves a little bell, if not for a complete lunatic?

Slowly, laboriously, he called upon his many experiences acting as a shadow of alien beings and managed to get a grip on his incapacitated mind. Sunny built a wall around the part of his mind that had become one with the Silver Bell, separating it from himself, and finally exhaled with relief.

"D—damn it... wow."

Sunny had known that he would experience something exceedingly bizarre by personally augmenting a Memory, but nothing could have prepared him for the strangeness of this foreign state of being.

Still, it was illuminating.

Even though the Silver Bell had no senses, no concept of self, and no way to perceive anything, it still had... something.

A subtle awareness of movement, vibration, and sound.

And underneath it all, something far more conclusive.

The Silver Bell might have been inanimate and simple on the material plane, but beyond that, it was a marvel of radiant light and flowing energy that existed in the vast emptiness of a lightless abyss. After all, it was woven out of soul essence and contained intricate enchantments designed by the Nightmare Spell itself.

Even the *[Sonorous]* enchantment added to it had not been invented by Sunny, but simply copied from another Memory into the weave of the Silver Bell. Within it, soul essence flowed according to an elegant, complex, and infinitely ingenious pattern, its movement and pathways dictated by the intricate tapestry of ethereal strings embedded into the nature of the Silver Bell beyond the material plane.

That was its spellweave and the resulting mechanism of its enchantments, shining brightly in the darkness.

And, therefore...

That was Sunny's spellweave and the mechanism of his enchantments.

He inhaled slowly, staring into the distance.

Sunny had seen plenty of weaves before.

But...

He had never experienced being a weave before. He had never felt every detail and nuance of his sorcery so deeply, vividly, and in such a profound way.

His eyes, which were opened wide, suddenly glistened with sharp light.

And deep within them, golden strands shone for a moment, then disappeared into lightless depths.

**********


                                Chapter 1950 High Sorcerer
--------------------
Some time later, Sunny let out a shaky breath and sprawled on the floor. His mind felt like it was on fire, and there were a myriad of thoughts swarming in his head.

He had been right!

Using an incarnation to augment a Memory was, indeed, a game changer. The act of fusing with a Memory gave him an entirely new level of understanding of how its enchantments functioned, and how its spellweave caused those enchantments to exist.

It was one thing to see the tapestry of ethereal strings, but experiencing it as a part of himself was completely different.

Before, Sunny could study a weave and make logical conclusions about how its elements functioned, as well as what role each string played in the tapestry. By observing the structure and guiding principles of countless weaves and comparing them to each other, he could deduce the purpose of some of the patterns and weave Memories by recreating them. That was how his career as a sorcerer had started... and he had made great strides since then.

Sunny had steadily increased the repertoire of patterns he could weave. Eventually, he was even able to understand the principles behind these structures, which gave him the ability to change and modify them. Finally, he reached a point where he could weave new patterns and thus create somewhat original enchantments, all by himself.

However, Sunny had always remained blind to the true essence of weaving. He had discerned how many weaves worked, but he never understood why. In other words, he had only observed the guiding principles of weaving without ever knowing the underlying reasons for why they were that way.

His experience as a sorcerer had been purely empirical, lacking the theoretical understanding of the inner workings and causality of the sorcery he practiced. He was an alchemist at best, not a chemist.

Now... all of it could change.

Of course, Sunny had not fathomed the elaborate underlying laws of weaving yet. But he had obtained a tool to observe them now — to personify them now — which meant that, given time, he would be able to comprehend and learn them. When he did...

A soft chuckle escaped Sunny's lips.

If he did manage to grasp the "Why" of weaving instead of only just "how," then he would not need to rely on imitation to create enchantments. He would not need a repertoire of weaves and patterns anymore — because he would be able to solve any problem by simply knowing the rules of solving it.

Of course, that would not make Sunny an omnipotent sorcerer in an instant. After all, having the tools necessary to solve a problem was not the same as mastering them. Otherwise, people would have been able to resolve... well... something terribly complicated in mathematics immediately after formulating the rules of arithmetic.

To his shame, Sunny did not know enough about mathematics to come up with an example.

"Why am I even thinking about that?"

Right... he was thinking about it because he had decided to rest a little after his brain almost melted as a result of experiencing the fusion with Silver Bell.

Still.

He had rested enough, already. Hadn't he?

Sitting up, Sunny shook his head energetically.

"Let's see what mysteries you're hiding!"

and summoned the Extraordinary Rock.

Sunny did not say that. The Extraordinary Rock said that.

But in the next moment, Sunny had become the Extraordinary Rock. Immediately, he shuddered.

Somewhere far away, the Lord of Shadows slammed into a pillar while walking out of the Nameless Temple. Elsewhere, a hidden shadow let out a frustrated sigh, making Rain stir a little in her sleep.

"Let's continue."

Sometime later, Aiko returned to the basement, carrying a tray of food. Her boss was sprawled on the floor in a disheveled state, staring at the ceiling with glassy eyes.

She cautiously nudged him with the edge of her shoe.

"Hey, boss... Uh... you're alive?"

Sunny turned his head and looked at her with a frown.

"Which me are you asking? Also, define the meaning of alive. Also... define the meaning of you."

He blinked a couple of times, then shook his head.

"Never mind. Yes, I'm alive. But what are you doing here?"

Aiko let out a sigh and put the tray on the floor near him.

"Here, have some food. I thought you'd be hungry."

Sunny tilted his head a little.

"Huh? Why would I be hungry?"

The petite girl shrugged.

"I mean... you've been locked in the basement for three days without ever stepping out..."

He stared at her for a few moments, then looked down at the food.

It did smell very appetizing.

"It's been three days already? Wow. That's crazy."

Pulling the tray closer, Sunny grabbed the nearest plate and shoved a spoonful of fragrant soup into his mouth.

"Has Nephis returned to the camp, by any chance?"

Aiko watched him eat with a dubious expression, then shook her head.

"Not yet. She's still en route... inspecting the extermination outposts or some such, from what I hear. She'll probably be here in a couple more days."

Sunny nodded.

"Alright. Let me know when that happens. I'll just stay here in the basement until then."

Then, thinking about it, he suddenly pierced her with an intense gaze.

"Wait. How's our war profiteering business coming along?"

The petite girl flinched.

"What?! What war profiteering? There's no war profiteering whatsoever happening here! Just a completely benign, officially sanctioned Memory redistribution program, for the glory and benefit of the great Sword Army."

Sunny waved a hand.

"Yes, yes. Whatever. You should already have at least a small stockpile of Memories in inventory, right? Waiting to be... redistributed. Lend them to me for a few days. Oh, also! Tell the Fire Keepers that since I have free time, I can modify some Memories for them, free of charge. There should be at least a few of them still in the camp, right?"

Aiko blinked.

"I refuse."

Sunny froze for a moment.

"What? Why?"

She crossed her arms and scowled sternly.

"Free of charge? What's that? Our services are both exclusive and top-notch, so why should we provide them for free? Dream on!"

Sunny stared at the petite girl for a few moments, then waved a hand.

"Fine, whatever, just get me some Memories — the more, the better!"

Grinning in satisfaction, Aiko told Sunny to enjoy his meal and flew out of the basement... literally.

He smiled.

"Good."

Being banished from the Spell, he couldn't directly transfer or receive Memories. Each had to be modified slightly before he could give them away or claim ownership — if the other party was willing, of course.

So it would actually take some effort on Sunny's part to get the Memories from Aiko.

It was worth it, however, because if he did...

He would be able to augment and study them freely, instantly gaining more fuel for his current research.

Aiko's uncompromising avarice aside, Sunny should have been paying the Fire Keepers for free access to their soul arsenals, instead. But, no matter.

He hungrily attacked the tray of food, grinning from ear to ear.

"I've made good progress, already."

In a day or two more, he would probably be ready to put his new knowledge into practice and test the first results of his recent breakthrough.

Therefore, it would be time to weave some Memories.

**********

