Shadow Slave - PART 178
Chapters 1771 to 1780
==============================


                                Chapter 1771 Curtain Call.
--------------------
There was a private box reserved for Nephis and Sunny. They were guided there by a young stagehand, who was visibly struggling to maintain decorum while bursting at the seams with excitement. It was not every day that Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan visited a theater! In fact, Sunny was pretty sure that she had never participated in these kinds of social activities before.

“There would be a freshly embossed plaque nailed in the foyer of the theater by tomorrow, no doubt. Something like “This humble establishment has enjoyed the patronage of the brightest of stars” or «We are proud to have hosted Her Royal Highness, Saint Nephis of Immortal Flame.»

Such a simple thing was enough to enhance the theater's prestige twofold.

«I wonder if this place is secretly sponsored by Cassie.»

The box was luxuriously furnished, dark, and elevated above the auditorium high enough so that no one could see what was happening inside.

Sunny felt frustrated at the fact that his heart was almost racing.

Letting out a sigh, he glanced at the stage and took a seat, The curtain had not been raised yet, and the audience was filling in with excited whispers. He was distracted for a moment when Nephis sat down near him, their shoulders almost touching.

«This private box is a bit cramped, isn't it?»

Well, it couldn't be helped.

He remained silent for a moment, then asked in a neutral tone:

«By the way, what play are we watching?»

Nephis looked at him with a hint of surprise.

«You don't know?»

Sunny shook his head.

«I'm afraid I don't.»

She seemed a little embarrassed, for some reason.

Nephis hesitated for a while, then coughed awkwardly.

«…Actually, I don't know either. Cassie… Saint Cassia arranged it. I assumed you would have been informed.»

Sunny chuckled.

«Well, it will be a surprise then. Who knows, we might enjoy it a great deal.»

Actually, he didn't really care about the contents of the play. He doubted he would be able to concentrate on the actors, anyway, when Nephis was so close to him, in the darkness.

Soon, the lights dimmed, and the curtains were slowly pulled. The audience held its breath.

At the same time, Sunny's smile froze on his lips.

In fact, he had stopped breathing entirely.

His expression slowly crumbled, and he barely suppressed a tormented groan.

Because right at that moment, he saw the title of the play above the decorations. Written in a purposefully messy scrawl, several words were displayed on dark background…

[The Devil of Antarctica.]

«Oh, no!»

—— —— ——

On the stage, the decorations were divided into two distinct locations. On one, a military boat sailed on an icy sea. On the other, tall mountain peaks towered above a snowy cliff.

Sunny tried to sink into his chair, raising a trembling hand to cover his face. He didn't even care if Nephis would notice his strange behavior. He just wanted to disappear and be somewhere anywhere! — else the next moment.

«I'm done for!»

There was an actress wearing a black armor standing on the snowy cliff, gazing down at the audience with a somber look. The armor design was quite austere, but somehow managed to accentuate every curve of her quite… distinguished body very well. Her blonde hair moved slightly in the artificial wind, and her bright blue eyes were full of harsh resolve.

The military boat, meanwhile, seated seven soldiers in the uniforms of the First Evacuation Army. Their leader was standing at the bow, peering ahead with a stolc expression on his chiseled face. He was close to two meters in height and possessed a formidable build, oozing rugged masculinity. The makeup made him look extremely pale, and he seemed to be wearing a black wig.

Sunny took a shaky breath.

«…These bastards!»

Both the distinguished actress and the square-jawed man were supposed to be inspired by him. He could live with the brutish guy… but the well-proportioned beauty?! Really?!

This was why he had avoided watching the movie version at all costs.

Now, however, Sunny had no choice but to watch.

He squirmed silently.

At that moment, one of the soldiers said to his comrades on the boat:

«Why so glum, comrades? Cheer up! We are nearing Antarctica. Nightmare Creatures stand no chance against the heroic soldiers of the Evacuation Army!»

Immediately, the leader cut him off with a sharp gaze and scoffed.

«Good attitude, soldier! However, the message is wrong. Don't underestimate the enemy, Heroes won't win this war,,, so, don't try to be a hero.»

He flashed a dark grin and added hoarsely, his rugged voice easily capturing the audience:

«…Be a monster! Be a fiend. That is how you will survive.»

Sunny shuddered, knowing that he was in for a very, very long couple of hours.

The play followed two Ascended. One of them was an antihero only known as the Captain, who led a convoy of refugees on a tumultuous journey across the Antarctic Center. He possessed a devilish charm and a cynical personality, but displayed a surprising amount of valor and resolve, as well, hiding a compassionate heart under the snide facade of a disillusioned fatalist.

The other was a mysterious female warrior who joined the army in the early stages of the campaign, displaying stunning power and indomitable courage. She was aloof, but noble and selfless, breaking the tide of several dire battles while refusing to say anything about her background and allegiance.

The two quickly became known as the Devil of Antarctica and its Guardian Angel, respectively. Their paths intersected in the middle of the play, during the tragic siege of Falcon Scott, where a tentative romance bloomed between them against the bleak backdrop of war.

Sunny was perfectly expressionless as he watched the play.

«No, but.., how does it even make sense? Am I romancing myself?»

He was too embarrassed to look at Nephis, staring directly ahead.

«Ah, I want to die…»

The production was stellar, and the actors were quite talented. The story was not even that tasteless, even if it twisted most facts to fit the narrative presented by the government propaganda machine at the time. It was just that… Sunny had been there!

And he certainly had not been in the habit of constantly spewing witty one-liners, sharing gems of jaded wisdom with the admiring soldiers, and looking soulfully into the distance every other minute!

Worst of all, he felt that the play would be a hit.

The horror!

«And there I was feeling happy that there was no video streaming services in the Dream Realm!»

Feeling a strong desire to manifest a swarm of shadows and collapse the roof of the theater, he furtively glanced at Nephis.

Coincidentally, she was also looking at him at that moment.

Just then, the first act concluded, and the lights went on.

Nephis tilted her head a little and asked neutrally:

«How do you like the play, Master Sunless?»

Sunny forced out a smile.

It was one of the hardest things he had done in his life… and he had put his head back after being decapitated once!

He lingered for a few moments, and then said in a flat tone:

…It's directed well. I'm not a fan, though.»

Nephis chuckled, then sighed.

«I am sorry. I don't know what Cassie was thinking… you participated in the Southern Campaign as well, after all. It must be unpleasant, to see a censored version of the calamity you lived through on the stage.»

She looked at the curtain and shook her head.

«I heard that the Captain is based on a real person. I was in East Antarctica, though, so I wouldn't know. He must have been quite a character.»

Sunny did not respond.

«He's quite a character, indeed…»

They spent the intermission in awkward silence. Sunny was thinking of a way to convince Nephis to leave, but sadly, he couldn't think of any. Especially due to her status… an ordinary person could slip away in the middle of a play, but if Changing Star did it, the theater would go bankrupt the next day, Such was the power of her glorious fame.

Eventually, it was time for the second act to start It was then that Nephis said calmly, never looking away from the stage.

«We are being watched.»

Sunny raised an eyebrow. He usually kept his shadow sense restrained in Bastion, so he wouldn't know.

«Who would anyone be watching us?»

She sighed.

«You don't have to worry. It's nothing serious… someone is probably suspicious and wants to confirm the nature of our relationship.»

He relaxed.

«Oh.»

She had just survived an assassination attempt recently, and the whole world was in turmoil as a result. There were no riots on the streets, but tensions were running high. If something happened to Nephis in the meantime… he was afraid that everything would explode.

So, even though it was unpleasant to know that someone was spying on them, Sunny felt relieved. Not for long, though. Because the second act had started.

On the stage, the Falcon Scott had fallen, and the Devil was separated from the Angel during the evacuation, carried away unconscious on the last ship. The latter was presumed to have perished in the siege.

The second part of the story took place in East Antarctica, where the forces sent by the Legacy clans helped to stem the tide of Nightmare Creatures. The Captain, grief-stricken and heartbroken, went from gazing soulfully into the distance every other minute to doing so about every thirty seconds. The frequency of his sardonic remarks decreased, but his general disposition had only grown more obnoxious.

Sunny was in a foul mood and grinding his teeth.

…It was then, however, that Nephis raised a hand and wrapped her arm around him firmly, pulling him closer in the darkness.

He froze.

«What… what is she doing?»

«Please forgive me, Master Sunless. We must play our parts, as well.»

She was terribly close.

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

Then, a small smile slowly crept onto his face.

«Ah, yes. I guess there's no helping it.»

He placed his head on her shoulder in an intimate display.

Whoever was watching them should be able to confirm the nature of their relationship from that scene. What could he do? There was no choice… he had to cooperate earnestly.

Held comfortably in Nephis' embrace, Sunny smiled with satisfaction.

«I must admit…»

The second part of the play was much better than the first.

It was actually not bad at all.

The director really knew what they were doing!

**********


                                Chapter 1772 Deus Ex Machina
--------------------
Strangely enough, Nephis was enjoying the play.

The leading actress was good at her craft. The role she was portraying was taciturn and stole, but revealed a stalwart determination to resist the tide of Nightmare Creatures at all costs... a true warrior. The Guardian Angel of Antarctica did not display a lot of emotions, which could have made some people consider her a flat character.

But personally, Nephis thought that it was the opposite. The actress managed to show the subtlety of someone who was unaccustomed to expressing her emotions openly, and felt that there was no place for such things on the battlefield. It was really quite commendable, even if the Angel seemed a bit lonesome as a result.

The protagonist was her complete opposite. He was very emotive and did not shy away from voicing his opinions, even if these opinions were usually not something people would want to hear. His dry wit and casual nonchalance were disarming, and his slightly comical persona was strangely endearing. His heart was in the right place, too...

And yet, Nephis found herself unable to fully immerse herself in his character, The actor portraying the Devil was handling the role well, so there was nothing to complain about. It was just that.,,, how could she put it? The man was a bit too.., brawny, She had never really considered the matter, but now, Nephis suddenly realized that rugged men like that did not suit her taste very much.

She was inclined to appreciate men like Master Sunless much better

Feeling the pleasant weight of his head on her shoulder, she smiled subtly in the darkness.

‘How did I end up in this situation?'

The charming enchanter was leaning on her comfortably. Her arm was wrapped around him, as if they were really in that kind of relationship. It was true that there was someone in the theater observing them, but had there really been a need for a display of intimacy?

She had done it mostly on impulse, perhaps because Cassie's unexpected request was still stuck in her mind.

But, well... Nephis didn't mind the result. It felt quite nice.

Enjoying the novel feeling of closeness, she continued to watch the play.

On the stage, the touching love story between the Devil and the Angel had already progressed, and was now nearing a tragic culmination. After being reunited in East Antarctica and confessing their feelings, the heroes faced a deadly crisis.

She tilted her head and accidentally rested her cheek on top of the charming enchanter's head, feeling the silky texture of his raven-black hair. Nephis froze for a moment, perplexed, then made a hard decision... to pretend that she had done it on purpose, and that everything was going according to plan.

Just like that, there was something to distract her from the utterly fictional depiction of the Battle of the Black Skull happening on the stage...

There was no mention of the Great Clans having fought each other, of course. Instead, they were shown as self-sacrificing champions of humanity who had ventured into the wilderness to buy King Anvil and his cohort enough time to conquer the Fourth Nightmare.

The Angel had already revealed herself as a disgraced retainer of Clan Valor, and now, the heroes were trying to stall the tide of dreadful abominations in a desperate last stand.

The play took some liberties with the original film's plot, it seemed, adapting it to the sensibilities of the people living in the Sword Domain.

On the stage, the Angel was supporting the Devil, both of them battered and covered in fake blood.

"Hold on! We must hold on, Captain! The King of Valor will be here soon!"

The square jaw of the protagonist trembled, and he forced out his familiar devilish grin.

"I'm afraid... I'm afraid that I will have to break my promise, angel, I'm sorry, but... really, you have no one to blame but yourself, You... should not have fallen in love with a dishonest man like me.”

Still smiling fearlessly, he pushed the wounded Angel back, into the hands of his soldiers, and commanded them to retreat.

Left alone, the Devil faced the encroaching shadow - created by special effects, it represented the Great abominations that had escaped the Category Four Gates.

A sarcastic scoff escaped from his lips.

"I really thought I'd make it. Well, never mind. This devil's time away from hell is coming to an end... ah, what a sweet dream it has been! Thank you, my love."

Nephis could hear quiet sobs in the audience. She could also feel Master Sunless tremble slightly.

Was he... quite affected by the play? His reactions seemed quite intense from the very start. The charming enchanter was surprisingly emotional...

She wondered idly if he knew the truth about the Battle of the Black Skull. He wasn't there, after all, and most people believed in the false record of what had happened on that day.

The truth was not nearly as romantic.

Knowing what would happen next, Nephis sighed and suddenly wished to fall through the ground.

Was there still a chance to set fire to the theater? That would interrupt the play, for sure...

Master Sunless felt her tension and shifted slightly, looking up.

His terribly handsome face was suddenly way too close.

"What is the matter?"

She tried very hard to hide her embarrassment, looked away, and said in a flat tone:

"It's nothing."

But just then...

The stage was suddenly drowned in bright light, which chased away the encroaching darkness.

A beautiful young woman in white clothes that were a little bit too tight for her generous figure was lowered from above on invisible ropes, somehow maintaining a graceful image despite two heavy wings attached to her back by a hidden harness.

She held a radiant sword in her hand, her face the perfect picture of enlightened valiance.

Nephis sight and covered her face with a palm.

There were a few joyful yelps from the audience.

"It's Lady Changing Star!"

"The King has returned from the Nightmare!"

"Please save him, Lady Nephis! Hurry!"

...Indeed.

The actress being lowered from above was the very same ingénue who played Nephis in the local rendition of that accursed movie... she was portraying Changing Star.

Nephis could feel the enchanter's body trembling once again.

Glancing at him between her fingers, she was startled to see that he was trying to suppress laughter.

Her expression fell a little.

What's so funny?"

Master Sunless looked at her with a smile, his onyx eyes glistening with mirth. Then, he shook his head apologetically.

"No, no... please forgive me, Lady Nephis. It's just a bit of schadenfreude..."

Hearing that, she was suddenly in the mood to do something that she had never done before.

Nephis wanted to pout.

Turning away from him, she remained silent for a few moments, and then said evenly:

"I'm glad my suffering amuses you."

Master Sunless gasped and stared at her with a hint of panic in his gem-like eyes.

Nephis tried to maintain a calm facade, but the corner of her mouth curled upward against her will.

She sighed and closed her eyes.

'Cute!’

On the stage, Changing Star saved the day. The Devil was rescued and reunited with the Angel, who had led the Valor reinforcements to his position. The King of Swords descended to Antarctica, eradicating the Nightmare Creatures and leading the civilians to the Sword Domain

Due to the bravery and selflessness that the Angel had shown during the Southern Campaign, her past misdeed was pardoned by Princess Nephis, and she was reinstated as a Knight of Valor. The Devil was knighted by the radiant princess, as well, and the two of them became trusted champions of the royal family.

It was a happy ending.

The curtain fell, and the lights went on. The actors returned to the stage to bow and were met by a thunderous applause.

Of course, all of them could not help but throw furtive glances at the private box.

Nephis sighed, then stood up with a pleasant smile and clapped a few times.

At the sight of that, the eyes of the actors shined, and the audience exploded with an even more energetic applause.

Master Sunless watched her with an amused smile, then asked quietly:

"I guess you liked the play, Lady Nephis?"

Nephis lingered for a bit.

What was she supposed to say? That the play was alright, but she really enjoyed the experience of him resting his head on her shoulder as she embraced him in the darkness?

She cleared his throat.

"It was a good performance. However... I'm not sure you'll understand, but it is a really uncomfortable thing to see someone playing you on the stage."

Master Sunless stared at her silently for a few moments.

Then, he looked down with an odd expression and said in a neutral tone:

"Yeah... I guess something like that would be hard to understand..."

Nephis smiled faintly.

'At least Cassie had enough presence of mind not to send us to see the Song of Light and Darkness.’

How would her pretend paramour feel watching a play about a fictional relationship between her and another man?

That would have been a disaster!

**********


                                Chapter 1773 Fake It.
--------------------
Sunny had been full of bitter resentment when the performance started, but by the end of it, he was in an excellent mood. Watching Nephis dance with her sword, treating her to a picnic, going for a leisurely stroll arm in arm, and enjoying a romantic play together... the day was shaping up great.

Sadly, their time together would soon come to an end. All that was left on the schedule was dinner at an upscale restaurant - after that, Nephis would disappear for a few days or a week, busy with all her other responsibilities.

So, he had to make the most of this dinner appointment.

‘I'll take the chance to seize up the competition.’

However, Sunny knew that he was fooling himself.

In truth, the Brilliant Emporium could not even be considered a competitor of the lofty restaurant his café was a place where people could enjoy delicious, but relatively simple food in a cozy atmosphere. The establishment where they were entering right now, though, was where the affluent citizens of Bastion came to waste money and show status in splendid surroundings.

He felt inclined to treat such extravagance with disdain, but found himself unable to do that after being led to a private booth by an exceedingly respectful waiter, Comparing the immaculate attire and flawless manners of the young man to how Aiko usually behaved, Sunny was suddenly unsure of his judgment.

Perhaps these rich folks were really onto something...

But then again, he was richer than all of them combined. Sunny never flaunted his wealth, but it would have been hard to remain poor after hunting Great Nightmare Creatures for years. And since he didn't really have expenditures like the need to maintain a clan, he was probably the wealthiest man in Bastion, second only to the King of Swords himself.

So, logically, it was the Brilliant Emporium that set the standard of luxury. Everyone else could only hope to imitate his unique style!

Still...

Sunny hands trembled when he sat down and saw a large, empty plate in front of him.

'A ch-ch-charger plate!’

How fancy!

And what was it made of? Was it... the famed Aegis porcelain? That porcelain could only be made from the mystical clay found in a remote region of the Sword Domain, the precise recipe kept secret by the artisans employed by the Legacy Clan presiding over those lands.

The tablecloth was made from sublime silk. The utensils were pure silver, The table itself... damnation, he recognized that wood! That was titanwood, the same as the instructor's cafeteria at the Academy!

At least his chair was, in all ways, inferior to the Shadow Chair. Otherwise, Sunny would have been quite disheartened.

Nephis sat down across from him and smiled.

"I doubt that they will serve us anything as delicious as what you make, Master Sunless. Still, please try to enjoy yourself."

Sunny looked at her with gratitude, suddenly feeling a lot better.

'Right. Who cares about how fancy the plates, silverware, and furniture are? It's the food that matters!'

Paying attention to form over substance was a silly thing to do, like valuing flowery prose over an engaging story. Sunny might have acted like a bit of an idiot at times, but at least he wasn't that misguided.

He stared at Nephis silently while the waiter was pouring fragrant wine into their glasses, enchanted by her exquisite beauty. The light of a magical chandelier was reflecting from her silver hair, and her fair face was illuminated softly. The privacy of the luxurious booth created an intimate atmosphere...

It was then that a sudden thought entered his mind, and he felt as if someone had doused him with cold water.

Sunny looked away and lowered his head a little.

The war was approaching. Which meant that he had to tell Nephis the truth soon.

There would not be many days like this one in the future... In fact, there might be none at all.

He felt a sense of deep melancholy.

When the waiter left, Nephis took a sip of wine and leaned back. She remained silent for a few moments, then asked with a hint of concern in her voice:

"I'm sorry for making you feel uncomfortable earlier, Master Sunless. Because of the subject of the play, and... well... my actions, as well."

Sunny looked at her in surprise.

"Offended? No, I wasn't offended..."

Nephis smiled.

"That's a relief."

She placed the wineglass back on the table.

The table was meant for two people to dine, so it wasn't very large. Her hand remained on the white tablecloth, close enough that Sunny could reach and hold it. Of course, he did no such thing, and just stared at it silently.

Nephis suddenly asked, her voice neutral:

"What do people usually talk about in such situations?"

He raised an eyebrow.

"Such situations?"

She hesitated for a few moments, then reached for the wineglass again.

"That... you know, on a date. Ours is a fake one, but we should probably make an effort to make it look real."

Sunny felt bewildered for a moment.

Eventually, she smiled and shrugged slowly.

"Lady Nephis... I'm afraid I have no idea. I don't think I've ever been on a proper date myself."

She looked at him with a visible expression of surprise, which was quite rare for the usually composed Nephis.

Her eyes widened a little.

"R-really? I thought you... a man like you..."

Sunny chuckled.

"I'm not sure what kind of man you think I am, but your impression of me is probably wrong. In fact..."

He hesitated for a moment, and then added wistfully:

"It most definitely is."

Sunny took a sip of wine and said in a neutral tone:

"Well, I assume that people talk about the usual things that one ought to know about a potential partner, romantic or not. You know... background, views, aspirations. Who they are, what they want. Things like that.”

Nephis studied his face for a while, then nodded,

"Let's do that, then. That play earlier... 1 was afraid that you would be uncomfortable because of your experiences in Antarctica. What was why 1... actually, never mind! What I wanted to say is that 1 don't really know a lot about what you went through there, Master Sunless. lіght\nоvel\cаve~c`о/m. Were you part of the Second Evacuation Army? Or of the local forces?"

He smiled and shook his head lightly.

"First Evacuation Army, actually."

She seemed surprised.

"Then..."

The Second Evacuation Army was mostly composed of volunteers, while the local Awakened had no choice but to join the Southern Campaign. The members of the First Army, however, were all from the core government forces.

Sunny chuckled.

"No, no. I was never a government grunt. It's just that I had a friend in the chain of command, and was invited to join the effort before the news broke. It's a bit shameful to admit, but... I threw a big tantrum back then and accepted the invitation for quite an immature reason."

Nephis looked at him intently, as if trying to picture him throwing a tantrum in her mind. Eventually, she shook her head and said:

"I can't quite imagine you doing something like that. Immature reason... really?"

He smiled and took another sip of wine.

"Yes. It was mostly to spite someone... a very childish reaction, in hindsight. Well, there were other reasons, of course, some better than others. You know - finding conviction, pursuing strength. It all seemed very important before the Chain of Nightmares started, and very meaningless pretty much immediately after it did."

At that moment, the waiter arrived to serve the first course. Sunny stared at the elaborate appetizers for a bit, but he did not really have an appetite anymore.

Looking at Nephis, he said:

"I think it's a bit unfair on you to have a conversation about background, views, and aspirations with someone, Lady Nephis. It is bound to be one-sided. You are exceedingly famous, after all... everyone knows these things about you."

The waiter left.

She also ignored the food, taking a sip of wine in silence.

Then, she placed the glass down and smiled faintly.

"You of all people should know that what people say about me and what is true are not the same, Master Sunless, After all, one of the things they say is that I am indulging you because we are lovers."

He laughed quietly.

"Indeed."

Sunny hesitated for a few moments, then asked in a pleasant tone:

"In that case, let me ask you something. What are your aspirations, Lady Nephis? What do you want?"

She considered his words and answered with a careless shrug:

"It's nothing unexpected, I guess. Keep my soldiers alive, safeguard the Sword Domain. Watch cities like Bastion thrive."

Sunny shook his glass a little, watching the light reflect from the red wine.

...He wasn't the only one hiding the truth.

Lies. It was all lies.

He wasn't telling the truth, and Nephis wasn't being honest either.

Their date was truly a fake one.

Since he was not saying anyting, she went forward and asked:

"What about you, Master Sunless? What do you want?"

Sunny shifted his gaze and looked at her hand once again. There was a hint of a deep longing in his dark eyes,

He did not speak until the pain of the Flaw made it impossible to remain silent.

‘To hell with it…’

Looking up at Nephis, Sunny lingered for a moment, and then smiled faintly.

"I... find myself wishing that our date wasn't a fake one. I want it to be real instead. Is that too forward?”

**********


                                Chapter 1774 Till you make It
--------------------
Sunny went ahead and expressed his real feelings without thinking about the consequences. Which could be quite heartbreaking, one way or the other… but, really, he didn't have much to lose.

Nephis did not react immediately. Her face remained composed and impassive.

After a while, she said evenly:

«It's not.»

Sunny sighed and leaned back.

What was he doing?

Cassie had been right. By keeping his true identity from Nephis, he was being truly unfair. What kind of relationship did he hope to build on the foundation of deceit?

And that was what he was doing — deceiving her.

But… despite that, Cassie had also been wrong. She wanted to avoid a predicament that was merely the result of a larger and entirely unsolvable problem.

Because Sunny simply could not be honest with Nephis. It was impossible, because even if he told her the actual truth, she would forget it a few moments later.

So what if he admitted to being the Lord of Shadows? Compared to the other things he was keeping from her, that detail was all but I insignificant.

She could never know that he had loved her for a long, long time… and that she had loved him. That they had spent years thinking about each other, fighting side by side with each other, and surviving the horrors of the Nightmare Spell together. That they had met when they were young and inexperienced, each spending their tumultuous youth being shaped by the other. That the troubled adults they had grown into were the result of them having met all those years ago, in front of the gates of the Academy.

That she was his person, and he was hers.

These were the things Nephis would never know, and therefore… any relationship Sunny could build with her would inevitably be built on deceit. It would inevitably be unfair.

The only honest thing he could do for Nephis was leave and have no contact with her whatsoever.

But he…

Was unwilling to.

He had made a choice and lost her, but he selfishly wanted to be found by her.

And so, the only thing he could do was lie.

Sunny lingered for a moment, then leaned forward and placed his hand on hers.

Raising his head, he looked into her eyes and asked, his voice even:

«Lady Nephis… will you go on a date with me?»

She met his gaze silently.

Her silence felt quite terrifying… but Sunny couldn't help but notice something.

It was that she made no attempt to pull back her hand.

There was hope.

Eventually, the corners of Neph's mouth curled upward.

«…Alright.»

Sunny blinked.

He couldn't quite process that answer just yet. Failing to hide his surprise, he squeezed her hand lightly.

«Just… just like that?»

Nephis smiled and shrugged.

«Why not? I am… not that experienced in these matters, but we are both adults. We both know what we want. So why not?»

Why did she agree?

Because she wanted to…

Sunny took a deep breath, then let go of her hand and leaned back.

His heart was beating wildly, but he forcefully suppressed his excitement.

He remained silent for a while, looking away, then said neutrally:

«Actually, there are a lot of reasons why not.»

He glanced at the untouched food, considered his next words carefully, and looked at her again.

This time, there was no smile on his face.

«Lady Nephis… before we go any further, I must admit something. Actually, I am not an honest person. In fact, I am a habitual liar… I am keeping many things from you, and might never reveal these secrets. This kind and harmless persona of mine is just a facade I wear because it's convenient. In truth, I am not that harmless. I am not very kind, either.»

She stared at him silently for a few moments, then shrugged.

«I know.»

Sunny's eyes widened a little.

«You… know?»

Nephis watched him for a few moments and sighed.

«You are a Master and a veteran of the Southern Campaign. A person like you can't be harmless, really. There was that duel, as well… I figured that you were putting up a front at some point. But I don't mind.»

She looked at him without a smile and added, her voice revealing a hint of vulnerability:

«Actually… I'm not an honest person either, I am keeping many secrets from you, as well. This valiant and noble persona of a selfless hero you see is just a facade I wear because it's convenient. I am neither noble nor a hero. Most of all, I am not selfless at all. In truth, I might be the most selfish person in the world.»

Nephis looked down and added quietly:

«So, I don't mind. As long as you don't.»

Sunny stared at her in a daze.

«But… I might never be entirely honest with you. Aren't you wary of a liar?»

She looked up at him and smiled.

«Do you harbor secret malice toward me?»

He silently shook his head.

«Do you serve one of my enemies?»

Sunny shook his head once again.

«Are you planning to betray me?»

He frowned.

«Not really. Not at all.»

Nephis shrugged.

«Then I don't care.»

However, a moment later, her eyes suddenly widened.

«Wait! You…, you don't have a wife and children somewhere out there already, do you? If you do… I'm afraid that is one thing I do have to know!»

Sunny flinched and looked at her in dismay.

«What?! No… no, I don't!»

Nephis visibly relaxed.

«That is… good. Then, as I was saying. I don't care!»

She hesitated for a moment, and then added:

«Everyone has secrets. I have my share, as well… much more secrets than most people do, and more dire ones as well. So, I also must admit something before you decide if you want to go any further, Master Sunless.»

Sunny was still a little dazed. This conversation… was not going how he had expected it to go, at all! It was all too unexpected.

He looked at Nephis, composed himself, and asked calmly:

«What's that?»

She inhaled deeply.

«First of all… it might be premature to speak of this right now, but I feel like I should let you know before anything more meaningful has a chance to happen. I am… a very ambitious woman, Master Sunless. My heart is full of ambition, so much so that there's little space for anything — or anyone left in it. We might spend a few days together and part ways, or we might end up deciding to enjoy each other's company for much longer. But you… you will never own my heart, Master Sunless, or even most of my heart. It's only fair to warn you in advance.»

Sunny had long known about Nephis' insane goal, so he didn't react strongly to her words.

Instead, he nodded simply.

«I figured as much.»

Nephis studied his face, hesitated for a few moments, and sighed.

«That is good. I see. Well, then, the second thing. You might not know, but my Aspect is closely tied to longing and passion. In fact, one of the reasons I was willing to indulge in this pretense relationship with you, at the beginning, was that I wanted to understand passion better. Later, I found myself sincerely enjoying your company, so… well, that is beside the point. What I wanted to say is that I am sensitive to yearning, desire, and passion. I can perceive what other people want, and how much they want it.»

She looked away with a hint of embarrassment on her beautiful face and added evenly:

«It's one of the reasons why I am saying yes. Because I can feel the nature and sincerity of your desire.»

Sunny stared at her silently for a long time.

His eyes were a little glassy. Then, he slowly picked up his wine.

«Lady Nephis… that… what kind of desire are we talking about, exactly?»

She kept looking at the wall, as if incredibly interested in the artwork.

«…All kinds. I can sense it all. Especially if it's aimed at me.»

The glass cracked slightly in Sunny's hand.

His face remained absolutely impassive.

«So… earlier, when I was staring at her body… she knew exactly…»

Nephis turned his way and added with a hint of urgency in her voice:

«But… but you don't have to be embarrassed! It's perfectly normal. You… you are a healthy man, after all.»

Sunny let out a heavy sigh.

«Lady Nephis…»

She blinked a couple of times.

«Yes?»

His voice was a little somber when he responded:

«Please don't speak for a few moments…»

With that, Sunny brought the cracked glass to his lips and gulped all the remaining wine down in one go.

Then, maintaining perfect composure, he reached for the wine bottle with a trembling hand.

Nephis observed his actions helplessly.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

She sighed, then said in a placid tone:

«In short.., yes, I will go on a real date with you, Master Sunless, I'll be delighted to.»

**********


                                Chapter 1775: Knight Commander
--------------------
It was already getting dark when Sunny and Nephis returned to the Brilliant Emporium.

The rest of the dinner in the upscale restaurant had been uneventful. They had agreed to turn their pretend relationship into a real one - or at least try to. However, neither of them wanted for their first actual date to happen right there and then, in a place carefully prepared by someone else to create a false impression of how they felt about each other.

Sunny wanted to be the one making plans, at least, considering that he was the person who had invited Nephis on a date.

So, they enjoyed the food and discussed the play, both failing to hold back an occasional smile. Then, Nephis walked him home. Neither talked much on the way, but the silence wasn't awkward. Instead, it was comfortable and pleasant, full of unspoken potential.

Finally, they reached the quiet street where the Brilliant Emporium was located. The lake was just beyond the cottage.

Sunny and Nephis stopped near the porch. The sun was rolling behind the horizon, washing the world in the fiery blaze of its last rays. All throughout Bastion, shadows crawled from the dark corners, shrouding the city in twilight. Sunny was standing in the shade cast by the walls of the cottage, while Nephis was in the light, her striking grey eyes reflecting the splendor of the sunset.

She smiled faintly.

I will see you soon, then. Thank you for today, Master Sunless."

He bowed elegantly and answered with a smile of his own:

"I'll be counting the days until our next meeting, Lady Nephis."

She hesitated for a moment, then took a step back. The cascading sunlight shone radiantly behind her, forming into two beautiful white wings.

Nephis was ready to return to her heavenly palace.

Before that, however...

She lingered, then suddenly took a step forward and stopped right in front of Sunny. Before he could understand what was happening, Nephis raised her hands, placed them on his shoulders, and pulled him into a tight hug.

Sunny's eyes widened. He was so startled by her actions that his mind refused to process what was happening. He just knew that he felt a lot of things... the warmth of her touch, the firmness of her embrace, the softness of her body...

A few moments later, Nephis let him go and drew back.

Sunny looked at her dazedly.

"What... was that for?"

She met his gaze and smiled slightly,

"Just something I've been wanting to do!

With that, she bent down a little.

Her soft lips touched his cheek lightly, which made Sunny's whole body shudder. The spot where she had kissed him seemed to be on fire. No, his entire being was.

'Damn it... she can sense exactly what kind of reaction she's having on me, can't she? That's... that's unfair!'

Nephis looked him in the eyes for a moment, then chuckled.

"And that is just something for you to think about while you are counting days!"

She backed away, then turned and pushed herself off the ground. Soon, her graceful figure disappeared in the radiance of the setting sun.

Sunny belatedly raised a hand and covered his

burning cheek.

Some time later, a heavy sigh escaped from his lips,

'She's either very cruel... or doesn't understand passion nearly as well as she thinks she does…’

A cold shower, That was what he needed now!

Turning around, Sunny hid a wide smile behind his hand and walked toward the door.

That... had been really unexpected.

'No, but when did she become so cool?’

Humming a simple melody, he entered the Brilliant Emporium. Sunny was so lost in thought that he didn't notice someone standing there, looking at him with wide eyes.

He only came to his senses when he heard them speak.

“...Wow."

Startled, Sunny finally noticed Aiko, who had been wiping the tables near the street side windows.

'Crap.'

Had she seen it all?

The petite girl stared at Sunny for a few moments, then slowly extended a tiny fist and raised her thumb.

"Boss... I admire you, boss! Good job! You work so fast!"

Sunny's expression collapsed.

He remained silent for a split second, then said in an even tone:

"Aiko, come here. Don't worry, I'll make it quick. It won't hurt at all..."

Soon, the sounds of something overturning and falling to the floor could be heard inside the Brilliant Emporium.

***

Nephis landed gracefully on the emerald grass of the Ivory Island. Her wings disappeared, and with them, the pain tormenting her receded, as well.

She took a deep breath, raised her head slightly, and headed to the tower. There were Fire Keepers busy with various errands here and there, and even more of them inside the great pagoda.

She answered to their greetings with curt nods, her face the usual inexpressive mask of steady confidence.

Just like that, she reached her personal quarters on the highest level of the Ivory Tower, entered them, and closed the door behind her.

A moment later, Nephis let out a shaky breath, leaned on the door, and covered her face with both hands.

Her cheeks turned an alarming shade of red all of a sudden.

"Ah! What did I do?! I'm crazy! I've actually lost my mind!"

Her voice was full of torment.

She was in the middle of having a miniature breakdown when a soft hand patted her reassuringly on the shoulder.

Nephis flinched and looked up, finally noticing Cassie, who was standing there with a bright smile on the delicate face.

The smile slowly turned into a grin.

"Don't be too hard on yourself, Neph. I think you did great!"

'Oh, gods... Cassie saw it all, didn't she?’

Nephis was suddenly mortified.

The blind seer remained mercifully quiet for a few moments, then added in a familiar deadpan tone:

"And that is just something for you to think about while you are counting days... ah, what a line! Even I was almost seduced, poor Master Sunless must have collapsed into a puddle as soon as you left... 1 didn't know you had it in you..."

A low groan escaped from Neph's mouth.

"It's... It's all your fault, you wicked woman! If you hadn't been whispering into my ear, I would not have... I would have... it wouldn't have happened this way!"

Cassie squeezed her shoulder one more time and laughed.

"What? What are you blaming me for? I think it all went well....

Nephis closed her eyes.

'Why am I reacting so strongly? There's a damn war approaching. There are more important things to worry about!’

She had been glad to be distracted from her burdensome responsibilities in the morning.

Who knew she would be a little bit too distracted by evening?

‘Ah... I'm in trouble…’

***

Unbeknownst to Sunny and Nephis, there were more repercussions to their actions that day.

Across the lake from the Brilliant Emporium, in the depths of the Castle, the elders of Clan Valor were having a strategic meeting. They, too, were preparing for war.

At some point, the door opened, and a short report was placed in front of a regal middle-aged woman. She read it briefly and sighed.

An old man with harsh eyes and a grey beard looked at her sternly.

"What is it?"

The woman pursed her lips.

"There is another report on Changing Star and that... Mongrel person. It appears that the girl is truly taken with him."

The rest of the elders all showed a reaction, most of them displaying some sign of displeasure.

The stern old man shook his head.

"That won't do, She doesn't have to offer herself for a strategic marriage, but spending time frivolously with some nobody... a princess of Valor can't be tied to a person with no background. This concerns the prestige of our great clan."

The woman raised an eyebrow.

"What do you suggest we do? Reprimand her? Or remove the man from the picture? These are delicate matters. Will you take responsibility?"

There was a long silence in the chamber, with no one daring to speak.

Eventually, the silence was broken by a frustrated sigh.

Everyone turned to look at a beautiful young woman with striking vermilion eyes who sat at the head of the table.

Morgan looked at the elders with a frown, then shook her head dejectedly and said:

"Why are you creating a problem out of nothing? Do you have a lot of time to waste?"

She glared at them for a few moments, then leaned back.

"I agree, Nephis can't be seen dating a nobody. So, what's the problem? Let's just knight that guy and be done with it. He won't be a nobody if we make him a Knight of Valor, will he? Hell, we can even put him in charge of some soldiers. There, problem solved."

The elders simply stared at her incredulously. Morgan smiled.

"I see there are no objections. Let's proceed with this plan, then. Now, about the issue with Saint Thane, he'll be arriving soon..."

And that...

Was how Sunny became an honorary Knight Commander of the Great Clan Valor.

Even if he did not know it yet.

**********


                                Chapter 1776:  Working Dead
--------------------
'So tired…’

Rain was sprawled on her threadbare sleeping bag, staring at the slanted roof of her modest tent Outside, the noises of the construction camp were churning like a sea, Just as loud as they had been throughout the day despite the late hour.

Out here, the work did not stop when the darkness fell.

For a very particular reason.

Rain had finished her long shift as a laborer, so her muscles were sore. Later, she crawled into her tent ready to pass out from fatigue, but instead of resting, she spent several hours arduously circulating her essence in an attempt to form a soul core. That was something she did every night, and although there were no signs of Awakening yet, the number of tiny grains she had created was growing steadily.

Rain had only stopped after becoming completely exhausted.

And now, she couldn't fall asleep because of the noise outside.

'Ah, damnation... I really need to get out of this place…’

The construction of the Eastern Road was progressing at a startling pace, She had to stay hidden among the road crews for a while, but that did not mean that she had to remain in the main camp. There were other assignments available for those daring enough to take them - scouting parties, advanced camps, subjugation troops, and so on.

It was just that the number of slots for these jobs was limited, and young mundane girls were not exactly at the top of the list for tough tasks.

Still, she wanted to leave the main construction camp as soon as possible.

It was not only cramped and noisy, but also a bit creepy.

That was because mundane laborers were not the only ones building the road. In fact, most of the work was being done...

By the dead.

Rain had not heard about anything like that happening in other construction crews, but the Eastern Road was special. Clan Song wanted it built very fast, for some reason, and so, the Queen had sent her personal servants to assist the builders.

The dead were dutiful workers. They never complained, never grew tired. They didn't need water or food. They just continued to build the road silently, without sleep or rest. Their frozen faces were calm and empty... men and women, young and old. Plenty of Nightmare Creatures were among them, as well, their monstrous eyes devoid of the usual frenzy.

Every time Rain left her tent early in the morning and saw the silent corpses working diligently in the dim light of dawn, she couldn't help but feel like she was in a strange, cold hell.

It was indeed very creepy... but people were very adaptable creatures. She observed the other laborers grow accustomed to the company of the dead with great speed.

She could understand them well. After all, the Queen's servants were doing the hard work that the laborers would have had to do themselves otherwise. The dead were also quiet, solemn, and never hurt anyone. All in all, as far as colleagues went, they weren't bad at all.

The unique culture of the Song Domain played a part in the speed with which the laborers had adapted to their presence, as well. Working side by side with the dead could have been terrifying if their origin was mysterious and sinister. But they had been sent by the Queen, and the Queen was revered and beloved by the citizens of her kingdom.

So, anything that had come from the Queen was seen in a positive light.

Anyway...

"What the hell are you doing? Be quiet!"

Giving up her attempts to fall asleep, Rain turned her head and hissed at the darkness.

The darkness, which had been humming a joyful melody, grew silent.

Her teacher was in a strange mood these days. He was way too carefree and cheerful, even by his standards.

The ancient fiend must have felt at home in the company of creepy corpses. Rain couldn't explain the sudden shift in his behavior any other way.

The darkness remained silent for a while, then sighed reproachfully.

"You are such a killjoy."

Rain stared in the direction of the voice with indignation.

"Teacher... your poor student is trying to sleep here. After working a long, arduous shift in the cold. And being fed tasteless slop by the camp wardens. Can't you go hum somewhere else?"

He chuckled.

"I can. But I don't want to... that woman is there, and she might see me."

Rain frowned.

"That woman?'

Was he talking about Saint Seishan, the overseer of the camp? Teacher seemed to be wary of the Queen's daughter...

Which was a bit strange. Ki Song did not have biological children, but she had raised many orphan girls. Among them, seven were now Saints, each possessing enchanting beauty and startling powers. The Queen's daughters were venerated and loved by the people of the Sword Domain almost as much as their mother was.

Rain's teacher did not show any reaction at the mention of the more famous of them, like Beastmaster or Silent Stalker, even joking about having had questionable relationships with them... but the more obscure of the Queen's daughters, Song Selshan, caused him to behave strangely.

Rain sighed.

"Why? What did you do... no, let me guess. Did you abandon her at the altar? It was something like that, wasn't it?"

Her teacher laughed quietly.

"What? No, nothing like that... it's just that when I was a young shadow, and she was going around devouring naughty youths, we crossed paths a few times, and it seemed like she was able to see me."

Rain did not know what to say.

'Can he at least try to be consistent with his lies? He said on multiple occasions that he's thousands of years old... so how could Saint Seishan have been there when that bastard was young? And what is that about devouring youths? I can believe that he has devoured a fair share of children, but Lady Seishan? Ridiculous!'

She sighed.

"In any case, Stop humming and let me sleep. I need to get up early if I want to snatch an assignment at one of the advanced camps... I hear they'll be establishing a new one this week.”

Her teacher scoffed.

"Fine, fine. Go to sleep, then. Oh, and by the way... don't worry. I managed to get a message to your family in Ravenheart. They know that you're safe. Well... that you are alive, at least."

Rain's eyes widened in the darkness.

"Really?"

He sighed.

"Really."

A smile appeared on her lips, and a palpable sense of relief spread in her chest. A heavy burden that she had been carrying was suddenly gone.

Her poor parents must have been so worried!

"Really, really?"

Her teacher cursed quietly.

"Yes! Listen... I am a very honest person. The most honest person in two worlds, even! When have I ever lied to you?"

She laughed quietly and turned on her side, finally closing her eyes.

'Yeah, sure... that statement is full of holes, Not only are you the most brazen liar I have ever met, it's even a question if you are a person.'

Rain relaxed, feeling sleep finally starting to envelop her mind in a soft embrace.

'But it's alright... tonight, I'll forgive you... thank you, teacher!’

Relieved and warmed by the news he had shared, she peacefully fell asleep.

Tomorrow, she was going to find away to leave the main camp.

**********


                                Chapter 1777 Hell on Wheels.
--------------------
In the morning, Rain crawled out of her tent feeling rested and refreshed. The sun had barely shown itself, rising above the distant horizon in all its pale glory — the world was still shrouded in darkness, but at least one could see where they were going.

One of the first things Rain had noticed after coming to Ravenheart was how darker the nights were in the Dream Realm, compared to NQSC. Out there in the waking world, humanity had long defeated and banished darkness from their homes, but here, it was still a tyrannical enemy.

«Ah… how cold.»

The main construction camp was already a hive of activity. The dead continued to toil silently in the distance, the sound of their tireless work reaching the small tent settlement like a persistent tide. By now, the road had extended far beyond the defensive palisade, so the whole camp would have to be moved soon — the road crews were nomadic in nature, following the roads they built.

The night shift laborers were returning to their tents, while those assigned to the day shift, like her, were waking up. The Awakened warriors guarding the camp were out on patrol, Food was being prepared, and oil lanterns were being put out.

Everyone was getting ready for a new day of work.

Rain yawned, rubbed her eyes, and walked slowly to the communal washroom.

Mercifully enough, the female laborers had a separate space to maintain hygiene, and since most of the hired laborers consisted of men, it was not too overcrowded. Still, there were whispers behind her back — Rain's body, after all, was a sight to behold… meaning that it was a bit scary to see, since she had never gotten the chance to visit a healer after slaying the Huntsman.

The bruises had mostly faded by now, but during her first few days on the road crew, her skin was as black and blue as it was fair and white. The bandages she wore to cover the cut on her side weren't bloody anymore, either. lіght\nоvel\cаve~c`о/m. The female laborers were more relaxed around her, but still a little wary.

Rain washed her face, brushed her teeth, and shivered miserably from the cold for a while. Then, wide awake, she returned to her tent and put her jacket on.

The breakfast was just as tasteless as the supper had been, but at least it was prepared from actual ingredients, not synthpase — the volcanic soil around Ravenheart was extremely fertile, so the harvests from the fields were enough to not only feed the entire city, but also supply the other settlements of the Song Domain with food.

Rain ate in solitude, since no one was brave enough to approach her. The male laborers often threw furtive glances her way, but shyly kept their distance. She did not know what was so frightening about her, really… maybe it was the sharp and feral aura of an abomination hunter, or the dark circles that were constantly under her eyes because of the lack of sleep.

She didn't mind sitting alone in the canteen, anyway. At least it gave her the chance to converse secretly with her teacher.

«Listen, Rain… I know that killing people is generally frowned upon. But if you want to strangle the sorry excuse for a cook they have in charge of the camp kitchen, I won't judge…»

Rain raised a tin cup, hiding her lips behind it, and answered quietly:

«Is that something you should be teaching your student, teacher? How to murder people?»

Her shadow remained silent for a while, then asked in a tone of confusion:

«Yes? What's wrong with a little murder?»

Rain exhaled slowly.

«I won't be killing the camp cook, thank you…»

Finishing her meal, she walked out of the canteen and headed for the crew management wagon.

On the way, Rain passed a team of tranquil corpses who were carrying sacks of gravel, once again feeling as if she had somehow ended up in hell. Then, she crossed the finished section of the road and paused for a few moments, looking down.

A small smile found its way onto her face.

Rain had enlisted as a road crew laborer out of necessity, but after spending some time at the wandering camp…

She realized that he liked it here a lot.

It was a bit magical, to see a beautiful road appear out of nowhere in the dreadful wilderness of the Dream Realm. Like watching order and the human spirit triumph over chaos.

The road itself was an engineering marvel, as well.

Rain's father worked for the government, dealing with the complicated logistics that went into making it function. He rarely brought his work home, and yet, she had a better understanding of how wondrous the infrastructure of the world was than most of her peers.

Before the Dark Times, humans often admired the so-called wonders of the world — grand structures that defied imagination. However, Rain was of the opinion that the greatest thing that humanity had built, by far, rarely received any attention.

It was the network of roads that used to connect all the cities of the waking world, enveloping it like a planet-sized spider web. The scale of it was almost unfathomable… and that was just the physical scale. The role it played for the infrastructure of the world, the amount of goods and people being transported over those roads every day, was even more unimaginable.

Of course, that era was long gone. Most of the waking world had been lost, and most of the roads that the humans had built were destroyed. These days, only a scattering of reinforced railroads and easily defendable highways remained, connecting the walled cities of humanity together.

There were fewer of them being used each year.

That was why Rain felt glad to have joined the road construction camp. The road was being built right in front of her eyes, and she found herself deeply excited by the building process. The engineering, the logistics, the problem solving… all of it was both fascinating and wonderful.

The wide cobbled road appearing as a palpable, undeniable result of it all was a joy to behold. Building things spoke to something buried deep in her heart.

It was sort of like the soul core that she was creating, one grain of sand at a time.

That was why Raun spent all of her free time which there wasn't a lot of — observing every part of the construction process, from the way laborers were managed to the way the dead lay layers of sand, gravel, and crushed rock in the dug trench before cobblers got to work.

It was to the point that she was a little reluctant to leave the main construction camp behind, even if it resembled a wandering hell.

However…

There was more to building a road than simply constructing it. The other assignments were also part of the process. So, she was curious about them, too.

Enjoying the solid feel of the paved stones under her boots, Rain crossed the pristine road and entered the northern part of the camp.

It was much different from the chaotic settlement where the laborers lived. Here, the tents were much larger and more luxurious, and there were even a few semi-permanent buildings with wooden walls. Everything seemed cleaner and more orderly.

That was where Awakened and the managers lived and worked.

The crew management office was actually a huge wagon with a two-level wooden building constructed on it. When the camp migrated, it was pulled along the newly constructed section of the road by two enormous Echoes, but now that the camp was stationary, the wagon was simply standing there.

Rain took a deep breath.

«Hopefully, I can get a new assignment today!»

She was quite hopeful.

**********


                                Chapter 1778 Survey Team.
--------------------
A familiar road manager was leaning on the side of the wagon, drinking a cup of coffee and watching the sun rise. Noticing Rain, he spared her a crooked smile.

«Ah. It's you again, Rani.»

Rain almost stumbled.

«Damn.»

Rani is what she was known as on the road crew. Since she was hiding here, using her own name would have been silly… the problem was that Rain had not thought about that right until the moment she was asked to introduce herself.

So, put on the spot, she had failed to come up with anything and mumbled the first thing that entered her mind.

Which was why her teacher had mocked her relentlessly for a whole week.

«No, really? Rani? The best you could do was shift two letters around? I just can't… gods, everything I've been through, and I'll die of laughter…»

Rain had endured the mockery for as long as she could, and then kindly reminded her teacher that he went around calling himself Shadow.

So, he wasn't in a position to critique her naming sense, was he?

That, luckily, had shut him up.

In any case, by now, she was more or less accustomed to responding to «Rani.»

Which was not to say that she wasn't embarrassed every time she heard it.

«Good morning, chief.»

The man stared at her for a few moments, then sighed.

«Listen, Rani… I get it, the pay in the advanced camps is higher. But what's the use of having money if you are dead? It's quite dangerous out there, you know! A young girl like you should just stay here in the main camp. Actually, even the main camp is not a good place. If my daughter wanted to come here from Ravenheart, I would have locked her up.»

He took a sip of coffee and shook his head.

«Why don't you change your mind?»

Rain gave him her best smile.

«Still, chief… I hear they are establishing a new camp soon. Please reassign me.»

He grimaced.

«I'm sorry. Actually, all the spots are already filled… it's a tough job, especially now that we are so far away from Ravenheart. We have strict orders to prioritize the strongest and most resilient recruits for these postings.»

Seeing that her expression fall, the manager hesitated for a few moments, then let out a heavy sigh.

«Okay, okay… I'll help you out. Just don't pout Rain blinked a couple of times.»

«I… I'm not pouting!»

The man laughed.

«Sure, right. Anyway, I can't get you a spot in an advanced camp, but if you just want to get out of the main construction crew and make some extra money, there's another assignment coming up.»

Her eyes glistened.

«Really?»

He looked around cautiously, then leaned forward a little:

«I'm only telling you this because you're a good kid and might be suitable for the task. There's a new survey team being formed. The core of the team are Awakened warriors, of course, but they need mundane porters, as well as someone to tend to their daily needs… wash the dishes, patch up tents, stuff like that.»

The manager paused for a moment, then added quietly:

«Since survey teams are small and can move freely, It's not as dangerous as staying at an advanced camp. Usually, I would still recommend strong men for the position, but this team is a bit special. It is actually run by a young lady from a Legacy Clan, so… I thought that having a girl of similar age there would be of help.»

He looked at Rain and smiled:

«Play your cards right, Rani, and you might even end up as a retainer of the Legacy clan! Legacies can be snobbish, but still. It's a good opportunity for simple folk like us.»

She hesitated for a moment, then grinned.

«Survey team? That's great! Thank you, chief!»

Survey teams were just what they sounded like they were small reconnaissance groups exploring the wilderness to map out the best route for the road to take. Of course, the nature of the job was quite peculiar here in the Dream Realm, where different regions could have entirely different terrain, climate, geology, sky, and even unique laws of physics.

More than that, the survey teams were not only meant to study the landscape, but also to scout out the Nightmare Creatures populating it. If there were especially dangerous abominations ahead, the road would be rerouted to avoid their hunting grounds.

Rain's grin wavered a little.

The road manager meant well… but he clearly knew close to nothing about the Dream Realm. A survey team seemed like a safer bet to him, but actually, there was probably no assignment more dangerous in the road crew.

No wonder they put an actual Legacy in charge of it.

Still… Rain could take care of herself better than any other mundane person here. Plus, being on a survey team was even better for her than running to an advanced camp — the fewer people were around her, the lesser was the possibility of being discovered.

So, this opportunity was a godsend.

Rain gave the road manager a thumbs-up.

«I won't forget it! I'll treat you to something nice once my team returns, chief!»

The man chuckled.

«Yeah, yeah. Just return in one piece, girl… that will be the best gratitude.»

With that, he pointed her to a certain tent in the northern part of the camp and said wistfully:

«Go gather your things and report there by the time the morning shift is supposed to start work. I'll do the paperwork by then.»

Rain thanked the road manager and turned to leave. As she was walking away, he called out to her.

«May the Queen's grace protect you!»

She halted for a moment.

«Uh… yeah, Thanks, You too!»

It felt weird to see how readily the settlers accepted Queen Song as not only their ruler, but also a… a surrogate goddess, of sorts, Sure, the Sovereigns possessed unimaginable power — Saints were already called demigods at times, and the Supremes were far above them in all regards.

But, still… Ki Song was just a human, just like the rest of them. So was the King of Swords. Watching people treat them with religious zeal made Rain a little uncomfortable.

She wasn't really sure why, since most of them were still good people. It was just that there was an inevitable element of surrendering your own judgment when one acted with blind faith… and if you followed someone blindly, who was to say that they would not lead you into a dark place?

On the other hand, perhaps it was only logical that the people of the Song Domain treated their Queen as a deity. Most of them were only alive because of her grace, after all, and would be swallowed by the Nightmare Spell without her. lіght\nоvel\cаve~c`о/m. From the point of view of a mundane person, her vast power would indeed seem godlike.

Gathering her pack, Rain asked thoughtfully:

«Teacher… can a person become a god?»

Her shadow moved slightly.

«That's an unexpected question.»

He lingered for a few moments, then said neutrally:

«Sure, It's possible.»

Rain continued to gather her things, thinking that his answer was over.

But then, her teacher added suddenly:

«Not only is it possible, it is also necessary.»

Rain stopped what she was doing and looked at her shadow in surprise.

«What's that supposed to mean?»

He remained silent for a while, then laughed.

«It means just that. Why, do you feel insecure? Alright, alright… I won't insist that you become a goddess… just yet. But honestly, for a student of mine to aim any lower is a bit shameful…»

She stared at the shadow for a while, then scoffed and turned back to her pack.

«…Why did I even ask?!»

Rain was pretty sure that becoming a deity was not in the cards for her.

However, with such a teacher… she definitely had a chance of developing divine patience.

**********


                                Chapter 1779 Leaving the main camp.
--------------------
Rain was used to spending time in the wilderness, so it did not take her a long time to pack her things and take down the tent. Her bow was unstrung and attached to the pack, and so were her quiver and sword — usually, she would have kept the weapons on the ready, but since there would be a cohort of Awakened leading the survey team, it was better to keep a low profile.

There weren't a lot of mundane people who habitually hunted Nightmare Creatures, and since Rain was supposed to be hiding, she didn't want to attract undue attention.

Saying goodbye to the few acquaintances she had made in the main camp, she hurried to the tent the road manager had mentioned.

Rain felt both relieved and a little wistful, knowing that she might never see this place again.

As she was nearing the large tent, there was the sound of several voices. Her teacher suddenly mumbled something from the shadows:

«No, it can't be… can it? Curses, it is! Damn, I knew this would happen!»

He sounded alarmed.

She slowed down and stared at her shadow in confusion.

«Teacher, is something the matter?»

He remained silent for a few moments, then said in a grave tone:

«Rain, I need you to listen to me very carefully She tensed, overcome by sudden fear, Her teacher, meanwhile, continued somberly.»

«There is a guy named Ray in that tent. Keep away from him… at all costs! Don't talk to him, don't listen to him… better yet, don't even look at him. Treat him like he has the plague. Do you understand? Nod if you understand!»

Rain stared at her shadow in bewilderment.

«W-why? Is he some kind of terrible fiend? Is he v-very dangerous?»

Her shadow stirred.

«Yes! Very, very dangerous! And he is something way worse than a terrible fiend…»

His voice shook with some dark, chilling emotion.

«…He's a male teenager! So, keep your distance, alright? Nod if you understand!»

Rain blinked a couple of times.

«Huh?»

Her teacher hissed.

«What are you spacing out for? I said to nod if you understood. Why aren't you nodding?»

She took a deep breath, holding back many unflattering words.

«What on earth, teacher… you scared the hell out of me.»

He scoffed derisively.

«You should be scared! A guy like that is a deadly threat for sheltered young ladies.»

Rain remained silent for a while, then looked down at herself.

Rugged leather clothes, a body covered by bruises, dirty bandages hiding a barely healed cut on her side, calloused hands…

Where were these sheltered young ladies her teacher was talking about?

Shaking her head, she exhaled slowly and resumed walking.

«Got it. I'll keep that in mind.»

«Crazy bastard.»

Her shadow followed.

«Hey! I didn't see you nod!»

Ignoring him, Rain approached the tent, knocked on the door post, and entered.

The spacious tent was a completely different beast from her own. The tent Rain used was meant for one person to sleep in, while this one was basically a small building. There were several compartments, field furniture, and one could stand Inside without bending their back.

At the moment, there were about a dozen mundane humans gathered near the entrance, all laborers like her — most of them were men, but there were a couple tough-looking women as well.

In the open space in front of them, four people were having a quiet conversation. Rain didn't need to look twice to know that they were Awakened.

One was a delicate young woman with fair skin and red hair, wearing a beautiful silk robe. One was a young man in leather armor, who was leaning on a table with a sullen expression. The third one… was clearly the Legacy.

She was a young woman with tan skin and strange ashen hair, wearing an intricate suit of full plate armor forged from lustrous steel. Her expression was serious, and her gaze was sharp.

Of course, all three were undeniably gorgeous, like all Awakened were.

It was the fourth person that drew all attention, though.

Rain held her breath.

There, in front of her, a stunningly beautiful woman in modest red garments was addressing the young Legacy… a Master. And not just any Master, but one of the Blood Sisters — an elite group of Ascended who served Saint Seishan, and had come from the Forgotten Shore with her.

She was saying in a husky tone:

«…Time is of the essence, Lady Tamar, However, you must be careful. Do not get too close to the Hand, and whatever you do, do not cross the realm boundary: You should know the consequences. Be well, and I hope to see you again in two weeks.»

The Legacy nodded.

«With the mape you provided, there should not be any problem. Please relay my gratitude to the Saint.»

The beautiful Master bowed slightly and left, not sparing the mundane humans even a glance.

There were a few moments of silence, and then, the Legacy turned to them. Her expression seemed dark

«Gods…»

She was a baby!

All three of them were. None of the three Awakened was older than eighteen… Rain wasn't that far in terms of age, but she felt old and wizened when looking at them.

The Legacy frowned, then said coldly:

«I am Tamar of Sorrow. These are my companions, Awakened Ray and Awakened Fleur. You should have been told about the nature of the task… our goal is to conduct the final survey of the environment for the last stretch of the Eastern Road. We will depart in two hours.»

Rain studied Lady Tamar with curiosity. She didn't seem especially mean, but definitely had a severe personality. Although… considering her age, she must have Just Awakened recently. This survey was most likely the first mission she had received as an Awakened, so the young Legacy was definitely under tremendous pressure to perform well. Perhaps that was the reason for her harshness.

«Great.»

Well, it didn't matter too much. Rain was not planning on following the road manager's advice to gain the girl's friendship and affection during the journey — she did not need another benefactor. In fact, dealing with the one she had was already testing the limits of her patience.

It was far more likely that she would barely exchange a few words with the proud Legacy in the next few weeks.

Awakened Tamar, meanwhile, briefly addressed each of the mundane laborers to learn their names and evaluate their character.

She reached Rain last and stopped in front of her.

«Name?»

Rain answered respectfully without looking the Legacy in the eyes:

«Rani.»

At that, Tamar was supposed to move on. However, she lingered for a moment and looked at Rain's pack.

Then, she asked unexpectedly:

«How good are you with that bow?»

Rain finally looked directly at the leader of the survey team and smiled faintly.

«I'm decent.»

The Legacy frowned.

«What about that sword?»

For a moment, Rain had a ridiculous thought of saying something outrageous, like that she was probably a better swordsman than the three of the young Awakened combined.

For some unknown reason, she wanted to brag when stared down by the beautiful Legacy girl.

Instead, she said simply:

«I can handle it fine.»

Finally, Tamar studied her clothes.

«Do you have experience trekking in the wilderness?»

Rain nodded.

«Some.»

The Awakened girl sighed, then finally looked away.

«Good. I was wondering why they sent someone that young, but it seems that you are not completely helpless… Rani. Don't slow us down.»

Rain suddenly wanted to laugh.

How could that baby-faced Awakened call someone too young with a straight face? Legacy training was someone else, indeed!

Of course, she didn't laugh.

Instead, she bowed slightly.

«Ah, yes, Lady Tamar. I'll do my best.»

Two hours later, the departed the main camp and set out into the wilderness.

**********


                                Chapter 1780 Moonriver Plain.
--------------------
The Eastern Road had been built incredibly fast. By now, it reached far from Ravenheart, entering a new region of the Dream Realm.

The mountains were out of sight, and there was no ash falling from the sky. There was no human presence, either the barren wasteland stretched as far as the eye could see, with rolling hills and deep canyons breaking the landscape here and there.

Sometimes, without any warning, the deep canyons would suddenly let out a low, weeping roar. Then, they would overflow with rushing water and turn into countless rivers. Those rivers eventually merged far to the south, forming the Great Waterfall.

Since the cliffs of the waterfall resembled a beautiful face from a certain angle, especially under moonlight, it was also often called the Weeping Goddess.

That was where the Citadel of Clan Sorrow stood.

Clan Sorrow was an old one, and held a special position in the Song Domain — that was because the lake below the waterfall, known as the Lake of Tears, gave birth to a great river, which was similarly called the River of Tears. That river flowed through several regions of the Dream Realm, serving as a waterway for the Song Domain, while its estuary was on the dusky shores of the Stormsea.

Its significance had always been great, but now that isolated Citadels were turning into thriving cities, the importance of the River of Tears as the connective tissue of the Song Domain was impossible to underestimate.

The Citadel of Clan Sorrow was perched on the cliffs of the Great Waterfall, while the city it now governed was below it, on the shores of the Lake of Tears. It was now an important logistical hub…

Well, at least that was what Rain had heard. She had never been there herself, of course.

In any case, the great waterfall and the homestead of young Lady Tamar were far to the south. What concerned Rain now were the deep canyons they had to cross.

The area they were traversing was an inhospitable place. The soil was rocky, and the sun was small and distant. There was little snow, but the air was frigid and cold. There were ancient ruins here and there, rising from the ground like forlorn obelisks to the meaninglessness of life. All in all, it was a bleak land.

It transformed at night, though, because there were three beautiful moons illuminating the starlit sky. That was the first time Rain had seen such an alien sight, so she was both awed and impressed.

There was little time to enjoy the view, though, because the Moonriver Plain was quite dangerous.

This far from Ravenheart, the wilderness was not thoroughly tamed. There were plenty of Nightmare Creatures stalking the deep canyons and nesting in the old ruins. The terrain itself was treacherous, as well, because one had to be careful not to plummet into the cavernous fissures or be swept away by the sudden appearance of the rushing rivers.

There had been stone bridges built over the canyons once, but most of them long collapsed. The road crew would have to build new ones to lay down the road, which was why the construction had slowed down as of late.

Still… there was nothing but Death Zones east of the Moonriver Plain, so it wasn't hard to guess that the road crew would finish its work soon. Rain was still unclear on why Queen Song wanted to build a road to a dead end, but she was not in a position to ask questions.

In short, the survey team was struggling to make progress.

It consisted of a dozen mundane porters, several survey specialists, three Awakened, one Ascended Echo, and one dead pilgrim.

Rain's job was to help push the carts with survey equipment during the day, and do camp chores at night. It could have been exhausting, but the constant need to cross the canyons gave her plenty of time to rest.

In fact, Rain might have been the most comfortable of the survey team members.

Everyone else was constantly suffering. Their boots were wet, their feet were blistered, they were either too cold or too hot, their bodies were tired from the strain of climbing over the canyons… but to her, it was like a relaxed walk. A vacation, really — doing construction work at the main camp had been much more exhausting.

Her clothes and equipment were perfectly suited for the journey due to her rich experience of hunting abominations in the wild. She was relaxed and comfortable, enjoying the forgiving pace and light responsibilities of a mundane porter.

There was no need to fight any Nightmare Creatures, even!

The few times the survey team was attacked, the three young Awakened had dealt with the danger confidently. Despite the small size of their cohort, they were well-matched to face the dangers of the Dream Realm.

The guy her teacher had warned her about, Ray, could hide his presence and even turn invisible. That alone allowed them to deal with most abominations safely.

Young Lady Tamar, meanwhile, possessed a powerful combat Aspect and served as the bulwark of the small cohort, Her Memories were also of a higher quality than most Awakened would have access to, which helped her excel in her role as a melee specialist.

The delicate girl, Fleur, was even a healer. Her Dormant Aspect Ability could alleviate fatigue, while her Awakened Ability could stem bleeding and speed up the healing process.

And when the three faced something out of their league, the Ascended Echo was there to level the playing field.

The Echo looked like a giant, monstrous wolf, and was a gift Tamar had received from her clan. Rain wasn't sure about the Class of the creature, but it seemed ferocious enough to deal with most threats they had faced so far.

So, Rain could just relax and enjoy her role as a helpless mundane girl.

Of course, she continued to work on her soul core at night.

By now, controlling her essence had become quite familiar to her. She was also constantly practicing to make her control more fine and precise… turning the flow of essence into a raging whirlpool was still hard and exhausting, both physically and mentally, but she wasn't as drained after each meditation as she had been before.

She could also feel her body slowly growing stronger, as if benefitting from the constant flow of essence, It was a tiny difference, but a rewarding one, since it indicated that she was making progress.

If there was one thing Rain felt worried about, it was her teacher.

Although he didn't really show it, she could tell that he was tense, for some reason. He hid deeply in her shadow and didn't talk much, especially when the dead pilgrim was close by, but more than that… when he did speak, he tried to hurry her more insistently than ever before.

It was as though her Awakening was suddenly an urgent matter.

«I'm already trying as hard as I can…»

Feeling sullen, Rain pushed one of the carts across the barren wasteland. The day was coming to an end, so they would stop soon.

And just as she thought about it, Awakened Fleur commanded the survey team to stop.

She looked ahead, where another canyon barred their way, and sighed.

«We will camp here tonight.»

**********

