Shadow Slave - PART 131
Chapters 1301 to 1310
==============================


                                Chapter 1301 Fourth Mastery
--------------------
The Outsiders and the Riverborn... the revelation of the difference between them was enough to boggle Sunny's mind. He had already been prepared to encounter all kinds of bizarre situations inside the Tomb of Ariel, but what Ananke told them sent him for a loop.

It was because Sunny had only considered the odd perils of the Great River in relation to himself, not in relation to a whole civilization. The way the River People lived was fundamentally different from anything he had ever known... because the most fundamental truth of the world - time - worked differently for them.

The first settlers of the Tomb of Ariel had all been Outsiders, so how great must their shock have been when their children were born so different from them? How much pain did that division bring, how much sorrow? How much effort did it take for them to create an entirely new kind of society?

With time, the number of Riverborn grew, while the number of Outsiders dwindled. However, the civilization that Ananke had described could not function without the Outsiders, who could travel the Great River and served as the connective tissue between various cities established on it.

What was it like for them, to see their children remain forever young? What was it like for the Riverborn, to watch their parents age when they never did? To see them leave when they couldn't?

...How did Riverborn children even become adults?

Suddenly, the story of the followers of Weaver being chased far upstream gained a much darker undertone.

Sunny shivered.

The civilization of the Great River turned out to be much stranger than he had thought. It was so strange, in fact, that he struggled to imagine it.

And that was not even mentioning the fact that Old Ananke had turned out to not be old at all... while also being ten times his age.

'Ah, I can't think anymore...'

It was too much to digest... especially this early in the morning.

Sunny summoned the Endless Spring and washed his face, then opened Ananke's wooden box. There was not much food left inside, which made him sigh.

Taking out a teapot and a plate brimming with juicy braised meat, rolled in seaweed leaves, he sat down and stared at the seven suns for a few moments.

'...Dusk of Fallen Grace is one of the original sybils. If Ananke, who was born long after they had entered the Tomb of Ariel, is two hundred years old, then what about Dusk?'

What about the Defilement? For how many centuries had the sybils fought against the spreading Corruption before losing all their cities except Fallen Grace?

In other words... for how long had the enemy been growing stronger, while their potential allies had been growing weaker?

Shaking his hand, he poured the tea into two cups and grabbed a seaweed roll.

'No matter how long it has been, I need to grow stronger, too, and do it quickly.'

A few more days passed. Nephis had spent them diligently learning how to control the ketch with the Names, while Sunny mostly sat at the bow, looking at the water silently.

Sometimes, he would allow himself to get distracted and either think about the Tomb of Ariel or study the Estuary Key. Almost all his time, however, was dedicated to mastering the fourth step of Shadow Dance.

Feeling that he was on the brink of an epiphany, Sunny even abandoned sleep. The seven suns rose and fell, but he remained motionless, his eyes veiled by deep shadows.

And then, finally, in the twilight of dusk...

Sunny suddenly straightened and opened his eyes wide.

'This is it...'

In his mind, countless memories, insights, and experiences clicked together with a deafening thunderclap. The feeling of being embraced by the dark carapace of the Shadow Shell, the strange state of dissolving into shadows only to manifest himself into a tangible form... the memories of the Red Colosseum, where he slowly learned to fight in the unfamiliar body of the shadowspawn... the harrowing labyrinth of nightmares, the furious battle with the Azure Serpent...

All of it came together.

Being able to peer into the essence of the enemy, to mimic them both in thought and action. Training his body to be supremely adaptable and flexible. Breaking the rigid constraints of his mind to make it formless and shapeless, akin to a shadow. Those were all necessary steps, without which this evolution would not have been possible.

It was all for this moment.

It was all... to truly become a shadow.

'I see now.'

As Sunny gazed into the twilight, the encroaching darkness around him moved and stirred.

At the same time, a familiar voice whispered into his ear:

[You Aspect Legacy mastery has increased.][You have received the right to claim a Legacy Relic.][...Your Shadow has evolved.]

Sunny let out a soft sigh.

Finally... after so long, he finally took another step.

Instead of summoning the runes immediately, he closed his eyes and assessed the breakthrough he had made.

The fourth step... it was a departure from his previous understanding of Shadow Dance, indeed. It was not about understanding the enemy to absorb their battle style and anticipate their moves. It was not even about peering into their essence to know their feelings and intentions.

It was about becoming the enemy, both in thought and in flesh.

Just like he had done with Daeron of the Twilight Sea.

As a result... the previous skills Sunny had cultivated through practicing Shadow Dance had all grown stronger. His ability to shadow his enemies had been elevated to a new level, and would allow him to do it much faster, as well as to a wider extent.

More importantly, his ability to learn the structure and function of the bodies of various creatures had been elevated tremendously. Up until now, Sunny had only ever achieved two forms except for his own - that of the shadowspawn, and that of the river serpent. The former was the result of his many experiences in the Second Nightmare, while the latter was the result of an entire month of constant and meticulous observation.

He wouldn't need a month to learn a new form anymore. Of course, he wouldn't be able to do it instantaneously, either - but the amount of time was drastically reduced. Sunny felt that he would have been able to become a river serpent in a week if he had mastered the fourth step before the dark island.

But that was because the Azure Serpent had been so much greater than him, and so very different from him. At the same time, the mad beast had been a human once, and thus not entirely alien. Some forms would take less time, while others would take longer.

...And the more forms he learned, the easier creating the next one would become.

'But it is also dangerous.'

The third step of Shadow Dance was dangerous, but the fourth step was much more so. If Sunny wasn't careful about changing his form too drastically and too often, he could very well lose the connection to his own.

'I'll be careful.'

He sighed, then opened his eyes and finally summoned the runes.

Sunny really wanted to check how Soul Serpent had evolved, but the runes of his absent Shadow were lifeless and dull. He couldn't summon more information about Serpent while it was away.

So, he turned to his Aspect Legacy instead and read, holding his breath:

Aspect Legacy: [Shadow Dance].Shadow Dance Mastery Level: [4/7].First Relic: Claimed.Second Relic: Claimed.Third Relic: Claimed.Fourth Relic: [Claim].Fifth Relic: Unearned...

Sunny lingered for a moment, and then whispered quietly:

"Claim."

Nothing happened for a few seconds.

Then, it seemed as though the world turned a little darker, and the Spell spoke:

[You have claimed an Aspect Legacy Relic.]

Its words echoed above the flowing water. There was silence for a moment, and then, the Spell whispered:

[...You have received a fragment of Shadow's Domain.]

**********


                                Chapter 1302 Absolute Law
--------------------
Sunny froze, paralyzed by the whisper of the Spell.

'...What?'

Had he heard right? Had it really said... a fragment of Shadow's Domain?

Of a god's Domain?

'No, wait...'

What even was a Divine Domain, and how could there be a fragment of it? How could there be a fragment of any Domain, for that matter? Weren't Domains more concepts than things?

What could a fragment of a concept look like?!

Sunny took a deep breath, trying to calm himself.

'Slow down. Think... most importantly, don't fall off the ketch!'

He was so out of it that he had almost swayed and tumbled over the side of the boat. Sunny was more than fed up with suddenly falling into water, thanks to the Spell, so he hurriedly took a step back.

'A fragment of Shadow's Domain...'

Come to think about it... hadn't he heard something similar once? During the Second Nightmare, when they assaulted the Ivory City, the moon had been suddenly devoured by an enormous shadow, and the world was plunged into darkness.

When that happened, Noctis said... that he had not expected Sevras to possess a piece of Shadow's domain.

Ivory Dragon Sevirax was a direct descendant of Sun God and an immortal Saint, and yet it was strange for him to possess something like that. And now, Sunny received a piece of a god's Domain, too?

'D-damn...'

Sunny needed a few minutes to calm down. During these minutes, his imagination ran wild. He fantasized about all kinds of developments, from immediately becoming a Sovereign to instantly ascending to the Divine Rank.

However, his rationality eventually won.

'It doesn't work like that.'

Indeed, possessing a fragment of someone else's Domain did not mean having one of your own. More than that, the Ivory Lord, who had used his piece of Shadow's domain to seal the moon and rob Noctis of his power, had not shown any ability above what a Saint from a divine bloodline should have possessed.

So, while the fourth Aspect Relic of Shadow Dance had to be immensely valuable, it was definitely not a broken cheat item that would turn Sunny into a god among men.

'Yes, but... just what the hell is it, and what can it do?'

He threw a sideways glance at Nephis and Ananke, then turned back to the shimmering runes.

'And where the hell is it?'

Sunny read the runes from the very first one.

Name: Sunless.True Name: Lost from Light.Rank: Ascended.Class: Tyrant.Shadow Cores: [5/7].Shadow Fragments: [1448/5000].Memories: [Silver Bell]...

The Crown of Twilight was the last Memory on the list. The fragment of Shadow's domain was not among the Memories.

Neither was it among the Echoes, Shadows, Attributes, or Abilities. In fact, there was no indication of it anywhere...

'Wait, no. What is that?'

A single new rune appeared close to the end of the shimmering field of symbols. Sunny blinked as he stared in that direction.

Aspect Abilities: [Shadow Control], [Shadow Step], [Shadow Manifestation].Aspect Legacy: [Shadow Dance].Flaw: [Clear Conscience].??Dream Anchor: Tower of Longing.

'What are those question marks?'

He concentrated on the rune that had no meaning except for the lack of it, and there were suddenly a few more beside it.

Sunny's heart skipped a beat.

The new runes read:

[Fragment of the Shadow Realm].??: ????: ????: ??Description: [When Shadow made death, he has become death. Everything that Shadow swallowed died, and everything that died was swallowed by Shadow. Death was an absolute law, and thus, that which was everchanging was everchanging no more. Time was an absolute law, and thus, that which was everlasting was everlasting no more. Space was an absolute law, and thus, that which was endless was endless no more. Wielding time, space, and death, the gods defeated and bound their enemies. However, there were those who defied even absolute laws. One of these beings broke free of the Shadow Realm after being swallowed by it, and in doing so, splintered several small fragments of it. This is one of the fragments.??: [By calling upon the Fragment of Shadow Realm, its owner can summon a piece of Shadow's domain into existence.]

Sunny stared at the runes, perplexed.

'...Huh.'

Then, he stared at them some more.

'Huh?'

Finally, he dismissed them.

'Huh...'

An entire minute passed in complete silence.

'Well, I'll be damned.'

It seemed like... he had finally encountered something that existed outside the purview of the Nightmare Spell. Which was why the Spell was struggling to integrate the Shadow Realm Fragment into its generally all-encompassing system.

All the question marks and the awkward placement of the Fragment in the field of runes showed that much.

For some reason, that made Sunny feel dark glee. He was reveling in the image of the Spell being stumped and flustered...

On second thought, though, he quickly strangled that feeling. Sunny was more than certain that the Spell could read his mind. And while it was not exactly alive... most likely... he wouldn't go as far as to say that the Spell couldn't hold a grudge.

'No, no! It is completely understandable. I also can't make sense of that thing... yeah...'

The point was that the fourth relic granted to him by Shadow Dance could make a fragment of the Shadow Realm descend into the world. What that entailed, exactly... Sunny was not sure.

He had seen it happen once, in the Second Nightmare, and it caused the moon to be obscured by a giant shadow. Considering that he was a Master of Shadows and even one himself... something like that would definitely be very beneficial to him.

It was just that Sunny had no idea what the summoning would cost him, how it would transpire, or what the actual process was. He didn't even know if it could be done only once, or repeatedly... which was why he was hesitant to experiment and find out.

What would he do if the very first experiment turned out to also be the last time he could use the Shadow Realm Fragment?

As the seven suns drowned and the waters of the Great River started to shine, Sunny sighed and shook his head.

'Well, at least... if I am surprised by how that thing works, my enemies will definitely be surprised much more.'

Then, he shivered.

If a fragment of Shadow's Domain was the fourth relic of Shadow Dance... then what the hell would be the fifth?

...What about the seventh?

**********


                                Chapter 1303 The Great and Terrible Lord Sunless
--------------------
Eventually, they ran out of food. Ananke's wooden box was now completely empty - except for the plates and cups that Sunny had washed and carefully placed back. There was not even wine left, despite the fact that neither he nor Nephis were fond of alcohol, diluted or not.

The old woman seemed stricken by guilt at the lack of things to feed them... Although she was not that old anymore.

Ananke looked to be in her sixties now. Her figure remained small and gaunt, but her back was as straight as an arrow. The cataracts disappeared from her eyes, revealing their original piercing blue color. The thin white hair of the elderly priestess turned grey and full, and although her tan skin was still mapped with wrinkles, it was not brittle and transparent anymore.

Her frailness and fragility were gone, replaced by wiry tenacity. Overall, she resembled quite a healthy old woman now.

...That old woman was currently pacing the wooden deck, crushed.

"Oh, no. Oh, what a blunder. I should have prepared more..."

Sunny and Nephis looked at each other in confusion. After a few moments of silence, Neph cleared her throat and said:

"Grandm... Ananke. You don't have to worry about us. Sunny and I... we are both used to hunger and hardship. This is nothing."

The old priestess looked at them silently.

"But you are Children of Weaver. How can I..."

Nephis shook her head.

"How do you think Children of Weaver live?"

Ananke fell silent, then said hesitantly:

"I don't know."

Sunny sighed and leaned on the side of the ketch with a smile.

"That one once spent two years traveling through desolate hells all alone. I recently led numerous refugees across three thousand kilometers of abomination-infested mountains in bitter winter. We are used to storming the strongholds of dreadful horrors, clashing with titans, and surviving all kinds of unspeakable things. Hell... that one time, Nephis destroyed an entire sun. So believe her when she says that going a few days without food is nothing."

The old woman stared at them silently for a while, her eyes wide. Finally, she took a deep breath.

"Your glory rivals that of the Serpent King, my Lord and Lady... no wonder, no wonder..."

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"Serpent King?"

Ananke nodded with a distracted expression on her face.

"Yes... Daeron, the King of Twilight. We never met him or his people, but rumors of his deeds reached even Weave."

Sunny scratched the back of his head.

"Oh? I met him, though."

The old woman froze.

"My Lord... you met the Serpent King?"

He nodded, slightly embarrassed.

"Yeah..."

Then, Sunny looked away and added:

"...I killed him."

Ananke's blue eyes widened, prompting him to hurriedly add:

"Ah, but he was already corrupted! It's not like I just killed him for no reason."

The old woman remained silent for a while, then quietly sighed.

"...Fish. I am going to catch some fish. We will be arriving at Weave soon, but still. My Lord and Lady shouldn't suffer hunger while in my care."

With that, she turned away from them with a determined expression... which failed to hide a look of pure amazement.

Sunny chuckled quietly and closed his eyes, enjoying the warmth of the seven suns on his face. After a few moments, though, he opened them again and glanced at Ananke with curiosity.

He still wasn't sure how exactly one went about catching fish in the Great River.

As it turned out... Ananke had a very strange idea of what fish was.

First, she opened a hatch and produced several items from beneath the storage space beneath the deck - a large ceramic bottle, a bundled rope with a jagged hook attached to it, a set of heavy stone weights, and a scattering of softly shining soul shards, which were all stored in a transparent waterskin that seemed to be made from a swim bladder.

Then, she grabbed the bottle and climbed onto the helmsman bench, looking at the water from above. When Ananke opened the ceramic vessel, the stench of blood spread through the air.

The bottle was, indeed, full of blood.

The old woman whispered several words, which Sunny couldn't really make out despite hearing them clearly. At the same time, the ketch suddenly started to slow down, and a subtle, imperceptible change spread through the world. He suddenly did not feel as safe as he had before.

'Our concealment is broken.'

As Sunny tensed, Ananke poured the blood into the water and outstretched one of her hands. A whirlwind of sparks appeared around it, and soon, a long harpoon manifested itself into existence.

Rising the harpoon above her head, the old woman inhaled deeply, and then spoke one more word aloud.

In the next moment, it was as though an invisible and intangible shockwave spread outward from the ketch. Sunny did not know what its purpose was, but he felt something stir deep within his soul.

The thick blood dissolved in the water, causing it to turn red. Then, as if responding to a call... a swift shadow shot toward the ketch from the deep.

'Crap!'

Sunny scrambled to his feet, but before he could do anything, Ananke's wiry arm whipped forward, and her harpoon tore through the air with a fierce whistle. It plunged into the water and disappeared from view.

...A minute later, the old woman dragged the corpse of a Fallen Nightmare Creature onto the deck. The abomination was not too large, with a grotesquely deformed body and flesh that resembled a sponge.

Sunny shivered in disgust.

"We are going to it... that?"

The old woman shook her head.

"No, my Lord. This is simply the bait."

She summoned a curved knife and skillfully sliced the carcass of the creature open. Its blood refilled the ceramic bottle, while its soul shard joined the others in the transparent waterskin.

Finally, Ananke lodged the jagged hook in the abomination's flesh, attached the stone weights to it, and pushed the bladder of soul shards inside. Everything was done neatly, with practiced speed and precision, as if she had performed these actions a thousand times before.

Sunny and Nephis watched her silently.

Eventually, he rolled his shoulders and asked:

"Uh. If this is the bait... then what exactly are we catching?"

**********


                                Chapter 1304 Fishing in the Great River
--------------------
Hearing his question, the old woman smiled.

"This close to Weave? Huh... I hope it's a Bigmaw. Their meat is very tender."

Before they could ask what a Bigmaw was, she grunted and threw the dead abomination, as well as the stone weights, over the side of the ketch. As the bundle of rope swiftly unfolded, Ananke swiftly tied its end to a wooden post at the stern of the ketch with a sophisticated knot.

Soon, the bleeding carcass of the Nightmare Creature was being dragged a fair distance behind the boat, slowly sinking into the Great River. The old woman took up her harpoon again, this time gripping it with some tension. Her weathered face, however, was calm.

After waiting for a few minutes, she sighed.

"Usually, it would be an entire fishing party challenging the depths. But... I am the only one left, so..."

Ananke remained silent for a moment, and then smiled.

"Do not worry, my Lord and Lady. My harpoon has yet to miss. The fishes I catch never managed to swallow me up, either, and they won't today."

Sunny and Nephis silently looked at each other, then summoned their weapons.

However, there was no need.

When something massive finally rose from the depths, attracted by the scent of blood and the fragrance of soul essence, Ananke swiftly readied her harpoon, gazed at the water, and sent it flying with one decisive motion.

...Soon, they were roasting the meat of a Corrupted Monster over a bronze brazier. The "fish" the old woman had caught turned out to be a giant shark-like creature whose body was covered in tough bone armor. However, the harpoon had slid past the bone plates in the only spot where it was possible - above the creature's hidden gills.

Sunny did not know what enchantments Ananke's weapon possessed, but after striking the abomination in its the weak spot, the harpoon killed the Bigmaw in one blow. The monster was then dressed down, its succulent meat filling the wooden box, as well as the much larger storage space of the Covetous Coffer.

As she seasoned the roasting meat with salt, the old woman sighed.

"In the past, we would have harvested much more. Skin, scales, bones, swim bladder, fangs... nothing would have gone to waste. There are very few building materials to be found in the vast waters of the Great River, so maintaining a city is not an easy task. We River People have learned to use every resource available."

She placed a long strip of meat on the grill and shook her head.

"There's no need to be so frugal now, though. I am already thankful to the River for this sustenance. With it, I can feed Lord and Lady... that is enough."

Sunny hesitated for a few moments, then asked:

"But isn't it very dangerous, to hunt the Corrupted this way? You never know what will come from the depths, after all. This time, it was a Corrupted Monster. Next time, it could be a Great one, or something even more dreadful."

Ananke nodded, still concentrating on preparing a meal for them.

"Of course... it is very dangerous. Many fishermen die. Remember, though, that we were much stronger before. There were elders leading us, as well. The truly harrowing creatures very rarely come down the river, too... when they did, we usually learned in advance, and the whole city assembled to battle them. That is how Weave survived."

...Until it didn't.

Sunny sighed, thinking about the dying civilization of the Great River. There was presumably only one human city left in the Tomb of Ariel - Fallen Grace. How were they supposed to turn the tide of history and save it?

His somber thoughts were interrupted by Ananke, who placed a juicy piece of meat on a plate and offered it to him with a smile.

Her teeth had turned sturdy and white at some point.

"My Lord! Please, enjoy."

She seemed to be in a good mood.

Looking at the smiling old woman, Sunny couldn't remain sullen, either.

***

Two days later, something finally appeared on the horizon. It was a shining dot at the start, but as the ketch drew closer, the shape of a distant lighthouse could be seen, with sunlight reflecting from its polished bronze spire.

This was the first human-made structure that Sunny and Nephis had seen in the Nightmare. Looking at it filled their hearts with emotions... Nephis, especially, looked at the lighthouse with a distant expression. Its radiance reflected in her eyes, illuminating their ineffable depths.

Sunny shifted and turned to Ananke, who was still holding the steering oar.

"Have we reached Weave?"

She lingered for a few moments.

"A boundary of it, yes."

The old woman fell silent after that, and Sunny returned to Nephis. Noticing her distant, almost forlorn expression, he asked:

"Are you thinking about your First Nightmare?"

She nodded slowly.

With a sigh, Sunny placed a hand on Neph's shoulder and pulled her closer, allowing her to lean on him slightly. He didn't say anything, and neither did she. Together, they watched the lighthouse draw nearer.

Soon, the ketch moved close enough for them to see the details.

The lighthouse stood on a small island. That island, however, was not a natural one - instead, it seemed to have been crafted from the carapace of a sea monster and floated on water, supporting a large and solemn hall built of dark stone. The lighthouse rose from the hall, serving as its tower.

There was a long wooden pier protruding into the flowing waters of the Great River, as well. The strangest part, however, was that the island did not seem to be drifting with the current. Instead, it remained firmly in place.

Another startling detail was that the dark lighthouse with its shining spire... was not a lighthouse at all. Instead, it was a windmill.

Its long blades rotated slowly, pushed by the wind, white fabric rippling slightly as it circled between land and sky.

The island looked quite surreal, especially after weeks spent seeing nothing but flowing water. But it must have been really beautiful at night, illuminated from below by the opalescent radiance of the river.

Ananke finally spoke, her voice a little low:

"This... is the House of Parting."

**********


                                Chapter 1305 House of Parting
--------------------
"This... is the House of Parting. It is the furthest point of Weave as one travels upstream."

Ananke's voice sounded uncharacteristically dispirited.

'House of Parting...'

Sunny studied the artificial island and the solemn structure built upon it, then turned to the old woman and asked:

"It's... a windmill?"

She nodded.

"Yes, my Lord. The tower harvests the wind to maintain the island."

Ananke lingered for a second, and then added:

"The cities of the Great River are actually more akin to flotillas, each consisting of many city-ships - some small like this one, some spanning dozens of kilometers across. They migrate sometimes, but mostly they have to stay in place. There is nothing to anchor a ship to on the Great River, though."

Nephis raised an eyebrow.

"Is the Great River so deep that no anchor can reach its bottom?"

Ananke shook her head.

"It is not that the floor of the Great River is too deep, it's that it doesn't exist. No one has ever managed to reach it, at least... so, we had to find other ways."

She pointed to the rotating blades of the towering windmill.

"There are various ways to make a city-ship resist the current, from mundane ones to magical. The House of Parting... you can't see it from here, but there is a great water wheel at the back of the island, constantly propelling it forward at the same speed as the River pushes it back. Its mechanism is mostly powered by the current itself, but the windmill lightens the burden significantly."

She sighed.

"The island's mechanism is on the brink of collapse, now... I've tried to repair it as well as I could, but my knowledge is insufficient to keep an entire city from breaking apart. There's little point to, anyway."

Sunny and Nephis looked at the dark windmill, feeling a sense of awe. The island in front of them was actually the creation of incredible human ingenuity - a floating city district that used the wind and the power of the Great River itself to fight against the currents of time.

Even now that the people of Weave were gone, it was still pushing forward, refusing to become a thing of the past.

The ketch approached the island in solemn silence. As it drew close, Ananke released the wind filling the sails, skillfully guided the boat to the pier, and moored it to the pier with a piece of rope.

The three of them left the small ketch for the first time in a long, long while.

Feeling the sturdy wooden planks of the pier under his feet, Sunny enjoyed the fact that the ground was not swaying and took a few steps. He was swaying like a drunk himself for the first couple, but then regained his balance.

As he stretched his limbs, Nephis looked around and asked:

"The House of Parting... why was this place given such a name?"

Ananke smiled faintly as she headed toward the stone hall, and gestured for them to follow.

"It is the point of Weave that is the furthest upstream. You know that the bodies of Riverborn like me don't age... however, humans are not created to be immortal. If one lives for too long and her soul grows weary, she might want to rest in the embrace of Shadow."

The old woman turned around and looked at her ketch, tied to the peer of the House of Parting.

"When that happens, the one leaving comes to the House of Parting. Those who love them come too, to say farewell. They prepare a feast and celebrate. When all is said and done, the weary Riverborn sets sail to go on their last journey. They sail far, far upstream... until they reach the end of their lifespan and pass away. One way or another."

Ananke lingered for a while, and then added wistfully:

"Actually, I considered going on such a journey too, before receiving a dream of your arrival. Ah... ironically, I ended up repeating all the same steps, stopping just shy of the last one. It feels strange, to return to the House of Parting from upstream alive."

She chuckled and shook her head:

"In truth, there are two of these Houses. The other one is situated at the furthest point of Weave downstream... all other human cities on the Great River are the same, I'd imagine. The Lower House is meant for those who were not given a choice, and died an untimely death. Their bodies, if recovered, are sent downstream, to return to the Estuary - the origin of everything. Of course, every Outsider departs on their last journey from the Lower House, as well."

Sunny tilted his head, thinking. If the bodies of all perished Outsiders were sent downstream, and the Estuary was the source of the Defilement... was that how Dusk of Fallen Grace had ended up becoming a Nightmare Creature? Or had she succumbed to Corruption first, and was given the river burial as a result? She had been wearing a burial shroud when they first met, after all.

'Is she a friend or an enemy?'

Ananke sighed.

"My Lord and Lady... we will spend the night here. I will retrieve some of the supplies I stored on this island, and in the morning, we will continue on the way to Weave proper. There will be more supplies for you to take downstream there, so I hope you don't mind."

Sunny felt that spending the night in a place called the House of Parting was a bit ominous, but he was not going to refuse a night of sleeping on solid ground, with a roof over his head, out of superstition.

More than that, while he and Nephis had enjoyed plenty of rest on the way, Ananke had mostly stayed awake, controlling the ketch and preventing anything dangerous from happening to them. She had to take a break, too.

He nodded.

"Of course. Guide the way."

The old woman nodded, and continued walking toward the great hall.

Her steps were light and energetic.

By the time the seven suns fell into the river, the three of them were inside the House of Parting. The interior of the grand hall was beautiful and solemn, but at the same time strangely modest - the followers of Weaver had not been a prosperous nation, after all.

Looking at the decor of the stone hall, Sunny could clearly see which ornaments and decorations had been inherited from the original Outsiders, who came from the Dream Realm, and which were crafted by their Riverborn descendants.

Despite being attentive and earnest artisans, the Riverborn were clearly much less sophisticated than their ancestors, not to mention extremely limited in terms of resources.

In fact, he was surprised by some of the things he had seen already... the wood that Ananke's ketch and the pier of the House of Parting were built of, for example. Where had it come from? The fruits that she had treated them to, as well. There was no soil anywhere on the Great River, so how could there be trees? How could there be flour to bake pies, and tea leaves to brew tea?

Curious, he asked the old woman about it. She smiled:

"The trees? There are some. There are floating gardens and fields in Weave. They are not too large, of course, because the surface of the city is limited. So... we can only afford to eat fruit, bread, and rice on special occasions. Most of the year, the River People eat what the River gives."

Sunny looked down, suddenly feeling guilty. So the delicious food he and Nephis had been enjoying was something that Ananke herself had not tasted often.

They were currently in one of the smaller chambers of the House of Parting, the old woman preparing to cook them a late supper. He had been rather complacent in allowing her to take care of them... mostly because it felt great to be pampered by someone caring and kind, but also because Ananke was strangely adamant about treating Sunny and Nephis with utmost dedication.

However, he suddenly wanted something else to happen today.

Walking over to the old woman, he gently pushed her away from the table where all the ingredients were waiting to be prepared and cooked.

"Go rest, Ananke. I'll take care of everything."

She looked at him with big eyes.

"But, my Lord..."

Sunny resolutely shook his head.

"No 'buts'! You don't need to cook. Today, this lord is going to cook for you instead."

Throwing an evaluating look at the ingredients, he grinned and added:

"Do you know? I am planning to get rich by opening a restaurant in the future."

Then, he paused for a moment, scratched his head, and pointed at Nephis... who gave him a confused look in response.

Sunny smiled brightly.

"And that... is my star chef. Come and help your boss, chef! You don't want to get fired before the restaurant even opens, do you?"

-----

[Author's Note: Hey, guys :] I have good news and bad news. The good news is that I've been invited to participate in the Shanghai Online Literature Week. So, after close to two years of being chained to a laptop in a dark basement, this chapter gremlin... I mean, this dignified author is finally going to see sun again! The bad news is that due to traveling and participating in the conference, I won't be able to keep up with the usual writing schedule. So, from today and until about December 10th, there will be only one chapter published each day. I know that you are suffering from a crippling cliffhanger addiction just like me, but we must stay strong in these challenging times... Cheers!

**********


                                Chapter 1306 Paths of Ascension
--------------------
Sunny could not really treat Ananke to the staples of the waking world cuisine, since he lacked the ingredients. He couldn't even cook up the few classic military dishes, which were mostly based on using synthetic rations in inventive ways.

However, he and Nephis still managed to make a delicious meal - they were Awakened, after all, and Awakened were supreme masters of turning monster meat into all kinds of delightful dishes.

In fact, Awakened cuisine was as varied as its basic ingredients were limited. There were some fundamental skills taught to everyone, but each Citadel and region of the Dream Realm added its own flavor to the tradition. So, each Awakened cook was, in a sense, unique.

Take Sunny, for example... his fundamental skills had been taught to him by Teacher Julius. Since Teacher Julius was anchored in Bastion, Sunny's cooking acquired a hint of Bastion's tradition. Later, it was influenced by the flavor passed down to Nephis by the Immortal Flame clan, and then assimilated the improvised habits of the Sleepers of the Dark City.

After that, he absorbed the local tradition of the Chained Isles, as well as learning this and that from the government Awakened in Antarctica. Since there was no other Awakened whose culinary skills were the result of this exact combination of influences, the flavor of Sunny's cooking was unique.

...Soon, the chamber was filled with a delicious smell. The meal they prepared was not the most visually stunning, but its fragrance was tantalizing. The meat had just the right amount of crust on the outside, while the insides were juicy and moist. It had absorbed the spices and the heat of the coals, becoming tender enough to melt on the tongue.

Still, it didn't look too pretty... Awakened did not really care about the presentation, since their meals were usually eaten in a hurry while keeping one eye out for the prowling abominations.

There were some side dishes, at least.

Ananke tasted the dish presented to her with diligently hidden caution, but then, her eyes widened slightly. Throwing a quick glance at Sunny and Nephis, she hesitated for a few moments, and then attacked her food like a hungry wolf.

Sunny smiled.

'That's better...'

It was a far cry from the start of their journey together, when he had to force her to eat even a single small pie. The old woman's appetite was not making him worry anymore.

'That said... why was she so surprised? Huh? Do I not look like a guy who can outcook every damned cook out there?'

Sunny grimaced.

Well... maybe it was because he was going around boasting about how he had eaten nothing but rotten mimic meat for a month. It was only fair for people to doubt his taste after hearing such things. Still...

'I better get Aiko to do the promotions when I open my restaurant. And, uh... maybe write me a guide on what I should and shouldn't say...'

He could have the shop and the restaurant in the same building. Customers would come to browse the Memories, then have a meal to celebrate the purchase. And he would receive the money for both!

Chuckling, Sunny focused on his own portion.

Soon, they were done with the supper and were preparing to rest. The House of Parting consisted of the main ceremonial hall, several smaller halls, and a scattering of rooms for the departing and their close ones to sleep in before saying the final goodbyes.

So, Sunny and Nephis were going to enjoy sleeping on actual beds tonight, for the first time since leaving the siege capital to participate in the Battle of the Black Skull.

Before that, however, all three of them remained around the table, drinking tea and savoring its refreshing warmth.

Despite the solemn nature of their surroundings, the atmosphere was light and uplifting. It was hard not to enjoy the simple comforts after spending months in the wilderness.

Maybe it was this relaxed mood that prompted Sunny to ask the question he had been hesitating to ask for a while. Putting down his cup, he glanced at the old woman and asked:

"Ananke... can I ask what Rank you are?"

She looked at him curiously.

"My Rank? Why, of course... I have reached Transcendence not too long ago, my Lord."

Sunny nodded slowly. He had initially suspected that Ananke was a being of much greater power, but after getting to know her and learning about the fate of Weave, his impression changed.

It felt a bit strange, to meet an Awakened who was two hundred years old, but only as powerful as someone like Saint Tyris... the immortal Chain Lords notwithstanding. The Spell had descended into the waking world only half a century ago, after all, but there were already Saints and Sovereigns.

However, it made sense... the original inhabitants of the Great Realm had not been cursed with as cruel a teacher as the Nightmare Spell. They had not benefited from its merciless guidance and the lethal necessity to either ascend or die.

Even Ananke, who was a priestess of the Spell and bestowed with some of its powers, did not know anything about Nightmares.

Without the Nightmares... how had the ancient humans even Awakened?

That was something Sunny had been curious about for a long time. In fact, he knew very little about how the ancient Awakened did anything without the Spell.

He leaned forward a little and asked, his voice full of curiosity:

"How does one become Transcendent?"

Ananke looked at him in surprise.

"You don't know, my Lord?"

Sunny shook his head.

"I do know, of course, how one might Transcend - in the future, where the Nightmare Spell controls all these matters. But I don't know how people rose to greater power before."

Nephis pricked her ears, as well.

The old woman smiled, lingered for a while, and then said thoughtfully:

"...Although my knowledge is limited, I will try to explain as best I can. Let's see... the first step is, of course, to Awaken. To Awaken, one must gain control over their soul essence, and use that control to form the soul core."

Sunny blinked.

"...In that order?"

Ananke did not seem to understand the question.

"Naturally. How would one form the core without being able to control essence? It is like trying to build a building without bricks. There are some powerful creatures who are born with their soul cores already formed, sure, and have to learn to move their essence as they mature. But most are born Dormant, like us humans."

She paused for a moment.

"Learning how to control essence is the hardest part. Forming the core takes time and effort, but as long as you have the knowledge, success is all but guaranteed. Well... some still fail, of course, and die after their souls collapse."

Sunny and Nephis glanced at each other.

So... the ancient humans Awakened in the reverse order compared to modern humans, who formed their soul core after the First Nightmare and gained the ability to control essence after surviving the first journey to the Dream Realm. That was how the Spell arranged things.

'Interesting.'

Nephis took a sip of her tea and asked, her voice tinged with a hint of curiosity:

"Then how does one learn to control their essence?"

The Awakened of the waking world received the ability to sense their essence from the Spell. The intuitive knowledge of how to control it was gifted to them, too... it just took time and practice to turn that control into a practical skill.

Most received these gifts after Awakening, while Nephis had to catch up after becoming a Master.

Ananke thought for a few moments.

"There is... no single way to gain control over your soul essence. In fact, it is a unique experience for many. Some spend long years meditating and perfecting their souls, eventually entering a state of unity between mind and soul. Some attune themselves to the world and gather insights about the nature of living things, traveling from realm to realm. Some follow the teachings of great warriors and train their bodies, testing themselves through hardship and battle. Some even receive sudden epiphanies in a moment of dire crisis with no preparation whatsoever."

She hesitated for a bit.

"However, there is a path that anyone can walk - both the simplest and the most dangerous, as well as the most vile."

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"And what is that path?"

Ananke sighed.

"...It is to absorb soul essence that has already Awakened. Through killing those who have already Awakened, and plundering their soul shards."

Her face turned grim.

"The Awakened essence already knows how to be controlled, so when it is mixed with the essence of Dormant beings, it will change that essence... a little. Absorb enough of it, and your essence will Awaken, too. Things were simple during the Age of Heroes, when many Corrupted prowled the realms, and humans had to battle them to survive. But as the eras changed and there were fewer monsters to kill... some humans and noble creatures turned to killing each other, instead."

**********


                                Chapter 1307 Before the Nightmare Spell
--------------------
The old woman fell silent. Sunny and Nephis were somber, too. It was too easy to imagine what vile acts those who lusted for power could commit in a world that rewarded murder with strength.

In fact, the same vileness could have consumed the waking world, where absorbing the essence of slain humans was easier than hunting down countless Nightmare Creatures. If not for the government and people like Jet, who maintained order and suppressed the darker side of the Awakened society with an iron fist, things would have turned grim long ago.

Legacy clans also played their part, preventing human enclaves in the Dream Realm from spiraling into lawlessness.

Eventually, Sunny sighed and shook his head.

"So... once your soul essence Awakens and you can control it, the next step is to patiently work on forming the soul core. What happens then?"

Ananke smiled and pointed to her chest, where the soul core of a human was usually located.

"Accumulation of power. Ascension is a step of rising above one's mortal nature by improving the quality of their essence, and their body as well. This step can be slow if one refines themselves naturally, or fast, if one improves their essence by absorbing the essence of stronger beings. Once the soul essence reaches a qualitative change, the soul core will reform itself and grow stronger, as well. Of course, it won't happen without some conscious refinement, either."

Sunny tilted his head.

"Uh... how does one refine their essence, exactly?"

Ananke laughed.

"It's not something I can explain in one conversation! There are methods and techniques, the knowledge of which has been accumulated over countless generations and is taught to disciples over many years. Even then, very few manage to succeed. Ah... of course, all those who do succeed have to find the way into their Soul Sea first. Without the ability to enter the Soul Sea, it would take one many lifetimes to Ascend even with the best refinement technique."

She shook her head with a smile.

"At least that is how it is for us humans. Some of the noble creatures have their own ways... they can possess multiple soul cores, as well, and walk the path of Ascension more naturally."

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

"Wait... people have to learn how to enter their Soul Seas?"

The old woman nodded matter-of-factly.

"Of course. That is... without the guidance of the Nightmare Spell. Weaver gave us mortals a gift that can hasten each step on the path of Ascension, including the discovery of one's Soul Sea."

'That's... unexpected.'

Everyone just assumed that being able to access the Soul Sea was a natural ability of all Awakened - including Sleepers. As it turned out, that was another thing that the Spell had simplified for the humans of the waking world.

'Ruthless, relentless, and... immensely effective. That is how the Spell is.'

The more Sunny learned about the Nightmare Spell, the more he realized how ingenious and cruelly effective it was in helping... no, forcing people to become stronger, stronger, and stronger still - until they either rose as high as they could and higher than that, or died.

For what purpose, he did not know.

Nephis sighed.

"What about Transcendence?"

Ananke nodded.

"Transcendence is different. It is not just about accumulation... it is a step of profound transformation, where a mortal assumes the first qualities of the divine. The soul essence has to become much more potent, the soul core has to become much more voluminous. Most importantly, an Awakened has to become one with the world and be recognized by it. Their soul has to be... expanded beyond the confines of the body and fused, to a small extent, with the world. It is... hard to explain with words, forgive me."

Sunny tilted his head, thinking. Ananke's words did indeed sound very vague and esoteric, but he felt that he understood what she was talking about.

It was like when Saint Tyris appeared and the sunlight seemed to shift a little, as if wishing to be close to her. The world itself responded to the Transcendent, and even bent to their will sometimes.

Then again, it also responded to a few people below the Transcendent Rank... like Nephis, or Jet, or Sunny himself.

That was... peculiar.

Ananke took a sip of tea and added, her voice bright:

"Of course, the connection between a Transcendent and the world is not all-encompassing. Rather, it is a connection to one or, very rarely, several aspects of the world... be it water, wind, shadow, light, or something else entirely. And, therefore, the most important step an Ascended human has to take to achieve Transcendence is to awaken their Aspect."

Sunny and Nephis looked at each other in confusion.

"Awaken their Aspect? What do you mean?"

The old woman coughed.

"Uh... but that is exactly what I mean? That one must possess an Aspect to Transcend?"

Sunny massaged his temples.

"Wait... don't all Awakened possess an Aspect?"

Ananke chuckled.

"Of course not! Every Awakened human possesses the potential to realize an Aspect, but there are plenty of those who never do. Maybe even most. However, the higher you rise on the path of Ascension, the harder it becomes to move further without claiming your Aspect, as well as your Flaw. It is impossible to Transcend without them."

That information was truly shocking. Neither Sunny nor Nephis could digest it quickly. Awakened without Aspects? There was such a thing?

Sunny tried to remember every human he had fought in the First and Second Nightmares. Had all of them shown Aspect Abilities? He really couldn't remember... or rather, he could not tell based on his memories.

Nephis, meanwhile, frowned and asked, her voice full of contemplation:

"Why is it that only humans possess Aspects? Why don't creatures... noble creatures... have them as well?"

To the humans of the waking world, everything that was not a human was a Nightmare Creature. But, of course, Sunny had learned a long time ago that this wasn't the case. There were humans, and there were creatures - like the original Saint or Nightmare.

It was only after they succumbed to Corruption did the "noble creatures", as Ananke called such beings, become abominations. The problem was that there were only humans in the waking world, while every creature in the Dream Realm was already corrupted. That was why the concept of something that was not human, but also not abominable, was hard to accept.

However... in the ancient times, humans and noble creatures lived side by side. Nevertheless, there difference between them was the same - humans could only rise in Rank, but possessed Aspects, while noble creatures rose both in Rank and Class, but had no Aspects of their own.

So, the question Nephis asked was indeed interesting.

Ananke smiled.

"Why, it is because noble creatures were created by the gods, while we humans weren't."

Sunny blinked.

'Huh?'

He did know that creating living things was an authority exclusive to the gods - which was why Nether's feat of making Saint and her people was so remarkable.

Now, he learned that all creatures were the result of the gods exercising that authority.

But what did Ananke mean when she said that humans weren't made the same way?

Noticing their confusion, she chuckled.

"Humans weren't created by anyone, and instead just appeared from the same stuff the gods were born from. It's just that... if the gods were the flame, then we humans were tiny sparks that shot out as the bonfire was dying out. Nevertheless, we come from the same source. Which is why all humans possess the potential to become divine, as well as the ability to awaken an Aspect. Why the path of Ascension is open to us."

Sunny frowned.

'There was an ever-changing void, where Desire was born. From it came Direction, and the gods...'

He still did not really understand the meaning of these mysterious words, but if Ananke was telling the truth - and not just retelling baseless myths - humans came from the "Desire" and "Direction" as well, just as the gods had.

He shook his head.

"Alright... I can understand that. But why did you say that it's not only an Aspect that is required to Transcend, but also the Flaw?"

The old woman sighed.

"Because one can't exist without the other. Imperfection is also an absolute law, just like death... and so, nothing is flawless. Even the world itself is flawed. Even the gods, who were born flawless, are not perfect anymore. And so, we humans are flawed, too."

She smiled and added, her voice calm:

"But that is a good thing. Flawless things are perfect, and so, they can never improve. They can never grow. They can only remain still and unchanging, which is no different from being dead. Being flawed is the essence of life, my Lord and Lady. It is also the essence of growth. After all, what is life if not a constant struggle to grow and improve?"

**********


                                Chapter 1308 Weave
--------------------
Sunny almost choked on his tea.He had grown accustomed to Ananke being helpful and accommodating, so he did not expect her to become philosophical all of a sudden. Worse still, because of his own Flaw, he had no chance but to answer her philosophical question.

'What is life, huh?'

He coughed.

"Well, I don't know. To me, life is all about being rich and comfortable. Throw a little decadence in the mix, and it's even better! If I ever manage to build such a delightful life for myself, I'll be more than happy to never improve or grow... apart from growing fatter, that is..."

The old woman laughed.

"That is a remarkable dream, my Lord."

Nephis threw a burning gaze at him at the mention of decadence, then turned to Ananke.

"Then what about the next step? How does one become Supreme?"

Her voice was tense.

The old woman lingered for a while, then shook her head with a sigh.

"That I don't know... and there is no one left to teach me. I am sorry that I can't be of help."

Sunny shook his head.

"No, no... you've already been very helpful. We learned a lot from you."

Ananke smiled.

"In that case, thank you for this meal, my Lord and Lady. I've been blessed by your grace. Rest well tonight."

She rose and added, her voice tinged with melancholy:

"...Tomorrow, we sail to the center of the city."

After she left, Sunny and Nephis remained silent for a while. Both were thoughtful, pondering the startling truths of how the ancient humans walked the path of Ascension before the Nightmare Spell.

Eventually, Sunny sighed.

"It seems that Awakening took a lot longer before, but was not nearly as fatal as it is with the Nightmare Spell."

Nephis nodded silently. He scratched the back of his head and added:

"I'm more curious about something else, though. If it is possible to Awaken without the help of the Spell, then why has no one accomplished just that in the waking world? Why were there no Awakened in our history?"

She frowned.

"Maybe it is because the waking world has nothing to do with the Dream Realm, and functions... functioned according to a different set of laws. Or maybe there were Awakened in our history, but their stories have become mere myths."

Nephis shook her head and added, her voice uncertain:

"It would also not be surprising if the possibility was there, but no one has ever managed to grasp it. After all, all steps except the first one - gaining the ability to sense your essence - require some kind of knowledge. Forming the core, refining essence, expanding the soul... you wouldn't be able to do it blindly. For the ancient humans of the Dream Realm, it was not too hard to gain that knowledge. All they had to do was observe the Awakened creatures or learn directly from one of the deities."

Sunny nodded.

"But those deities are all long dead. There were only humans in the waking world, and so, they had no one to learn from and no one to show them that there was something to be learned. Yes... it is a good theory. The theory that our world is simply different from the Dream Realm is also good. As well as that there were actually a few Awakened in history. They're all good theories. Which one do you think is the correct one?"

Nephis lingered before answering. After a while, she sighed.

"There's no way to tell. We still know too little about the Dream Realm. We also don't know how the Nightmare Spell infected our world, and why. But, personally... I don't buy that there has always been a connection between the two. If so, then why is the waking world so isolated, so unique... so singular?"

She shook her head.

"Why are there no similarities in the languages, the myths, the traditions? Why has there never been an Awakened creature on Earth before the Nightmare Spell? No soul shards, no sorcery, no Aspects, and no Flaws? Why was there no Corruption?"

Sunny remained silent for a while, thinking. Then, he said tentatively:

"Maybe it was created as a sanctuary... or an ark. If so, then perhaps it is precisely because there were no Awakened, no soul shards, no sorcery, and no Aspects... that there was no Corruption."

He shrugged with a sigh.

"As for the languages and myths, I don't know. To be honest, I don't really believe in that sanctuary stuff. I just said what came to mind. You are right... our world is the only place that was drastically different from the Dream Realm, before the Nightmare Spell infected it. We don't know anything about anything, so how would we know the reason why?"

Sunny shook his head and rose to wash the dishes.

"In any case, I am tired, and it is time to rest. Where are you going to sleep?"

Nephis gave him a long look.

"...Is there a particular reason you're asking?"

Hearing that, he almost dropped the dirty plates.

"What... I just want to know which room you chose, to pick a different one!"

He huffed, glanced at her, and grinned.

"Although..."

But Nephis was already standing up.

"Goodnight!"

A few moments later, she was gone.

Sunny remained standing for a while, alone in the empty chamber.

Eventually, he sighed.

"...How come I'm the only one doing dishes?"

"Look!"

The ketch was flying across the water, its sails full of wind. Sunny was standing at the bow, staring into the distance curiously. Nephis was a few steps back, sitting on the deck with her eyes closed.

Hearing his voice, she opened them and looked ahead.

There, a floating city was slowly appearing from beyond the horizon.

Weave.

It was much larger than Sunny had imagined, with countless artificial islands connected together to form a single whole. There was a network of canals between the various districts that served as roads, and a forest of narrow towers rising into the sky. Most of them were windcatchers, just like the tower of the House of Parting was - some blades still rotated, some were broken and still.

Torn scarlet fabric fluttered in the wind.

The architecture of Weave was varied, airy, and beautiful. Some buildings were constructed out of stone, some seemed to be carved of ivory, some were pavilions of sun-bleached, bright silk. There were districts with homes and houses, groves of fruit trees, and even entire city-ships taken entirely by a single elegant palace or a solemn temple.

Some distance away from the residential districts, separated from them by a wide stretch of water, were vast floating fields and gardens.

Bathed in the light of the seven suns, the floating city was strange and fantastical.

However, neither Sunny nor Nephis were enchanted by its dreamlike beauty. Because, above all else, Weave seemed... eerie and forlorn.

The tall windcatchers were still or broken. The streets and canals were empty, with no soul in sight. The groves were overgrown and wild, while the fields were desolate and empty. Some city-ships were drifting apart, their mechanisms broken, while others were tilted and partially submerged in water.

It was a ghost town.

Strangely, though, while some buildings bore scars or had collapsed, most were intact. This was not the picture of destruction and devastation that they had imagined.

"Welcome to Weave, my Lord and Lady."

Ananke's voice sounded slightly mournful.

...It also sounded very different from before. There had been a time when her voice was weak and creaky, like dry wood. Now, it was bright and melodious like a clear stream.

'Right.'

Sunny still felt rather strange when talking to the current Ananke.

The old priestess... no, he couldn't even call her that anymore, because Ananke wasn't old anymore.

Turning around, he looked at the young woman steering the ketch. She seemed only a few years older than Sunny and Nephis, if any...

More than that, she was exquisitely beautiful. With her small stature and glistening ebony hair, dusky skin and piercing blue eyes, Ananke looked like an enchanting river spirit. Her lovely face was lively and captivating, and her disarming smile was bright enough to illuminate the world.

'...Weird! It's weird!'

Sunny was deeply uncomfortable for the last couple of days because of how young Ananke had become. On top of that... despite being ten times his age, she seemed too earnest and even slightly naive.

That was the person he had been calling Grandmother!

With a sigh, Sunny tried to shake off the feeling of incongruity and asked in a strange tone:

"Haven't you told us that Weave was destroyed, Ananke? It... doesn't seem damaged that terribly."

The young priestess remained silent for a while, then answered with a sad smile:

"There is more than one way to destroy a city, my Lord."

With that, she moved the steering oar and sent the ketch flying toward the central district of the eerie city of Weave, where only the wind disrupted the ghostly silence and emptiness permeated desolate streets.

**********


                                Chapter 1309 Mad Prince
--------------------
Soon, they slowed down and entered one of the canals. Ananke whispered a few words, and the sails lowered themselves. Summoning her long harpoon, she stood up and used it as a pole to push the ketch forward. As it traveled deeper into the heart of the city, Sunny and Nephis silently watched the districts that floated past. Indeed, there were no living beings here - at least none that they could see.

Nephis shifted slightly.

"You said that Weave was devastated by a Defiled. Is that ??D????DμD3D?? still here?" [Erdiul's note: Idk]

Ananke slowly shook her head.

"No. But... I've been absent for a long time. An abomination or two could have crawled out of the River to make a nest among the ruins. It is better to be careful."

Sunny and Nephis glanced at each other and silently summoned their weapons.

'Just what the hell... has happened here?'

Eventually, the ketch reached an intersection of two wide canals. Ananke allowed it to drift for a dozen meters, then stopped at a small platform. There were stone steps leading from the platform to one of the central districts of the city, and after roping the ketch to a post, she lightly jumped down.

Together, the three of them ascended the stairs and entered a wide plaza. It was desolate and partially submerged in water, with scars on the collapsed buildings hinting at a fearsome battle that must have taken place here a long time ago.

Ananke, who had been strangely reluctant to answer their questions before, finally sighed and turned to face them.

"The Defiled that destroyed Weave... visited us almost half a century ago. However, the city did not die until a few decades after that."

Both Sunny and Nephis looked at her in confusion. How could a city be destroyed decades after it was attacked?

The young priestess remained silent for a while, then gestured to the drowned plaza.

"This is where the battle ended, and the slaughter started. I've told you before that Outsiders are vital to the existence of the River People. They are the oldest and most powerful among us. They are also the only ones who can travel unimpeded across the River. Without them, the cities would become completely isolated from each other... well, that doesn't really apply to this city of exiles, since we were always on our own."

She looked down.

"But since Weave is located close to the desolate future, we had to constantly defend ourselves from powerful Corrupted. The elders were the only ones who could pursue and eradicate them - otherwise, those horrid creatures could come and go as they pleased, retreating when wounded to attack again... and again, and again. So, that was how the Defiled destroyed our city."

Ananke gazed at the drowned plaza with a grim expression.

"He simply killed every Outsider in Weave. After the elders were gone, the rest of us were slowly driven to extinction. Some died fighting the Corrupted, some succumbed to sorrow and despair. The less of us there were, the harder it was to keep those who remained alive. A blow after blow... a disaster after disaster... eventually, despite all my efforts, Weave was no more."

The young priestess took a deep breath and turned to them with a sad smile.

"The ships and the buildings remain, but without the people, they are just an empty shell."

She took a deep breath.

"My Lord, my Lady. I told you that we must come here to gather supplies, but that was not entirely true. To be honest... I just wanted you to see Weave, at least once. So that someone would remember it - remember us - even when the ships and the buildings are gone, too."

Sunny felt his chest becoming heavy, but Nephis seemed to be affected more. Her face was motionless as usual, but there was a hint of darkness in her eyes. Taking a step forward, she placed her hand on Ananke's shoulder and gently squeezed it.

She must have seen herself in the young priestess.

The Priestess of the Nightmare Spell... in a city built by the followers of Weaver, that title must have carried incredible weight. It was very likely that Ananke had suddenly become the ruler of the decimated Weave after all the elders were slaughtered by the Defiled.

Only to see it wither and die, no matter how hard she fought to save it... just like Nephis had watched the village she built be swallowed by the darkness in the Second Nightmare. Until she was the only one left alive, just like Nephis had been the only one to survive.

Ananke patted Neph's hand and smiled.

"It is alright, my Lady. Ah... it happened a long time ago, anyway."

The corner of Sunny's mouth twitched. Looking away, he asked in a perfectly even tone:

"That Defiled... he must have been strong. If the Outsiders were the most powerful among you, then not just any creature could have killed them all. Still... just in case I get a chance to meet him one day... is there a way I can recognize him?"

'I'm going to kill that bastard.'

The young woman lingered for a while, then sighed.

"Yes, my Lord. It was not just any Defiled, indeed. The one who came to Weave is infamous enough that even we had heard of him. It was the Mad Prince."

He frowned.

"The Mad Prince?"

Ananke nodded.

"He is called Mad Prince, or the Prince of Madness. That fiend is one of the Six Plagues."

She shivered and looked away, as if suddenly uneasy.

"The Six Plagues are not the most powerful of the Defiled, and neither are they the most ancient. However, they are the most feared and loathsome. Mad Prince, Soul Stealer, Undying Slaughter, Torment, Devouring Beast, and the most harrowing of them all... the Dread Lord. Everyone on the Great River has heard their names. They are also called the Heralds of the Estuary, sometimes."

The young priestess frowned.

"Some even say that the Dread Lord is the true ruler of Verge, and that all Defiled submit to his commands. If so... maybe he was the one who sent the Mad Prince to Weave. I doubt it, though. I am not sure if that thing can be controlled by anyone, so he must have come of his own accord."

Nephis, who had been listening silently for a while, suddenly asked in a steady tone:

"The... Dread Lord is said to be the ruler of Defilement? What about the First Seeker? What power do he and the other five Plagues possess? What Rank and Class are they?"

Ananke smiled helplessly.

"I am sorry, my Lady. Weave is far away from the other human cities, so whatever news used to reach us was vague and fragmentary. The First Seeker... no one had seen him in a long, long time. Some say that he has turned into a mindless mass of rotting flesh because of the Defilement. Some say that he was severely wounded by the Serpent King and is yet to recover. Some say that the Dread Lord has subjugated and imprisoned him."

She lingered.

"As for the Six Plagues, we knew very little of them. The Soul Stealer is said to possess the ability to wear the skin of those he kills. The Devouring Beast is immensely ferocious and feeds on human flesh. Torment is known for subjecting her victims to harrowing torture. Undying Slaughter is eternally consumed by insatiable bloodlust. The Dread Lord... no one has ever survived facing him, so his powers are unknown."

The young priestess smiled bitterly.

"I can tell you about the Mad Prince, though. He is a raving lunatic who seems to be as murderous as he is tormented by his own madness. He looks human, or at least human-shaped. His clothes are tattered, and his face is a mass of scars, which look to have been inflicted by his own nails. He is said to wear a tarnished crown, but I haven't seen it myself. At first glance, he appears rather pitiful... however, beneath that ragged surface hides a vile and hateful monster."

She gritted her teeth and looked at the scarred buildings surrounding the plaza.

"His powers... are that of a sword saint. But his swordsmanship is as mad as he is himself. It is violent and utterly chaotic, yet cruel and savagely lethal. He finds joy in tormenting his victims, then grows indifferent to their pain the next moment. The most terrifying thing about him, though, is that his madness spreads like a disease. Other than that... perhaps I did not even get to see his true power. He tore our elders apart with just his blade, as if they were weak children."

Nephis glanced at her own sword, then asked somberly:

"What about his Rank and Class?"

Ananke lowered her head.

"It was... hard to tell. He is of the Corrupted Rank, I think. As for his Class... I am almost certain that he is a Titan."

**********


                                Chapter 1310 Forsaken
--------------------
1310 Forsaken

'A Corrupted Titan…'

Sunny's face grew dark. The memories of Falcon Scott flashed in his mind, bringing with them a bitter taste. It was another city that had been destroyed by a Corrupted Titan, even if the scale and swiftness of destruction was different.

He remained silent for a few moments, then asked quietly:

"Aren't Titans usually… huge?"

Ananke hesitated, then shrugged. Her azure eyes were crestfallen.

"Most are. But some aren't. More than that, the Defiled… they were humans once. Their path to profane power is unique."

He nodded, feeling a deep sense of unease. A Corrupted Titan… if one of these Six Plagues was indeed as powerful as the Winter Beast, then just how terrifying the Dread Lord would be?

Still, Sunny felt a dark and scathing desire to kill that Mad Prince.

It was strange, really… he had met all kinds of horrid Nightmare Creatures, but knowing that the mad butcher who destroyed Weave had been a human once filled him with dark wrath.

'Just how low can a person fall…'

Odious. The Mad Prince, whoever he had been before succumbing to Corruption, was simply odious. Such a vile creature had no right to exist.

Sunny gritted his teeth, thinking about how many of the abominations he had slain in the past were former humans as well. After thousands of years of Corruption, the distinction was all but erased, but... here in the Nightmare, it felt different.

Nephis, meanwhile, had another question. Looking at the forlorn vista of Weave with a frown, she hesitated for a few moments, then asked softly:

"Ananke… you said that the Outsiders were the most powerful warriors of your city. The Mad Prince easily killed them all. Wouldn't that mean that he could have killed all the Riverborn, as well? Why did he spare you?"

Sunny grimaced. He was asking himself the same questions, but didn't want to speak it aloud in fear of hurting the young priestess more than she had already been hurt.

Ananke remained silent for a while, her head lowered. Eventually, she took a breath and said quietly:

"Maybe he wanted us to suffer longer. Maybe he needed us to live some more, for whatever reason. Maybe he simply did not care. The Riverborn… he did kill some. However, then, he stayed his sword and kneeled in front of the girl he spared. She was a child who had just recently arrived from the House of Youth. He asked her a question, then left."

Sunny and Nephis looked at each other somberly. She asked:

"What did the Defiled ask?"

The young priestess lingered, then slowly shook her head.

"He asked her… do you wish to live? She said that she did. Hearing that, the Mad Prince burst into laughter, wiped his bloody sword on her tunic, and disappeared. He never returned, and since all our elders were dead, we never heard about him again."

'Insane bastard.'

Sunny frowned, remembering the piece of flotsam that he had drifted on for the first couple of days in the Nightmare. It was a tenuous connection at best… but why had the Mad Prince asked the girl what she wished? Was he, perhaps, the lunatic who had carved the frantic runes into the ancient wood?

If so, then maybe the Six Plagues had already become five. Considering that the piece of flotsam had seemed like a fragment of a destroyed vessel, the Defiled Titan might have perished in a battle with one of the harrowing Nightmare Creatures upstream.

That said, there was a very troubling thing about connecting Sunny's improvised raft to one of the Defiled from Verge. There were letters of the waking world alphabet among the runes, too… how the hell would Mad Prince know them?

'Damnation…'

It was all too eerie and mysterious.

Shaking his head, Sunny took one last glance at the drowned square. The fierce battle that had taken place here must have fractured the foundation of the artificial island, which was why it became flooded... he sighed and turned to Ananke.

"We still have to gather supplies, right?"

She nodded.

Sunny pulled the young woman away from the square and said in a soft voice:

"Then show us around Weave. We can get them on the way."

Ananke smiled a little, while Nephis threw him a grateful glance over her shoulder.

'If Ananke wants us to remember her city, then it's the least we can do. I'll make sure to write a detailed research paper after returning to NQSC, so that everyone in the waking world could learn about it, too.'

Sunny smiled.

"You know, Ananke, I am a well-respected professor in the future."

She looked at him with a hint of confusion in her azure eyes.

"A… professor?"

He nodded.

"A teacher. I teach young Awakened how to survive and provide for themselves in the wilderness. At the most famous academy in the world, no less! However, our knowledge of the intricacies of surviving in marine environments is not that extensive. I am sure I will gain a lot from learning about Weave. Then, I'll be able to teach my students about it, as well. They'll be thanking me with tears in their eyes!"

The young priestess seemed more confused than touched. Sunny frowned.

"What is it?"

She shook her head slightly.

"No, it's nothing. But, my Lord… aren't you a food merchant in the future? How can you also be a teacher?"

The corner of Sunny's mouth twitched. He remained silent for a few moments, then answered stoically:

"Learned people also have to eat, don't they? That's just how great I am. Respected academic, renowned warrior, accomplished military commander, thriving entrepreneur… I am the picture of a perfect gentleman."

Ananke looked at him, then nodded with bright sparks in her azure eyes.

"My Lord is amazing!"

As Sunny grinned, Nephis added under her breath:

"...And so very modest."

His grin dimmed, but only for a moment.

Nodding energetically, Sunny agreed.

"Indeed, amazing is a word that can be used to describe me…"

They traveled across Weave to collect everything needed for the long journey ahead. Even after long years of being abandoned, the city still seemed to be in a relatively good shape. However, beneath the beautiful surface, it had already started to crumble.

Sunny knew that Weave was not going to exist for much longer. Maybe in a decade or two, the floating city was going to break apart and be swallowed by the currents of the Great River, disappearing forever under the waves.

Before it did…

They gathered fruit from the wild groves and other supplies from various caches that Ananke had established throughout the city. There was food, spices, wine, tea leaves, and necessities that one would need to travel the Great River.

There were items, as well. The weapons and armor that the people of Weave had crafted and used were of inferior quality to the powerful Memories that Sunny and Nephis wielded, but they were able to collect a lot of things that would make traversing the Tomb of Ariel easier — from simple blankets and cutlery to fishing nets sturdy enough to capture Nightmare Creatures and sail repair kits.

Everything went into the Covetous Coffer.

As they moved from one district to another, Ananke also shared stories of Weave and its people with them. How they lived, what rituals they observed, what passions drove them and what vices they sometimes succumbed to.

There were interesting details about the everyday lives of the River People and entertaining anecdotes. Sunny really learned a lot from hearing these stories, and the more he learned, the more amazed he became.

Their world was so different from anything he knew, and so, they had adapted to its strange circumstances with the tenacious ingenuity inherent to all humans.

Their knowledge of how to survive on the Great River had been built over many generations of persistent, relentless learning and unceasing improvement.

Humans were the most adaptable of species, indeed.

When Ananke started to tell them about Weave, there was a shadow of sadness in her eyes. However, as she remembered the people from her past, they gradually grew bright and warm.

A sweet smile appeared on her lips.

…But the more the young priestess spoke, the more despondent Sunny became.

He hid his expression and stared at the empty streets of the desolate city, his own eyes veiled by somber darkness.

'It's unfair…'

Ananke had been nothing but kind to them, so it was unfair. Sunny and Nephis were going to leave Weave to travel into the distant past and challenge the Nightmare, but she… she could never leave.

Because she was Riverborn.

After guiding the two of them as far as she could, the young priestess was going to return to the crumbling city. And live the rest of her life here, alone and forsaken.

Sunny's heart was heavy, and his hatred of the Mad Prince burned darker.

Looking away, he gritted his teeth.

'Curse that vile bastard...'

**********

