Shadow Slave - PART 124
Chapters 1231 to 1240
==============================


                                Chapter 1231 Once More, With Feeling
--------------------
Sunny dreamt of a black pyramid.

Somber and wreathed in darkness, it rose from a sea of flawlessly white sand like a towering mountain. Its slopes were like vast plains, and its sharp peak was like a spear that pierced the heavens. Outlined against the backdrop of the starlit sky, the pyramid was like a black rift in the fabric of the world.

Its edifice was built from millions of colossal stone blocks. Each block was darker than the darkness itself and perfectly aligned, leaving no gaps between them. And each of them... each...

Sunny felt a cold terror grip his heart.

Each of the stone blocks... was a Seed of Nightmare. There were millions of them, some already in bloom, some still waiting for their turn to blossom. At the base of the pyramid, the Nightmares were shallow and weak. Higher, they were harrowing and unfathomable. And higher still...

The slope of the colossal pyramid was broken and covered in cracks, with many blocks either shattered into dismal dust or missing. Four vast scars were tainting its immaculate surface, as if some unholy beast had torn through the eternal stone with titanic claws.

Above the scars was a narrow capstone.

But Sunny... he was not someone who could gaze upon it.

The moment he did, his soul convulsed in agony, and his consciousness shattered.

The time reversed its flow, but then stuttered and froze.

The time warped and screamed.

The silhouette of the black pyramid exploded into a myriad of lightless shards.

And then, Sunny was no more.

There was the sound of wind whistling in his ears.

He was falling.

Coming to his senses, still disoriented, he sighed.

'Here we go again...'

Before doing anything else, Sunny summoned the Essence Pearl...

The next moment, he hit the water.

'Ha! I just knew this would happen!'

Instead of thrashing wildly, he let his body sink and waited for the breathing Memory to manifest itself. At the same time, Sunny extended his shadow sense outward and tried to understand the nature of his surroundings.

...Water. Nothing but water.

'Well, that's strange. Wasn't I in the desert just a few moments ago?'

They entered the Nightmare through a giant block of black stone that lay between the dunes, half-buried in the sand. Since the Seed was in the desert, the Nightmare was also supposed to take place in the desert... unless the Spell had sent them in a past so distant that the desert itself did not exist yet, hidden at the bottom of a sea.

The thing, though, was that...

'That's... very strange.'

The cool water around him was not seawater. It was freshwater. If Sunny was so inclined, he could open his mouth and drink as much as he wanted. Not that he would, of course.

'Huh.'

One thing was certain. Sunny had already guessed it before, but after witnessing the Tomb of Ariel in the vision at the start of the Nightmare, he was now sure - the giant block of black stone was, in fact, one of the building blocks of the great pyramid. The unimaginable blow that had left four scars on the surface of the daemon's tomb must have sent quite a few of them flying far away into the desert.

And Mordret had just happened to stumble upon one. Just as expected, the Prince of Nothing had ulterior motives.

Or maybe they had just gotten terribly unlucky.

Or maybe it was fate.

In any case...

'Finally!'

The Essence Pearl finished weaving itself from sparks of ethereal light, and Sunny could breathe again. He could also see again, not that it was of any use - in any direction he looked, there was nothing but clear water.

There was a current, too... a strong and turbulent one. Sunny felt himself being pulled by it, unable to resist.

'Back to the surface.'

Breathing out a little, he watched the direction in which the bubbles rose, and followed. This time, Sunny did not have to panic and worry about drowning, since he had come prepared.

The Essence Pearl was held safely in his mouth.

Some time later, his head broke the surface of the water. Sunny looked around and frowned. Everything was covered in thick fog and suffused with somber twilight. He couldn't see far, and even his shadow sense seemed to be dulled by the mist.

If there was one consolation, it was that the mist seemed to be of a harmless, albeit somewhat mystical, kind. It was not the harrowing fog of the Hollow Mountains or its like.

'I should be thankful, I guess.'

But he did not.

Instead, Sunny felt... numb.

He had been in a constant state of tension since the start of the Battle of the Black Skull. The Third Nightmare was in no way less of an ordeal than the Nightmare Desert, but for now, at least, Sunny was safe - there were no Nightmare Creatures in the water, and no terrible danger waiting to swallow him alive.

And so, able to relax for the first time since forever, Sunny suddenly felt utterly exhausted, deeply tired, drained of all feelings, and numb.

With a sigh, he slowly spun in the water, and eventually noticed an unclear shape swaying on the waves some distance away, hidden by the mist. With nothing better to do, Sunny started to swim in that direction.

Less than a minute later, he reached a large piece of wood resting on the water. The piece of floating wood was flat and irregularly shaped, with jagged edges, like a broken fragment of a ship's hull. Most importantly, it was big enough for Sunny to climb on, with plenty of room to spare.

Pulling his tired body out of the water, Sunny climbed onto the slightly curved wooden raft and sprawled on it, looking up.

There was no sky, only swirling mist.

His thoughts were slow and heavy.

'Well... at least it's not so terribly hot anymore. That desert was a real nightmare. The Nightmare Desert... ah, what a fitting name...'

He was now inside the Third Nightmare.

And an exceedingly bizarre one, at that.

The source of the Nightmare was the Tomb of Ariel. Funnily enough, the cohort had failed to reach the real pyramid in the Dream Realm, but still ended up brushing against the illusory copy of it.

The very beginning of the Nightmare was highly unusual, as well. Sunny had not seen the time flowing in reverse, as it was supposed to happen, so he had no idea where exactly he found himself, and had no hint of what he needed to do to resolve the conflict of the Seed.

And lastly...

'Thirteen million challengers? What the hell was that?'

Had the Spell malfunctioned? There were not even a million Awakened in the whole world, let alone anywhere near the Nightmare Desert.

That was the strangest part.

But Sunny...

He was too tired to think about all that right now.

'I'm going to have to explore the area first. Then, I'll start searching for the others. We'll figure something out together.'

With that, he slowly inhaled and closed his eyes.

***

A few moments later, Sunny was lulled to sleep by the gentle swaying of the water.

"No, no! Not again! Please!"

Sunny woke up with a yell and cursed, feeling his wooden shelter lurch and almost capsize because of his sudden movement. The remnants of a dire nightmare were already disappearing from his memory, leaving behind only the bitter taste of madness and despair.

He shivered slightly, then grimaced and rubbed his face.

'What the hell... now I'm having nightmares within a Nightmare. What a great damn start to the day!'

Suddenly consumed by anger, he stood up, clenching his fists, and shouted:

"Curse it! Curse it all!"

His hoarse voice drowned in the mist.

The mist did not look as thick as it had before, but it still veiled the entire world. There was nothing within the reach of his shadow sense except for the endless expanse of flowing water.

"Curse it all..."

Sunny shut his eyes for a moment, then winced and sat back down.

He was in a terrible mood.

'What was even the point of it all?'

He was being pulled by the current... just like he had always been before. For most of his life, Sunny had just gone with the flow, struggling to survive and only reacting to things that threatened him.

Going to Antarctica was perhaps the first real decision he had made for himself. Sure, it might have been a reaction as well... but later, Sunny developed an understanding of what he wanted to achieve.

He had wanted to protect the civilians of the Southern Quadrant and the soldiers of the Evacuation Army. He had wanted to prevent the great clans from messing everything up. The things he had done in East Antarctica were not a reaction - instead, they were the result of an active desire to change the world in the way he saw fit.

That was the first time Sunny had tentatively attempted to bend the world to his will, instead of letting the world press him into the ground.

And for what?

What was the result?

The siege capitals of East Antarctica were, most likely, already destroyed. The Evacuation Army had been wiped out, and the civilians had been slaughtered. There was a desperate hope in his heart that some miracle had happened, saving them all, but Sunny knew that it was a futile dream.

When had there ever been a miracle like that?

No. He failed.

'Ah...'

The world was not so easily bent.

'Damn it!'

Sunny stared into the mist with resentment.

And then, he heard a voice:

"Done feeling sorry for yourself yet?"

'What the?!'

With a start, Sunny flinched away from the source of the voice. Falling on the wet surface of the wooden raft, he crawled back and looked up.

There was a slender figure standing above him, with a mocking smile on his face.

It was a young man with black hair, alabaster skin, and a lithe build. He was wearing a simple tunic of beautiful black silk and a pair of dainty silk shoes, looking like a porcelain doll.

His eyes were like two pools of cold darkness.

The young man... was Sunny.

Or rather, it was the Sin of Solace.

However, the spirit of the cursed sword did not look vague and blurry anymore. It looked utterly complete and real...

In fact, it looked slightly more real than Sunny himself.

**********


                                Chapter 1232 Lost in the Mist
--------------------
"What the hell?!"

Sunny reached the edge of his makeshift raft and froze there, his fingers submerged in water. A perfect copy of him was standing motionlessly a few meters away, looking down with a mocking smile on his lips.

The pale face, the onyx eyes, the raven black hair... it was all the same. But the apparition was much more composed and full of malice than Sunny. There was a boundless ocean of madness hiding behind the cold darkness of its amused gaze.

For a moment, Sunny was convinced that one of Mordret's Reflections had somehow found him within the mist. But the tone with which the apparition spoke was simply too familiar. With a shudder, he realized that this copy of him was the manifestation of the Sin of Solace.

However...

"Gods. You look so pathetic."

'Yeah... that's definitely that damned sword.'

But how could it be?

At first, Sunny had only heard indistinct whispers when holding the Sin of Solace. Later, he could clearly hear its voice. And later still, after Falcon Scott, a vague illusory figure would follow him around... now, however, that figure seemed perfectly real.

That was not the most frightening fact, though.

The most frightening thing was that Sunny did not have the Sin of Solace summoned. How could the spirit of the cursed sword be here, if the sword itself still rested within the still darkness of his soul?!

Suddenly, a chill ran down Sunny's spine.

As if reading his mind, the Sin of Solace laughed.

"Ah, how fun. I'll give you some credit, Lost from Light... you never fail to amuse, at least. What, are you afraid of me now?"

Sunny hated to admit it, but he was. He did not know what to expect from the cursed jian... it was tied to Ariel, after all, who was both the Demon of Dread and the architect of the harrowing pyramid of nightmares. Even if the Transcendent Memory only contained a facsimile of a distant whisper left behind by the ancient daemon, it was still an artifact of terrifying power.

He knew that power all too well. Sunny had slain many Corrupted Nightmare Creatures with its help, after all - some of whom he had no business being able to kill - and, as a result, was exposed to its destructive influence in turn. He had thought that he was handling the insidious influence of the Sin of Solace well...

But if he had, then why did the apparition feel more real than ever? How was it able to appear before him without him even holding the cursed sword?

Sunny remained silent for a while, then forced out a smile.

"Afraid of you? Nonsense! Of course not."

The Sin of Solace tilted his head a little, studying Sunny with some interest.

"Oh... but I think you should."

His voice sounded relaxed, but that only made the words more chilling to hear.

However, Sunny exhaled with relief.

"Well, why would I? You're not real. Am I supposed to be frightened of every imaginary bastard? Life's too short for that."

The doll-like young man in front of him raised an eyebrow.

"Are you sure that I am not real?"

Sunny scoffed.

"I wasn't before, but I am now. I suspected for a long time, of course, but since you were not annoying enough to waste my time on getting to the bottom of this, I chose to concentrate on other things. But hey, since it's just the two of us now, let me clear a few things."

He moved away from the edge of the makeshift raft and looked up at the Sin of Solace while still remaining in a sitting position.

"There's no point in pretending to be something that you are not. And what you are not is a real being... no, you're just a tiny, insignificant part of my mind that the enchantments of the Sin of Solace turned against me. How do I know? Well, you are a part of me, so you should already be aware."

The apparition remained silent, looking at him with curiosity.

Sunny shook his head.

"I know because I can lie when I talk to you, and I also don't have to answer all of your questions. That is only possible when I am talking to myself. You asked me if I was done feeling sorry for myself? I was not compelled to answer. You asked if I was afraid of you? For a moment or two, I was, and yet I was able to say that I wasn't. So..."

He grimaced.

"Really, I should have realized it the first time you kept distracting me with annoying questions, and I told you to shut up instead of giving you a real answer. Ah... I feel ashamed that it took me so long."

The Sin of Solace chuckled.

"Oh, but your Flaw is a subjective thing, isn't it? Maybe you can lie to me not because I am a part of you, but simply because you believe that I am a part of you."

Sunny smiled.

"Wouldn't it be great, if my Flaw was so easy to deceive? No... that is not the case. Plus, I had no reason to believe that you weren't an actual entity before. If anything, it would have been the other way around."

The apparition remained motionless, staring at him with a bleak expression. Then, the spirit of the cursed sword... the small broken piece of Sunny's own mind... sighed.

"Alright, you caught me. I am not real. Indeed, I am just a figment of your imagination."

The Sin of Solace was quiet for a few moments, and then grinned.

"But, have you not considered... that, maybe, quarreling and conversing with a splintered piece of your own mind is a bit more frightening than being haunted by a cursed sword?"

He laughed.

"I mean, wouldn't that mean that you have completely lost your mind? Lost from Light... damn lunatic... oh, this is simply wonderful!"

Sunny stared at the laughing copy of himself with a somber expression.

For once, he had nothing to say.

After a few long moments, he turned away and uttered through gritted teeth:

"...Shut up!"

The water was murmuring softly as the strong current pulled the makeshift raft forward. The mist was slowly growing less thick, but Sunny still couldn't see or feel anything in it.

When he grew thirsty, he summoned the Endless Spring and drank from it, looking at the clear water around him with suspicion. When he got hungry, he summoned the Covetous Coffer and took out some rations from inside it.

'I should have stocked up before leaving the siege capital.'

To Sunny's disappointment, his supplies were already running low. He had kept the Coffer well stocked while serving as an army scout, but after becoming an envoy to Clan Valor, there was no need to anymore. So, there had not been a lot of useful things left inside the bottomless chest at the start of the Nightmare.

It was hard to tell how much time had passed since Sunny entered the Nightmare, too. The dim twilight permeating the mist never grew brighter or darker. However, he felt as if it had not been more than a couple of days.

He had spent most of his time numbly staring at the wood grain of his makeshift raft. For some reason, it looked strangely familiar. The strange sense of familiarity was driving Sunny crazy...

But then again, perhaps it was the fact that he had gone crazy that caused the irrational sense of familiarity with a random piece of flotsam.

After all, there had to be a reason why the spirit of the Sin of Solace was suddenly much more clear, frighteningly real, and even able to appear without Sunny summoning the cursed sword. The less stable his mental state was, the more substantial the presence of the apparition was supposed to be.

Sunny did not feel particularly insane, just numb, heartbroken, and emotionally drained. However, which lunatic knew of their madness?

The Sin of Solace, meanwhile, was behaving rather strangely. Sunny was painfully aware of his many failures, so he had expected the apparition to barrage him with mockery and contempt. Did you want to protect the people of Antarctica? Did you think that your pathetic self was capable of protecting anything?

Stuff like that.

Hell... after that last conversation with Morgan, Sunny knew that the waking world was more or less doomed. He didn't even know if Rain would be okay. The Sin of Solace could have used that fact to drive a nail into his heart, too.

But the cursed sword mostly remained silent.

At some point, Sunny glanced at the apparition, which was still standing in the spot where it first appeared, and raised an eyebrow:

"Hey... aren't you going to mock me? Don't you want to remind me how pitiful and pathetic I am?"

Sunny's perfect copy stared at him for a few moments, then looked away with indifference.

"...That grew old ages ago. I can't be bothered."

Sunny frowned.

"Come to think of it... why is it that you haven't moved a single centimeter in all this time?"

The Sin of Solace scoffed.

"Where am I supposed to go? This raft is not that large... well, I might as well stand on water, true. But why should I?"

Sunny studied him for a bit, then shook his head.

"No... I think you're hiding something."

His hallucination laughed.

"Oh, yeah? So, now you are paranoid, too?"

Instead of answering, Sunny rose from where he was sitting and took a step toward the Sin of Solace. His copy frowned.

"What do you think you're..."

"Get lost."

Sunny pushed the apparition aside, forcing it to take a step back and sway dangerously at the very edge of the makeshift raft, almost falling into the water.

The Sin of Solace cursed, but Sunny paid him no attention. Instead, he stared at the spot where the hallucination had been standing all this time.

'...Interesting.'

There, a single rune was roughly carved into the wood.

**********


                                Chapter 1233 Coming to Terms With the End of the World
--------------------
Not paying the Sin of Solace any attention, Sunny bent down and studied the rune.

It was carved into the wood, but not with any kind of instrument. The grooves were deep, but crude and uneven, with rough and shaky edges. It was as if someone used their nails to scratch the rune into the wooden surface in a fit of madness.

The rune was a familiar one, too.

"Wish."

It had other meanings, too - desire, yearning, longing, aspiration... even hope, sometimes, depending on the context. Sunny knew that rune all too well. How could he not, after spending so much time on the Chained Isles?

But its most fundamental meaning was just that, a wish.

He stared at the rune for some time, thinking.

Who had carved it into the ancient wood? And why?

Had it been carved before the piece of wood he was using as a raft ended up as flotsam, or after?

What did it mean?

Sunny hesitated for a bit, then tentatively scratched at the wood with his nail. It was really tough - much tougher than mundane wood would have been. This raft of his turned out to be really sturdy. He wouldn't be able to leave a scratch on it without losing a nail or two...

"What are you doing?"

Sunny glanced at the Sin of Solace, who was looking at him with a bewildered expression.

'Playing dumb, huh?'

He pointed to the rune.

"Were you trying to hide it from me?"

The apparition tilted its head in confusion.

"Hide what?"

An angry expression appeared on Sunny's face, and he gritted his teeth.

"Stop messing with me, you pale bastard! You have been standing here this whole time, as if trying to prevent me from noticing the rune!"

However, deep inside, he felt a hint of doubt. Was... was he now seeing things? Was the rune not really there?

The Sin of Solace suddenly laughed.

"Gods... your expression, it's priceless. What about the rune? So there is a rune. Why would I care? In fact, why do you care? You seem completely beside yourself."

Sunny frowned, remained silent for a while, then let out a sigh.

Indeed, why would he care about some rune? Yeah, it might have possessed some meaning, like hinting at something about Hope. But a single rune was not enough to learn anything.

Maybe he was just so bored that he made a big deal out of nothing.

Maybe he was just trying really hard not to think about other things.

Like the fate of East Antarctica. Or Rain.

Or himself.

With a sigh, Sunny sprawled on the ancient wood and stared into the mist.

East Antarctica... was most likely finished. This was an appalling tragedy and a personal wound for Sunny. For the first time in his life, he had tried to act upon his nascent principles... and failed. In the end, his intervention didn't amount to anything.

Sure, he had prevented the great clans from causing the deaths of many civilians and government soldiers. But with the great abominations now rampaging across the Southern Quadrant, how many of those people he had saved would survive?

'Ah, this feeling... how bitter...'

The taste of failure was painful enough to make him want to never have such desires again. To never have the nerve to try and force his will upon the world again. To never... try.

'So childish.'

He was like a novice who had swung his training sword once, failed to perform the cut perfectly, and instantly gave up on wanting to learn swordsmanship. How many thousands of swings had it taken him to gain a basic level of control over his blade on the Forgotten Shore?

One failure, no matter how painful, was not a reason to stop trying.

Nevertheless, even if he somehow overcame his disillusionment and numbness... the cruel truth remained the same.

The Chain of Nightmares was only the start of a global catastrophe. Sunny did not know how many years the destruction of the waking world would take - a couple, a dozen, or a hundred - but he believed Morgan when she told him that it was inevitable.

The scope of this truth was so vast that he could not even really comprehend it.

It was the end of the world.

Or was it?

'I'm stuck here in the Third Nightmare, and may very well die. But Rain is out there in the waking world, which might be consumed by a global cataclysm at any moment.'

Sunny could not help but feel restless, disheartened, and afraid for his sister.

'At least Serpent is with her. It will protect her...'

Regardless of that, the revelation of the dire future forced him to look beyond his own experiences and motivations.

Sunny had been struggling against many things ever since becoming an Awakened. His personal indignation at becoming bonded with Nephis, his desire to be stronger than her and escape the chains of fate, his animosity toward the great clans and his ambition to see as many people as possible survive the Chain of Nightmares... all these matters were important and valid.

But, blinded by them, he never seriously considered the most fundamental and important conflict... mostly because it had always seemed too large and distant to have anything to do with a small and insignificant person like him.

The Nightmare Spell, which was slowly consuming humanity.

Now that he knew that the waking world had reached the point of no return, Sunny couldn't ignore the looming terror of it anymore.

'This is... this is just infuriating. I can't believe that I ended up being the bigger fool, out of the two of us!'

Back when Nephis had told him that her goal was to destroy the Spell, Sunny called her a lunatic. And he still believed that she was - her desire was nothing but pure madness!

However, as it turned out, the world they lived in was a world of madness. So it was Sunny, who just wanted to operate a Memory store and live a peaceful life, who was misguided.

In retrospect...

Maybe Neph's desire to conquer all the Nightmares and destroy the Spell was a bit insane, but Sunny's desire to just be free of it all and live carefree was pure lunacy.

The only sane ones were probably the people who fell somewhere in between these two extremes.

Like Effie.

**********


                                Chapter 1234 Two Futures
--------------------
Laying on a makeshift raft that was being pulled through boundless mist by a powerful current, Sunny suddenly burst out in laughter.

"Ah. Ah, I see now..."

Sin of Solace glanced at him with curiosity.

"What is it that you see, if you don't mind me asking?"

Sunny remained silent for a while.

"No, it's just that... I suddenly remembered an old conversation."

Years ago, in the ruined cathedral of the Dark City, Effie - who was mostly a stranger back then - had told Sunny a strange thing.

She had told him that the Dream Realm was not hell, like everyone believed, but instead a paradise... a dark and cruel one, but a paradise nevertheless. The kind of paradise they all deserved.

He knew now that Effie felt that way because she had been trapped in a broken body and constrained to a wheelchair in the waking world, but received a chance to be healthy and vibrant in the Dream Realm... however, that was not the only reason.

Effie also believed that the waking world was dying - not because of the Spell, but because of what humans themselves had done to the ecosystem they needed to exist. It might have even died already if it wasn't for the Awakened and the gifts they had received from the Spell.

The last thing she had said to him back then... was that one day, in the future, more people would consider the Dream Realm a paradise, just like she did.

'This is what it comes down to, isn't it?'

If Sunny tried to think realistically about the future, then the destruction of the waking world did not necessarily have to mean the destruction of humanity. Humanity was going to persevere... the small part of humanity that had access to the Dream Realm, to be more precise.

There were hundreds of thousands of Awakened in the world, a few hundred Masters, and a few dozen Saints. But these numbers were going to swell soon... if the Chain of Nightmares was any indication, the Nightmare Spell was starting to run rampant once again. There was going to be an incredible amount of infected in the coming years... numerous new Sleepers, numerous new Awakened.

There would be much more Masters, too, and even much more Saints.

Even if the waking world was consumed, these people would be able to live on in the small part of the Dream Realm that had already been conquered by humanity. Many things would be lost, but the Citadels were not that far from being self-sufficient. Especially the great Citadels like Bastion and Ravenheart - those were already like cities.

'So... this is it? This is the future?'

Out of three billions, just a few millions would survive?

Sunny remained motionless, staring into the mist.

The Sin of Solace was silent.

'It is the future the Sovereigns believe in, at least.'

Sunny heard once that the Sovereigns had long given up on the waking world. Now, he understood better why, and what for. The great clans had been concentrating on creating a landing zone for humanity all this time, carving out a piece of habitable land in the Dream Realm.

Their reasoning was grim and cruel, but realistic.

Sunny stirred.

'...But it is not the only possible future.'

There was also the future Nephis believed in.

Nephis, who saw the Sovereigns as traitors and sinners - not because they had destroyed her family, but because they had given up on trying to resist the Spell.

If a new Supreme appeared... if that Supreme conquered the Fifth Nightmare and became Sacred... or even Divine, maybe... then who was to say how the future would turn out?

Maybe if a god was born from humanity, a divine miracle would save everyone.

Wasn't it a sweet dream?

Sure, the probability of something like that happening was zero. It was not realistic at all. It was impossible... just a bit of wishful thinking.

However, Sunny couldn't help but allow himself to bask in that unrealistic dream for a few moments.

He turned his head, staring at the lone rune that was carved into the ancient wood of his makeshift raft.

Wish.

Even though he knew that a miracle would not happen, he still wished that it did.

But then...

What was Sunny's own wish?

He... wanted to be free. Despite everything, he still wanted to be free. He wanted to have a choice, to be the master of his own fate, not a slave to it.

He wanted to be strong, too. Strong enough to break his chains, and protect those he loved.

He wanted to live a good life.

'It's time to stop thinking about the big picture and concentrate on what exactly I have to do right now.'

Most of the people he cared about were now inside this Nightmare. There were a few of them in the waking world, as well, including Rain.

So, his goal was rather simple.

First of all, he had to survive.

He also had to find his friends, and make sure that they survived, too.

Then, they had to conquer the Third Nightmare and return to the waking world.

A god might descend from the machine to save humanity, or not... most likely not. In any case, it would not happen any time soon, so the next few years, at least, would go according to the future that the Sovereigns envisioned.

In that future, the value of a Saint would be tremendous. A Saint would not be easily dismissed or bullied - in fact, the opposite would be true.

So, Sunny had to become a Saint.

This was very convenient, considering that he was already inside a Third Nightmare, and the only alternative to Transcendence was death.

Additionally, as a Saint, he would be able to bring people - even mundane people - into the Dream Realm. So, should the waking world really perish, he would be able to save Rain and a few others from that destruction.

Or give them a chance to be saved, at least.

'Survive. Transcend.'

These were his goals, for now. And should he succeed... maybe other things would become possible, too.

'Become strong. Live a good life. Protect those I love.'

Defeat fate.

Be free.

'What a beautiful wish...'

Lulled by the sweet promise of a dreamlike future and the gentle swaying of the waves, Sunny slowly fell asleep.

____

Erdiul's Note: Next 4 chapter release date will take 2 days for an update. Will be nice this time since it's the beginning of the volume.

**********


                                Chapter 1235 Wondrous Sight
--------------------
Sunny had a nightmare again. Waking up in cold sweat, he couldn't remember what he had dreamt about, but was momentarily paralyzed by an overwhelming feeling of a... dark, dreadful, devouring obsession.

His mental state must have suffered a greater blow than he had thought, for him to keep suffering from repeated nightmares. Well... that was not an unreasonable result, considering what had happened during the Battle of the Black Skull and after.

'I should summon Nightmare and let him guard my sleep. He can subjugate a few of these dreams, too.'

As soon as Sunny thought that, he felt that something was wrong.

'Wh...'

In the next moment, the raft beneath him lurched, and then, the calming murmur of the flowing water suddenly turned into a deafening roar.

Sunny was thrown off the cool wooden surface and tossed into the depths. Feeling water surge into his mouth and nose, he cursed, swiftly sensed the surrounding space, and tried to find the familiar piece of flotsam... it was his only refuge in the mist, after all.

The raft was a few meters above him. Struggling against the current, Sunny swam upward. There was something strange, though... the previously dark expanse of water around him was now suffused with light, and the higher he reached, the brighter it became.

Finally, Sunny breached the surface and shut his eyes tightly, blinded by sunlight.

The ever-present mist... was gone.

Pushing his body against the current, Sunny swam toward his reliable raft, climbed onto the slick wood, and coughed out a mouthful of water. Then, he brushed his wet hair back and tentatively opened his eyes.

After days spent in the twilight of the ghostly mist, it took them a few seconds to adjust to the brightness of the day. Slowly, a breathtaking vista revealed itself from white radiance.

Sunny gasped slightly.

In front of him, as far as the eye could see, was a vast expanse of clear, sparkling water. Gentle sunlight reflected from its surface, making the whole world seem as if it was littered with gemstones.

High above, in the great firmament of the blue sky, seven suns were shining with beautiful light.

One sun was rising from the waters far away to his right, painting the sky and the flowing water with a thousand shades of soft lilac. The colors of dawn slowly brightened as they gradually turned into a vast expanse of vibrant blue right above Sunny. Far to his left, another sun was drowning in the bloodred water, turning the world into a conflagration of fiery crimson light.

The eastern horizon was at dawn, and the western horizon was at dusk. However, it was the middle of the day where Sunny was.

He stared at the incredible sight for a while, awed, then shifted slightly and looked back.

Behind the raft, the world was exactly the same - there was nothing but water. No sign of the mist remained, as if it had never existed at all.

Sunny sighed, then turned north again... or at least in the direction he chose to call north, considering that the only rising of the seven suns was to his right. It was also the direction of the current that continued to carry his raft forward.

He spent some time taking in the strange, wondrous landscape of the Nightmare world.

'It reminds me of something.'

Sunny lingered for a few moments, wondering. Then, he took a deep breath.

The seven radiant suns, the vast expanse of clear water... it reminded him of a Soul Sea. His own would have been similar, if he had radiant soul cores instead of the lightless shadow cores.

Of course, he only had five of those, and the dark waters of his soul were still and unmoving. His Soul Sea was also infinitely smaller. There were other differences, too.

Still... the world in front of him seemed too eerily beautiful to be a mundane place.

Which posed a question...

'Where the hell am I?'

There was no desert in sight. There was no black pyramid, either. All Sunny could see was the bright water and the seven strange suns. It was a known fact that the sky, including the celestial bodies populating it, was not uniform across the different regions of the Dream Realm... still, he was pretty sure that he had never been anywhere near a place like that.

And there was definitely nothing like that within the Nightmare Desert.

Sunny could reluctantly imagine that the Spell had sent him into a past so distant that the desert was still the bottom of a sea. However, even that would not explain the strangeness of the vibrant sky above him.

"Just what kind of Seed did we enter?"

There was the sound of splashing, and the Sin of Solace calmly walked across the surface of the water to stand atop the wooden raft again. He was perfectly dry and unbothered by the sudden change of scenery. There was a slight smile on his porcelain face.

"Quite a sight, isn't it?"

Sunny nodded silently, then suddenly looked intently at the spot where the apparition was standing.

The pale wood was dark and wet with water. When the mist had mysteriously disappeared, the raft must have overturned... revealing its bottom side.

And that underside was riddled with chaotic, manic lines.

They were runes, thousands of them, all blending into one demented tapestry. But... not only runes. Sunny recognized some of the crudely carved symbols, but others were entirely unfamiliar to him.

With a shudder, he noticed that there were even the familiar letters of the human language.

Translated by the Spell, all the symbols were repeating the same words:

"Wish wish wish be careful of wish wish be careful of what you wish for wish for wish for wish for wish WISH WISH BE CAREFUL OF WHAT YOU WISH FOR BE CAREFUL BE CAREFUL OF WHAT YOU WISH WISH WISH FOR..."

Sunny froze.

The words continued, spilling over the ancient wood as they broke and crisscrossed each other. Just like the single rune on the other side of the raft, it looked like they had been scratched into the incredibly durable wood by someone's nails. The lines were rough and frantic, but deep and forceful.

Sunny scowled, feeling an uncontrollable desire to move away from the deranged weave of runes. He felt a sense of dire madness radiating from them, and was irrationally wary of being infected by it. However, there was nowhere to move - the whole raft was covered by the mad litany of twisted symbols.

The part of it that he could see, the part where the Sin of Solace was standing calmly, and even the part where he was kneeling were all riddled with them.

Suddenly tense, Sunny looked away and glanced at the beautiful expanse of sparkling water once again.

...Somehow, it didn't seem as dreamy anymore.

**********


                                Chapter 1236 Great River
--------------------
"Be careful of what you wish for."

Sunny considered these words despite feeling that thinking about them too hard was, perhaps, not too wise. The aura of madness radiating from the carvings was just too intense to ignore.

The sight of the thousands of runes carved into the underside of his makeshift raft was more than a little bit ominous. However, he was not very concerned about how urgent and demented they looked.

What really made him wary were the symbols themselves. There were familiar runes, and unfamiliar symbols, too... although Sunny had extensively studied the various known languages of the Dream Realm, he could easily admit that there might have been writing systems that he had never seen. Even if it was a little strange that they were not only completely unknown to him, but also bore no passing resemblance to any of the ones he had brushed against before.

However, how could there be the letters of human language here? That was what really disturbed him.

'...Have someone from the Evacuation Army entered this Nightmare already?'

But no, that made no sense. The chances of an Awakened from his world entering the same Nightmare, finding the exact same piece of flotsam, and carving words from a dozen different languages - some of which even a researcher like Sunny had never stumbled upon, let alone mastered - into the wood before disappearing without a trace were infinitely small. Not to mention that the markings did not seem fresh. They seemed like they had been made a long, long time ago.

So... what the hell was the meaning of this? In fact, what the hell was the meaning of this entire Nightmare? There had been no vision of reversed time when Sunny entered it. There were apparently millions of challengers who had entered it before him. There was no desert, no pyramid. Instead, there were the seven suns and a seemingly boundless expanse of water that sparkled under their light. None of it made any sense at all. Even his shadows looked perplexed.

With a quiet groan, Sunny rubbed his temples and glanced at the Sin of Solace.

"What do you think about all this?"

The pale apparition looked at him with a smile.

"I am a part of you, so you should already be aware. No?"

Recognizing his own words, Sunny sighed and turned away.

"...Bastard."

The Sin of Solace laughed.

Sunny remained motionless for a while, trying not to look at the runes. Then, he studied the seven suns for some time.

'There's a lot of weirdness going on, and there's a lot of things that I don't know. So, let's think about what I do know.'

He was floating on a piece of wood in the middle of a vast body of water. However, that body itself was strange - it was seemingly as large as an ocean, with no land in sight, but composed of clear freshwater. All that water also seemed to be moving, flowing in a certain direction.

Freshwater and a uniform current... if Sunny disregarded the unimaginable scope, then wouldn't that make this place a river? A river that was greater than the vastest of seas, but still a river.

So... did he know of any rivers like that? Sunny shifted slightly.

'In fact... I do know about a river that was described as great.' A river that existed outside of time and flowed endlessly from the future into the past... the Great River. It was mentioned in the description of the Stifled Scream. There was also a hint of a dreadful secret being hidden in its estuary. Coincidentally - or maybe not - an estuary of some sort was also mentioned in the description of the Shroud of Graceless Dusk. According to it, the sybils had reached the Tomb of Ariel and embraced the Estuary after the voices of the gods grew silent. That was how they had fallen.

If the Estuary that the sybils had embraced was the estuary of the Great River, where a dreadful secret was hidden, then... The Great River and the Tomb of Ariel were obviously connected. But how? Why would the Spell send Sunny into the waters of the Great River after touching one of the building blocks of the black pyramid? And if this was indeed the Great River... then was he actually floating into the past right now?

Sunny remained motionless for a while, staring at the sparkling water and the seven radiant suns.

'Ah. My head hurts.'

He was pretty certain that he was right, and this was indeed the Great River that existed outside of time. That would explain why the vision of Ariel's Tomb had been interrupted and why he had not seen the usual reversal of time at the start of the Nightmare. Probably? However, he still had no idea what being on the Great River meant, and what the Nightmare had to do with it.

An uncomfortable thought suddenly appeared in his mind.

'...I won't leave the Nightmare in the past if I take too long to conquer it, right?'

It would be really awkward if the current of the Great River took him so far into the past that he appeared in the prehistoric time of the waking world, where there were no Nightmare Creatures, but plenty of dinosaurs instead. Then again, this river was supposed to exist outside of time. So it was just as likely that, should he survive the Nightmare, he would return to the waking world at the exact same moment that he had left it.

'Come to think of it...' If this Nightmare had a strange relationship with the flow of time, then it could possibly explain how thirteen million challengers - way more than there were Awakened in the waking world - had ended up inside of it. Maybe they had entered, entered, and would enter the Nightmare at various points in time before Sunny was alive, during his life, and long after he was dead.

That was a very confusing and incredibly troublesome thought, though... Because it meant that in all that time, none of them had managed to conquer the Nightmare. Sunny shivered.

'I'm just guessing, though. I might be completely wrong about the whole thing. In fact, it's most likely that I am.'

He still needed more information. Although Sunny had a very good memory and could easily remember the descriptions mentioning the Great River, he still decided to summon the runed and take another look at them.

The shimmering symbols appeared in the air in front of him.

Name: Sunless.

True Name: Lost from Light.

Rank: Ascended.

Class: Tyrant.

Shadow Cores: [5/7].

Shadow Fragments: [1236/5000].

Memories: [Silver Bell], [Puppeteer's Shroud], [Midnight Shard]...

He searched for the runes of the Stifled Scream, but then froze. A strange expression appeared on Sunny's face.

'...What?'

At the end of the long list of his Memories... There was a string of runes that had not been there before.

**********


                                Chapter 1237 The Answer Is
--------------------
In the past, receiving a new Memory had always been an important and memorable event for Sunny. After all, with his advantage in deciphering the secrets of their enchantments, Memories were one of his most powerful tools. Sunny relied on his soul arsenal a lot.

However, as time had gone by, the importance of the Memories lessened to a large extent. Of course, he was still reliant on them - but these days, most of the rewards he received from the Spell were either too weak for his level of power or inferior to something he already possessed.

With rare exceptions, their worth lay mainly in expanding his repertoire of weaving and serving as fuel for the evolution of his Shadows.

So, getting a new Memory was not as memorable an event as it had been before.

...Still, it was not to the extent that Sunny could forget receiving one.

'What the hell?'

He seemed to be saying this phrase a lot recently.

Sunny was befuddled, but he couldn't deny what he saw - there was indeed a new string of runes at the end of the list of his Memories, one that he neither recognized nor had ever seen before.

He scowled, then threw a suspicious glance at the Sin of Solace.

After hesitating for a while, Sunny chose not to say anything and turned his attention back to the runes.

Not only had the new Memory appeared out of nowhere, but its name also made him feel a deep sense of unease.

The runes read:

Memory: Key of the Estuary.

Sunny stared at it for a minute or two, disturbed. He had just been thinking about the Tomb of Ariel, the Great River, and its estuary... and now, this?

What did the name of the Memory mean?

Where did it come from?

And, more importantly... when did it appear?

He had not killed anything, or anyone, after entering the Nightmare. His Shadows were within his Soul Sea - they couldn't have slain a Nightmare Creature, either.

Except for Soul Serpent. But if Rain had been attacked by an abomination and Serpent killed it while defending her, the Spell should have still announced the kill and the acquisition of a Memory to Sunny. Yet he had not heard its voice since entering the Nightmare.

Had it happened while he was asleep?

With a grim expression, Sunny pulled his attention from the mysterious Memory and glanced at the list of his Shadows. Soul Serpent's runes were still bleak and lifeless, but they were there - which meant that Serpent had not been destroyed, at least.

It wouldn't have let anything happen to Rain without sacrificing itself first. So, Rain was most definitely alright... she had to be.

Suddenly, Sunny felt his heart turn cold and heavy. He looked at the beautiful expanse of sparkling water with a somber expression, his eyes full of concern and darkness.

Then, he slightly shook his head and looked down.

'Doesn't make any sense.'

What were the chances of a random abomination in the distant NQSC gifting Sunny with a Memory that was connected to the Great River? Why would it?

Pursing his lips, he let out a heavy sigh and turned his attention back to the runes.

Concentrating on the Estuary Key made more shimmering symbols appear in the air.

As soon as Sunny started reading them, his expression changed.

Memory: Key of the Estuary.Memory Rank: Supreme...

'Supreme?!'

His heart skipped a beat.

At the same time, Sunny's unease deepened.

He should have been excited to find himself in possession of such a powerful Memory. However, instead, all Sunny felt was a cold sense of dread. It was because he firmly believed that nothing in this world - two worlds, rather - was ever free. So, getting a Supreme Memory out of nowhere only made him feel apprehension.

'...Could Serpent even kill a Great Nightmare Creature?'

Soul Serpent was an Ascended Tyrant, just like Sunny. Sunny himself was not powerful enough to dare face a great abomination... his chances of surviving such a fight were not zero, but very close to it. The vessels of the Skinwalker were proof.

Frowning, Sunny swallowed his questions and continued to read.

Memory Tier: VI.

'Sixth Tier...'

He didn't even bother to consider the implications and turned to the description... which was strangely short.

There were only several shimmering runes:

Memory Description: [The answer is oblivion.]

Sunny stared grimly at the short string of runes, perplexed.

'The answer?'

He was confused.

To what question?

Was oblivion the key to the Estuary? What did it mean?

Or was it not oblivion, but Oblivion - the Demon of Oblivion? But what did that easily forgotten daemon have to do with anything?

Sunny rubbed his face, then glanced at the enchantments of the mysterious Memory. However, to his disappointment, there were no more hints hidden in the runes. All he saw was:

Memory Enchantments: [???].[???] Enchantment Description: [???].

And that was it.

There seemed to be only one enchantment, but it had no name and no description. It was just like the [Where is my eye?] enchantment of Weaver's Mask, which had not been named until Sunny used it.

There was one difference, though... [Where is my eye?] was an active enchantment, while the enchantment of the Estuary Key seemed to be a passive one.

Sunny took a deep breath.

'So... what is the probability that Soul Serpent had killed a Great Terror while I slept, and that the Memory received by me as a result has to do with the Great River?'

That was the only logical explanation, and yet, the logic of that explanation was highly questionable.

He remained motionless for a while, then sighed and summoned the Key of the Estuary.

Of course, it would have been more prudent to first study the mysterious Memory in the Soul Sea... yet, somehow, Sunny felt reluctant to touch it within his soul.

Soon, countless sparks of darkness swarmed around his palm, and then slowly formed into a jagged piece of black stone.

The jagged stone was utterly black and cool to the touch, reminding Sunny of the building blocks of the Tomb of Ariel. There were no features to it, no runes or images carved into its surface. It was just a rough, palm-sized chunk of stone that seemed like something one would randomly pick up from the ground.

Since the mysterious enchantment of the Estuary Key was a passive one, it was supposed to come into effect as soon as the Memory was summoned. However, if it was doing something, Sunny couldn't tell.

He did not feel any changes, neither in himself nor in the world.

'Ah... I feel like I'm going mad.'

He had been bombarded by more and more bizarre questions since the start of the Nightmare, and none of them had any answers.

There was also an answer that didn't seem to have a question.

Even the Sin of Solace had become a bit weird.

Uttering a quiet curse, Sunny concentrated and peered beneath the surface of the jagged black stone.

Even if the enchantment had no name and no description, he could still study its weave himself. After all, by now, he had some knowledge of weaving, as well as the ability to intuitively feel the purpose of various weaves.

Within the Estuary Key, there was a vast tapestry of ethereal strings. It was not the most complicated spellweave Sunny had ever seen - that would be the weave of Weaver's Mask - but it was still incredibly complex, and unimaginably intricate. An enchantment like that was hopelessly outside the scope of what he himself could create, at least.

Sunny was stunned.

However, he was not stunned by the intricacy or complexity.

Instead, what paralyzed him were the strings themselves.

Because, unlike the strings of soul essence that comprised the weaves of all Memories created by the Spell, these ones were not ethereally luminous and silvery white.

Instead, they were lightless and dark.

...Like something Sunny himself would create.

**********


                                Chapter 1238 So Bizarre
--------------------
The strings of the Memories created by the Spell were made out of soul essence... at least Sunny was convinced that they were. They were strings of ethereal, silver light.

The strings that Sunny himself weaved, however, were made out of shadow essence. Although they were a perfect substitute for the strings of light, they appeared entirely black. This was the reason why the weaves of the Memories he modified were like a patchwork of light and darkness.

...The weave of the Estuary Key, however, had no light at all. Every string of its vast and intricate tapestry was black, as if created out of shadow essence. It was just like the Siege Souvenir that Sunny had made and used to kill Goliath.

Sunny stared at the jagged piece of black stone, dumbfounded.

'What... what is the meaning of this?'

How could there be a Memory such as this if he had not created it?

Suddenly, there was cold sweat on his face.

'...Have I lost a part of my memories?'

Oblivion, oblivion... the answer was oblivion...

Sunny shifted, and his hand instinctively shot to the side, ready to grasp a weapon.

The Sin of Solace observed his panic with an amused smile.

A few seconds passed, then a few more. The Great River was peaceful and desolate, with not a threat in sight. Slowly, Sunny allowed himself to relax.

'Even if I somehow lost some memories, that wouldn't explain this damned Memory!'

Sunny was certain that he was not capable of creating a spellweave of such magnitude and complexity. He was nowhere near that level, as far as weaving was concerned...

Much more importantly, he knew for a fact that he was not capable of killing a Great Terror to collect six Supreme soul shards. Although, if this Memory was an artificial one, the soul shards could have come from six Great Beasts instead...

"Or six Sovereigns."

The Sin of Solace offered a suggestion with a mocking grin.

Sunny flinched, then glared at the apparition. His face was even paler than usual.

"Ha. Ha... very funny."

He was incapable of killing six Great Beasts, either. Or even one... most likely.

'So what does it mean?!'

Now, he really felt as if he was losing his mind. A Supreme Memory of the Sixth Tier appeared in his soul out of nowhere, and on top of that, it seemed to have been made from shadow essence.

It was just too bizarre!

Sunny groaned, grabbed his head and froze for a few minutes, thinking. After a while, his agitation lessened a little.

'It... it can still be explained. Even if the explanations are more than a little bit out there.'

First of all... the fact that the strings of the Estuary Key's weave were seemingly made out of shadow essence did not mean that it was Sunny who had created them. There could have been another shadow creature capable of weaving somewhere here.

In fact, Sunny had never received a Memory for killing a shadow creature. Who knew, maybe all Memories awarded for slaying shadows were like that?

So... it was still possible that somewhere in the waking world, Serpent had slain a Great Terror that had been a shadow creature once, and Sunny received the reward - which just happened to be tied to the Great River - while asleep.

Of course, it was extremely hard to believe that something like that had happened. But Sunny had been living with the [Fated] Attribute for many years now... if there was one thing he had learned, it was that he should never say never. All kinds of improbable coincidences were prone to happening to him.

There were two other explanations, as well.

One of them was that Sunny had somehow vastly improved his mastery of weaving, procured six Supreme soul shards, created the Key of the Estuary, and then forgotten all about it.

In the process, none of his other runes had changed, either - his Class, number of shadow fragments, collection of Memories, and the state of his Shadows were all the same as they had been before entering the Nightmare.

Well, that was not exactly true - one thing about him had indeed changed, and to a frightening degree. It was the Sin of Solace... the spirit of the cursed sword was entirely different from how it had been before. But that was the only discrepancy.

Nevertheless, the second explanation was even less believable than the first one. Too many things about it did not make any sense.

The third explanation had to do with the Great River, and the nature of time. Since time worked strangely in this Nightmare, it was... maybe?... possible that Sunny would create the Key of the Estuary in the future, but was somehow capable of already possessing it in the present.

He really didn't know that much about time... or rather, he knew just as much about it as any person would. Sunny was not ignorant, but time itself was like a perversion of itself here. In any case, he had no idea how it worked on the Great River. So, who was to say that something like that couldn't happen?

The third explanation was the most bizarre... and yet, it somehow sounded more plausible than the other two.

Sunny dismissed the Estuary Key and silently stared at the vast expanse of flowing water in front of him. The seven suns were slowly traveling across the blue sky.

'So, in conclusion. I have no idea how I ended up on this river instead of in the Nightmare Desert, no knowledge about what the Great River actually is, no hints about what to do to conquer the Nightmare, and no clue where the others are. And on top of that, there is a mysterious Memory in my soul, and the Sin of Solace seems to have gone through a strange transformation.'

Sunny sighed as he enjoyed the beautiful view.

"Wonderful."

The Sin of Solace glanced at him with a smile.

"I'm glad you're in a good mood."

Then, the apparition took a tentative step back and grinned.

"But, Sunny... shouldn't you be paying more attention to the surroundings in a situation like this?"

Sunny frowned for a moment, then suddenly opened his eyes wide.

He had been distracted by the barrage of weird revelations and lulled into a false sense of security by the beautiful tranquility of the Great River...

Which was why he was a second too late to sense a vast shadow rising swiftly from the depths below him.

Summoning a Memory, he cursed and jumped high into the air.

In the next moment, giant jaws tore the surface of the water on both sides of his makeshift raft and closed, turning it into thousands of sharp splinters...

**********


                                Chapter 1239 Sea Monster
--------------------
The piece of flotsam had survived untold years of drifting on the currents of the Great River, and was so sturdy enough that Sunny couldn't easily leave a scratch on it despite being an Ascended Tyrant. Nevertheless, in just an instant, it was utterly obliterated.

The thousands of manic runes carved into its surface were destroyed. All that remained were tiny splinters, and even those disappeared a split second later when the giant jaws snapped shut.

A massive serpentine head appeared from beneath the water, two monstrous eyes staring at Sunny with hunger and malevolent fury. Azure scales glistened in the sunlight, each one larger and thicker than the armor plates of a heavy military APC. The creature... was utterly enormous, ancient, and seemingly mad.

But Sunny was already in the air.

The height of his vertical jump was nothing to scoff at, so there was a lot of distance between him and the sharp narrow snout of the abomination. However, it did not matter, because the giant sea serpent continued to rise from the water, revealing its tower-like neck.

Its maw opened again like the gates of a dark abyss.

Another second later, it had already shot two dozen meters into the sky, threatening to swallow Sunny whole.

'Curse it... why does such a huge monster even want to eat a tiny morsel like me?!'

But then again, Nightmare Creatures were not really interested in human flesh. What they wanted were human souls... and as far as souls went, Sunny's was powerful and vast despite his modest size.

'Damn it!'

Sunny twisted in the air and kicked down. He was not trying to strike the sea serpent - instead, he used one of its fangs as a trampoline to catapult himself even further up. The timing of this desperate maneuver had to be incredibly precise, and the tiniest mistake meant death... but he was nothing if not quick. Especially when augmented by all five of his shadows.

And if the bastard lost a tooth as a result, well that would be even better.

However, the sea serpent's fang did not break from Sunny's powerful kick. In fact, it was almost the opposite - if not for Bone Weave, Sunny's leg might have snapped. The giant fang seemed utterly indestructible, like a monolith made of pristine crystal jade.

Wincing in pain, Sunny shot higher into the sky... and the creature followed. The serpent's long body continued to rise from the water, revealing its terrifying size and length. Just from the small part that could be seen, he judged that the abomination was at least a couple hundred meters in length.

It was a true leviathan.

'Gods...'

Sunny was not sure that he could escape high enough to save himself from the sea monster... or rather, the river monster. Even worse, he had nowhere to land. All around them, there was nothing but water.

He looked at the approaching maw in despair...

And then, the Memory he had summoned finally manifested itself into reality.

It was not the Sin of Solace, nor was it any other weapon.

Instead, it was a long and narrow needle forged out of black metal, with golden wire wrapped around one of its ends.

The Heavenly Burden.

Without hesitating even for a moment, Sunny drove the needle into his forearm, grimaced, and swiftly sent all his shadows to wrap themselves around it. Instantly, the speed of his ascent increased tremendously.

The Heavenly Burden did not give a person the ability to fly, but it did make the things it pierced float upward. Usually, the speed with which one drifted into the sky was not too great, but with the augmentation of five shadows, things changed.

The maw of the azure leviathan, which had been drawing closer to Sunny at a frightening pace, slowly started to fall behind. He was ascending into the air faster than the serpent was rising from the water.

The surface of the Great River already seemed rather distant.

'D-damnation... why do I feel like a hot air balloon?'

After a few more minutes, the giant jaws snapped shut once again, and the leviathan stopped, staring upward with dark, hungry madness burning in its huge inhuman eyes.

About fifty meters of its long body had already risen from the waters of the Great Rivers, looming above them like a tower of glistening azure scales. Streams of water flowed from the long ridge of its dorsal fin, with curved spikes protruding from it like giant blades.

The monstrous sea serpent... was rather magnificent.

Or it would have been, if not for the clear signs of decay and corruption marring its massive body.

Its eyes, which had been golden once, were now dim and cloudy, with lines of crimson pus spreading from them toward the long snout. The azure scales were covered by countless scars, some of them missing entirely to reveal pale, desiccated flesh. Pieces of rotten meat were stuck between its dark fangs.

The ancient serpent stared at Sunny, and Sunny stared back.

'This... is not good.'

The leviathan was large enough to be a titan. Granted, dwellers of the depths were often larger than their land counterparts... but if it was indeed a titan, then Sunny was in big trouble.

Because titans had all kinds of ways to kill someone like him from afar.

Shuddering, he concentrated and peered through the azure scales. He needed to understand what the creature's Rank and Class were...

What Sunny saw left him shaken and revolted.

Darkness... nothing but vile darkness, with only one pronounced node that was the source of it.

His mouth was suddenly dry.

'...A Great Beast.'

Still being carried into the sky by the Heavenly Burden, Sunny let out a stifled laugh.

'Well, that's... unexpected.'

He had never thought that he would be glad to see a Great Beast one day.

But he was.

A Great Beast was a harrowing creature of indescribable destructive power, but it was still fundamentally a Beast. And Beasts did not usually possess any unnatural powers.

So, while the Azure Serpent was without a doubt an absolutely disastrous foe for Sunny, meeting it was still better than encountering a Titan, a Terror, a Tyrant... or even a Devil of a lesser Rank. Because the creature couldn't do anything to him while Sunny remained in the sky.

'Ah... but there is a problem...'

Forcing himself to look away from the towering monstrosity, Sunny studied the vast expanse of the Great River.

There was nothing but water, no matter in which direction he looked.

He had nowhere to land.

**********


                                Chapter 1240 Sunny Zeppelin
--------------------
The giant Great Beast was growing smaller and smaller as Sunny rose higher into the sky. The winds were howling, and he was slowly starting to feel apprehensive about how long it would take him to fall back down. The view was simply breathtaking... but even from such a high vantage point, Sunny could not see a single piece of land.

There were no islands, no continents, and no ships. There was not even another piece of flotsam.

He sighed.

'What a predicament.'

"Enjoying the view?"

Sunny flinched and craned his neck, looking at the Sin of Solace.

His identical copy was calmly standing on thin air, looking down at him. The wind was playing with the apparition's long black hair.

Sunny frowned.

'I... really need to get a haircut.'

"You're ignoring me now? Ungrateful."

He glared at the apparition silently, then asked:

"How are you doing that? Why aren't you falling?"

A wicked smile appeared on the face of the cursed spirit.

"It's because, unlike you, I'm not weighed down by sin."

Sunny scoffed.

"Bastard... it's literally in your name..."

The two were silent for a few moments, giving him ample time to enjoy the fact of just how insane he had become. After a while, the Sin of Solace pointed down.

"Why bother resisting? Here's an idea... just go jump into this beast's maw. Haven't you heard the stories about people traveling inside a sea creature's belly? With your luck, it will definitely bring you to somewhere pleasant."

Sunny stared at the porcelain face of the apparition.

"If I die, you die too, you know?"

The Sin of Solace grinned.

"Maybe I would rather die than spend more time in your company. Have you ever thought about that?"

Sunny gritted his teeth, then looked away.

'He's not real... he's just a part of me... since when am I this irritating?'

Sighing, he summoned the Dark Wing. Soon, a translucent cloak appeared on his back and turned into a blur. The shadows moved, flowing from the Heavenly Burden to cover it in darkness.

Illuminated by the light of seven suns, Sunny followed the current of the Great River as he glided forward. To his right, the world was painted in hues of lilac by the light of dawn. To his left, the water was like a sea of burning blood because of the crimson dusk. All around him, the blue sky was suffused with the bright radiance of the day.

The Sin of Solace calmly walked across that sky, following him. His hands were clasped behind his back.

'There has to be something - anything - in this Nightmare. It can't just all be water.'

Sunny was pretty sure that there would be some place where he could land. Otherwise, the trial was too unreasonable... anyone without Memories like the Essence Pearl and the Nimble Catch would be doomed. The Spell was not an executioner.

Of course, with his luck, he might have been sent thousands of kilometers away from the nearest piece of land. That would not be the first time Sunny found himself on the receiving end of truly terrible fortune.

There was only one way to find out.

...Well, actually, there were a couple. He could try surviving the [Where is my eye?] enchantment for the third time. And he would, if there was no other way.

The giant sea monster below followed Sunny with its cloudy eyes, and then dove back into the water. However, its vast shadow remained, moving slowly just below the surface. It was keeping pace with the flying human.

Sunny's expression grew bleak.

'Not willing to let go, huh?'

Did he offend the serpent's ancestors in his past life?

Time went by. The sea serpent continued to follow Sunny, raising its head above the water from time to time to throw a chilling look in his direction. At some point, Sunny removed the black needle from his forearm and allowed himself to glide down for a while.

There was a Great Beast waiting for him in the river... and if there was one below, there could easily be one above. Being attacked by a flying abomination was the last thing Sunny wanted to happen - but if it did happen, he wanted to at least have the opportunity to dive back into the water and try his luck in the depths. Maybe the two abominations would fight with each other instead.

This was why he dared neither rise too high above the water nor get too low.

Sunny felt tense, somber... and a bit exasperated.

'No, really. What kind of messed-up situation is this?'

He had turned into a blimp!

After gliding down for a while, he winced and pushed the black needle back into his forearm.

And so it continued.

The Great Beast stubbornly followed, always staying precisely below Sunny. The hours slowly went by. Sometimes, he would rise, and sometimes, he would descend. The Heavenly Burden continued to poke small holes in his skin, which then immediately healed thanks to the [Living Stone] trait of the Shell.

Sunny grew angry.

Then, he grew depressed.

Then, he grew bored.

Eventually, he started to enjoy the feeling of flying through this beautiful world of radiant sunlight and shining water. A small smile appeared on his face.

There was a great abomination waiting to gobble Sunny up, and yet, he felt strangely peaceful. How many people out there dreamed of being able to fly?

'...Maybe I did lose my mind.'

He was happy that the Sin of Solace, at least, was keeping his mouth shut.

The seven suns slowly moved across the sky. Eventually, the dawn to his right dissipated, giving way to night. The seventh sun rose above the water and crawled west across the firmament, followed by a spreading darkness. The sun to his left drowned in the crimson water and disappeared, soon followed by another.

One by one, all seven suns disappeared beyond the western horizon, and the sky became completely black.

There was no moon, and no stars.

However, soon after absolute darkness consumed the world, the waters of the Great River themselves began to emanate a soft, shimmering radiance. Sunny held his breath, stunned by the sublime beauty of this dark, luminous world. The whole boundless expanse of the Great River was now suffused with faint, but beautiful light.

It was as though...

As though the seven suns were now somewhere far below, the soft echo of their light barely reaching the world through the unfathomable mass of water.

'How pretty...'

Sunny stared at the softly shining expanse of water for a while. Then, his expression turned dull.

If there was one flaw to this ethereally beautiful scene, it was the dark shape beneath the surface of the flowing water, and the two giant eyes staring at him with hunger and madness.

The day was over, and the night had come...

But the damned Great Beast was still patiently waiting for him below.

Looking at the head of the ancient sea serpent, Sunny sighed.

'I wonder how many days I can survive...'

**********

