Shadow Slave - PART 165
Chapters 1641 to 1650
==============================


                                Chapter 1641: First Impressions
--------------------
Sunny studied Cassle's face, trying to guess what she was thinking about. Having left her alone for several weeks, he did not feel particularly... safe. Who knew what conclusions she had drawn in that time? What plans she had formulated? He was a stranger to her, now. Which meant that the blind seer would not afford him the same grace she afforded her friends.

Facing Cassie as someone she might perceive as a potential enemy... was a nerve-wracking experience. Sunny felt like he finally understood why Mordret was so wary of her.

...But then again, he was someone worthy of being feared, himself. He was powerful and lethal enough to be an existential threat to anyone who would dare stand in his way. Sunny did not have to be afraid of anyone, or any thing - instead, everyone had to be scared of him.

If they knew who he was, of course. But no one did, which only made him more terrifying.

"Well, no matter.”

It was not like he wanted to frighten Cassie. Sunny was pretty sure that she would treat him with sincerity - he had what she wanted, after all. Still, a relationship of a transactional nature was not the most stable, It was in his best interest to build a better connection with her... and maybe even reach a point where they shared mutual trust.

Sunny looked at Cassle, who was wearing a white tunic and a seawave cloak, her eyes hidden behind a strip of blue cloth. Then, he glanced at his own black bodysult. The two of them did not exactly look like a natural pair. Currently, they were accomplices at best, not allies.

So, how do I go about building trust?"

One small step at a time, most likely.

He looked at the shattered moon, then at the restless waters of the dark lake. Finally, he said:

"The ambiance here is truly lovely. However, the lake is rather dreadful. Wouldn't it be better if we left before something very terrible came out of the water to spoil the mood?"

Cassie remained silent for a moment, then smiled faintly.

"Didn't you come from the water yourself, Saint Sunless? Are you very terrible, as well?"

He coughed.

"Well... yes, I did. And yes, I guess I am."

She tilted her head slightly.

"I am surprised that you made it all the way here, actually. How did you traverse the lake without being torn apart? Or alerting anyone to your presence?"

That was an obviously probing question, but Sunny didn't mind. He shrugged and answered in a nonchalant tone:

"By being patient and very good at hiding”

She sighed lightly and turned around, walking slowly in the direction of the castle ruins.

"Let's go."

Sunny hesitated for a moment before following

As he did, he looked up, at the figures patrolling the remnants of the toppled walls.

This was the problem he had not been able to solve yet.

Finding an entrance into the hidden realm had not been too hard. Avoiding the Echoes patrolling the lake and finding a path through the graveyard of swords at its bottom had not been much of a problem, either. Even traversing the dark depths of the true lake, where great horrors dwelled, was well within his power.

But getting inside the ruined castle itself was troublesome. There were many powerful Knights of Valor inside... there was the King of Swords himself, as well. Worse than that, the members of his clan were versed in runic sorcery. Their stronghold was protected by an array of enchantments that Sunny could not hope to unravel, let alone bypass silently.

He knew a thing or two about Hope's sorcery, but not nearly enough to compete with real experts.

That was why Sunny needed Cassie. Without help from inside the castle, it would take him years to infiltrate its ruins. He wasn't worried about being betrayed by her, either...

At this moment, as if reading his mind, the blind seer asked him with a hint of curiosity in her voice:

"Can I ask you a question, Saint Sunless?"

He glanced at her back.

"Sure. And, please... call me Sunny. Here in Bastion, I am known as the master of Sunny's Brilliant Emporium. A humble shopkeeper, and definitely not a Saint."

She remained silent for a moment.

"Why are you so sure that I won't surrender you into the hands of my clan? After all... here in Bastion, I am known as a loyal, obedient servant of the King. A virtuous Saint, and definitely not someone who would help an outsider infiltrate the very heart of our stronghold."

Sunny answered calmly, his voice tinged with a hint of amusement:

"It's because I know that you are actually disloyal, disobedient, and wicked."

Cassie suddenly coughed.

"...Ah."

He chuckled and added in a light tone:

"Just my kind of person. I am a bit of a treacherous bastard myself, to be honest."

She cleared her throat.

"I… see"

Cassie remained silent for a while after that, jumping off the toppled tower to land softly on the ground below, Sunny followed, suppressing the desire to slap himself across the face.

"What... what kind of nonsense am I spouting?"

Right now, Cassle only knew that he was a Saint that was somehow connected to her and Nephis, and had undergone the Third Nightmare with them. Which would suggest that he had been their friend, or at least an ally... if not for the fact that Mordret had also been there, in the Tomb of Ariel.

Meaning that not everyone who had entered that Nightmare was an ally. Cassie knew that Sunny had played a big role in her life, but she did not know what kind of role he had played. She had to account for the fact that he very well could have been her enemy... at the very least, she wouldn't be sure that he had been a friend.

So, why the hell was he willingly admitting to being a wretched traitor?

Sunny closed his eyes for a moment and then said, trying very hard to keep the embarrassment out of his voice:

"What I'm trying to say... is that everyone has their own interest. It is not in your self-interest to surrender me to Clan Valor, and I am pretty sure that you would not sacrifice yourself for their benefit. Otherwise, I would have been visited by a cohort of Knights and a few Paladins the very next day after your visit."

Cassie inhaled slowly.

"I see, That makes sense."

She paused for a moment, and then suddenly asked:

"What is your interest, then?"

Sunny smiled and looked at the broken sky.

"That is the question, isn't it?”

**********


                                Chapter 1642: Selfish Reasons
--------------------
Sunny contemplated his answer for a few moments, then sald neutrally:

"I guess it's the same as yours."

Cassle seemed a little surprised.

"The same as mine?"

He nodded and glanced at her with hidden worry. They were climbing a slope of stone debris, the surface under their feet treacherous and uneven.

Cassie seemed to be doing fine, but her movements were a little stiff.

No matter how well she had learned to live with her Flaw, she was still blind. Sharing other people's perception or sensing a few seconds into the future could not entirely replace sight. However, Sunny could not think of a way to support her on this treacherous slope - he could offer her his hand, but he doubted that she would accept it. They were not that close... now.

In the end, he did nothing.

"Indeed. You told me that you had always wanted to destroy fate... but that is not entirely true, is it? You wouldn't want to struggle against fate if it carried you to a wonderful outcome. The outcome you saw must be terrible... so, what you really want is to reach a desirable outcome, not destroy fate. The latter is merely a means to an end, while the former is the end. That is your interest.”

Sunny shrugged.

"It is the same for me. My Interest is to reach a desirable outcome."

Cassie hesitated for a moment.

"So what is the outcome you desire?"

He grinned.

"How can I know? It's too soon to talk about an outcome - I don't even know what will happen, let alone how I might want it to end. I merely have a few ideas. In any case, that question is better aimed at you, Saint Cassia. You are much better informed about the future than I am. So... what outcome do you desire?"

Now, they were on the right track. Mutual trust was the end goal, but it had to be built on the foundation of mutual benefit. To help each other benefit, they needed to know what each of them wanted.

What was it that Cassie desired?

Even after knowing her for so many years, Sunny was not sure. She had always kept her secrets close.

Which was why he did not expect to hear her honest response:

"I want to save the world."

Sunny almost tripped, startled.

"Wh-what?"

His eyes might have widened a little.

Cassue laughed quietly.

"Why are you so surprised? It's only reasonable. After all, I am a part of the world, and so are those people I care about - if the world is destroyed, everything I cherish will be destroyed with it. Alright, maybe I was a little grandiose in my statement... I do want to save the world, but purely for selfish reasons. Perhaps it would be more appropriate to say that I want to save myself. It's just that one and the other are inseparable."

Sunny stared at her silently for a few moments.

"Should I take it as confirmation, then, that the world is doomed? Ah, it's a bit disconcerting. I did not expect to hear something like that from an oracle as powerful as you."

He looked at the shattered moon. The background was also very ominous.

Cassie shrugged.

"I suspect that you know perfectly well what fate awaits our world. It is obvious that the world is doomed... what most people don't realize is how little time we have left. Those who pay careful attention to the Nightmare Spell, though, do."

Sunny frowned.

Was she talking about the fact that their world would eventually be devoured by the Dream Realm? It would be natural to assume that Sunny knew, considering that she suspected that he had been on Aletheia's Island with them. More than that, it was no secret - the Great Clans had known, as well, which was why they were focused on conquering a new world instead of trying to save the old one.

Or was she talking about the Forgotten God and his inevitable awakening? The moment that ancient being struggled free of its slumber, the very existence could come undone at the seams, and the Everlasting Vold could be unleashed from its prison.

...Or were these two events inseparable, as well?

He grimaced.

"So what are your immediate goals?"

Cassie smiled faintly.

"I don't think that we know each other well enough to share such details... Sunny. Maybe I'll tell you another day, after learning more about you from your Memories."

Sunny sighed.

"Fair enough. As for my immediate goals... I'm not trying to doubt your competence, Saint Cassia, but how are you going to get me inside the castle? The guards, the runic array, the other safeguards the King must have put in place - you don't seem to be too concerned about any of these."

Cassie was climbing several steps ahead from him, just a few meters from the more intact section of the wall, Once they reached it, there would be Ascended warriors patrolling, and if any of them saw Song of the Fallen escorting an Intruder into the stronghold of their clan... things would turn ugly.

She was not going to just stride into the heart of Anvil's Domain, was she?

Cassle stopped for a moment, then continued climbing.

"Don't worry about it. I will keep my word

At the same time, she raised her hands and carefully pulled her blindfold off, tying it around one of her wrists.

A few moments later, they were on top of the wall.

There were enchanted lanterns installed on wooden posts, illuminating the ramparts.

And there, just a few meters in front of them...

Three heavily armored Masters were standing, staring at Cassie and Sunny with vigilant expressions. He could see dangerous flames igniting in their eyes.

One of them placed his hand on the hilt of his sword and asked, his voice a mix of confusion and wariness:

"Saint Cassia? Who..."

'Damn it...'

Sunny did not move.

And in the next moment, the three Knights of Valor underwent an eerie change.

Their eyes suddenly grew unfocused, drifting away from Cassie's delicate figure. The tense expressions on their faces disappeared. They remained motionless for a few moments, then continued on their patrol without ever looking back.

One walked right past the blind seer, brushing against her seawave cloak.

Cassie calmly moved in the opposite direction, leaving the patrol behind.

A moment later, she said over her shoulder:

"Don't worry. They won't remember seeing us."

Sunny hurriedly followed her, quietly impressed...

And more than a little bit disturbed.

'What an insidious power, indeed.’

**********


                                Chapter 1643: Unseen.
--------------------
Sunny had contemplated the ways Cassie could get him Inside the castle. From using a secret passage through the ruins to using her intricate knowledge of runic sorcery to Interfere with the defensive array, there were many potential methods for someone as resourceful as her to choose from.

What he had not expected was that she would, indeed, simply stride inside without paying the elite forces of Valor any heed.

Cassie simply walked forward at a mild pace, poised and elegant. Her calm steps were unhurried. She did not try to avoid the light of the enchanted lanterns or hide from the patrolling knights, acting like noting was the matter.

And yet, despite Sunny's presence, no one paid her any attention or barred her path.

The powerful Ascended guarding the castle shivered slightly when her gaze fell on them, their expressions turning slack for a moment. Then, they stepped aside and silently continued on their way, as if both Cassie and Sunny had somehow turned invisible. Not, not invisible… impossible to focus on or remember.

The memory of seeing the strange pair was completely erased from the minds of the elite warriors of Valor, replaced by a false recollection of nothing notable happening.

It was rather impressive.

And deeply disturbing.

Sunny was walking behind Cassie, so he could not see her eyes. He wasn't sure he wanted to, either.

Looking at her delicate back, he could not help but remember the suffocating despair and cold dread of LO49. The sinister powers of the Transcendent Terror that had consumed the station were eerily similar to what Cassie was now capable of. There were differences, of course, but the resemblance was there as well.

«Ah. I hate mental attacks.»

From the Forgotten Shore to the desolate expanse of Antarctica, these were the kinds of powers he was wary of the most. There had been creatures who left him broken and bleeding, barely clinging to life, but it were the insidious beings who influenced the mind that had given him the deepest scars. Luckily, Sunny's resistance to mental attacks was now incomparably high.

Still, he wondered what Cassie would be capable of if she went all out and fully unleashed her power. Another scene surfaced in his mind… the scene of the battle in the drowned temple of Fallen Grace, where they had fought against the Defiled Sybil and her enthralled guardians.

Back then, he had seen the Echo of Torment fight against the Drowned… of course, Sunny had not known her true identity, yet. There had been a moment when the Echo raised one of the demons above the shallow water and gazed into its eyes- the abomination's body convulsed, an indescribable sound escaped from its mouth, and its lifeless body was tossed aside like a rag doll.

In that short moment… had the Echo burned all of the demon's memories away, turning the Drowned warrior into a mindless shell of a living being?

Speaking of, where was that Echo now?

That was not the most sinister aspect of Cassie's power, either. Having your memory wiped clean was frightening, true… but having it changed without your knowledge was much more terrifying. Could she enthrall people into becoming her marionettes? Turn loyal soldiers into zealous traitors? Create witnesses to non-existent crimes who sincerely believed in the truthfulness of their testimonies, so that no telepathic Aspect could disprove them?

The loss of one's identity was somehow more frightening than the loss of one's life.

Her Aspect was simply too insidious.

…In hindsight, perhaps the Knights of Valor were lucky to only have their memories manipulated a little.

«I know that there are limits and conditions to her power, but still… she must have hidden it really well, to not be included in the highest tier of Saints.»

Sunny looked around, studying the ruins of true Bastion. It was hard to say because of how damaged and dilapidated the castle was, but it seemed somewhat different from the illusory version. Currently, they were still on the remains of the outer wall. Below it was an ancient scene of devastation, with a few relatively intact sections of the ruin towering above.

At that moment, Cassie spoke in a calm tone:

«The true castle is hidden in the reflection of its illusory counterpart. If one knows how to look, they might glimpse the truth when looking at the lake. The false Bastion is a relatively safe place now that the Knights of Valor have eradicated most abominations around it. The true Bastion, however, is fraught with peril.»

She paused for a moment.

«Whatever you do, do not drink the water from the lake. Do not look at reflections, and if a reflection moves strangely, walk away immediately. Above all else, do not answer if a reflection speaks to you. It will perceive it as an invitation.»

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

«Good thing I am always wary of mirrors thanks to Mordret.»

«Does it have something to do with that guy?»

Cassie understood who he was talking about without having to hear a name. She shook her head lightly,

«No, It is simply the nature of this place. The creatures in the lake are deadly, and so are those in the forest. However, the things that come from reflections are the most dangerous, because they are too strange and we know too little about them. We call them the Others.»

She took a few more steps and continued calmly:

«We must be wary of the Others, but we also must be wary of the King. I can shelter you from the gazes of his servants because their swords are sheathed and slumbering. But if you see a sword that is drawn… hide Immediately. You must possess some ability to hide yourself — otherwise, you wouldn't have been able to traverse the lake.»

Sunny nodded, prompting Cassie to add:

«You did well to come unarmed. Do not summon a sword of your own while you are here, even if it wasn't forged by Valor. Oh… and take this.»

She handed him a smooth pebble without turning around. Sunny took it and noticed a complicated weave of elegant runes carved into its surface. The pebble felt slightly warm to the touch.

Cassie explained:

«This is a token that will allow you to pass most of the defensive enchantments. A counterfeit one… I made it myself. So, don't lose it.»

She took a deep breath and then added, a hint of tension finally finding its way into her voice:

«If you do, the two of us will end up being invited to an audience with the King. One that we will remember for the rest of our lives… our short and painful lives, that is.»

Sunny smiled darkly, remembering the sight of Anvil facing that Great Titan in Antarctica.

He knew that the two of them would meet eventually. But it was too soon to meet the King of Swords, for now.

«Is he really here?»

Before Cassie could answer, a loud sound rolled across the ruins, disturbing the silence of the night. It was deep and melodious, ringing across the dark lake like thunder.

The sound of a hammer falling on an anvil.

**********


                                Chapter 1644: Royal Forge.
--------------------
The ringing of steel was still echoing across the desolate ruin when Sunny shifted slightly and looked in the direction where the sound had come from.

There was a tall tower rising into the broken sky some distance away. Its walls were covered by a net of deep cracks, but the crumbling tower still stood straight and proud, much higher than any other structure in the vast ruin. Outlined against the pale radiance of the shattered moon, its dark shape was like a battered sword thrust into the ground by the hand of a celestial giant.

The tower was dark, but at the very top of it, a fiery glow escaped from the arching windows. It was as if a sea or vermilion flame was burning inside.

That was where the ringing sound had come from.

A moment later, another strike resounded, and then another. They rolled across the restless lake, forceful and methodical, filling the night with the sound of clashing metal. Suddenly, Sunny felt as if he was on a battlefield, and his heart started to beat faster.

He froze for a moment, looking at the dark tower with a somber expression.

«What is that?»

Cassie turned to face the tower, as well. She remained silent for a few moments, then said evenly:

«It's the King. He is forging.»

Sunny couldn't help but frown.

He had just asked about Anvil's whereabouts, and a moment later, the King of Sword announced his presence. Sunny did not really fear him… but that was not because the steel Sovereign was not worthy of being feared. It was simply because Sunny had developed an unwise tolerance for fear after a decade of being constantly exposed to all kinds of unimaginable horror.

Still, it would be a lie to say that he wasn't apprehensive.

«Spooky bastard.»

He hesitated for a moment, then asked quietly:

«What is he forging?»

Cassie smiled.

«What else? He is forging a sword. The King must have created a million of them already, but he never stops for long. The swords that the Knights of Valor wield are merely some that he discarded… the ones Paladins wield are, as well.»

Then the storm of swords Anvil had commanded in Antarctica were all forged by him, then… probably. Sunny could not really imagine how a human being could have created so many of them.

He sighed.

«And here I was thinking myself an accomplished weaponsmith.»

Cassie tilted her head a little.

«Oh! Right. You create Memories.»

A faint smile appeared on her lips.

«Sorry. With everything else, I almost forgot.»

Sunny studied the pebble she had given him. The weave of runes was elegant and intricate. He could not quite decipher it, because the runes did not inscribe a functional enchantment. Instead, they made the pebble a part of a much larger one without comprehending the entire array, he wouldn't be able to comprehend the runes carved into the small stone.

It was interesting, though. The pebble must have let the defensive array know that Sunny was allowed into the castle. It was warm to the touch. But where did the essence that nourished the pebble come from? He didn't feel it consuming his own, and there was no nexus inside to store some.

«You are a skilled sorceress yourself, it seems.»

Cassie nodded lightly.

«My skill is… sufficient, I guess. I've been taught a little by a man named Noctis, in my Second Nightmare. After that, I learned from the enchanters of Valor and on my own. What about you?»

Sunny lingered for a while, then answered simply:

«I am self-taught.»

His only teachers were the Nightmare Spell and necessity, Neither could take credit for his accomplishments.

She made a turn, heading for a more damaged section of the wall, and said:

«I am curious, though. Creating a Memory is not a question of skill. No matter how good i am at runie sorcery, it's not something I can do. The same goes for enchanters of Valor — they are only capable of forging Memories because of the kind of Aspects the members of the main family and its branches tend to awaken, not because of sorcery. So, Sunny… are you, perchance, a bastard son of King Anvil?»

Sunny stared at her silently for a while, making sure that she was serious.

She was.

«Well, I guess it might look that way. A mysterious man who can create Memories, lives in Bastion, and is somehow a Saint on top of it all…»

Sunny barely prevented himself from exploding with laughter. If he hadn't covered his mouth with both hands, sentries all across the wall would have been alerted to their presence.

«Me? Anvil's son? Gods, no… although I must admit, it would have been very funny if there was yet another estranged son of his wandering around the Dream Realm.»

He shook his head.

«No… and before you ask, I'm not a son of Madee, or any other member of their family, either, Do I look like a Legacy to you?»

Cassie was silent for a moment.

«You do not look like anything to me. I'm blind.»

Sunny coughed awkwardly, prompting her to smile:

«…And the last time we met, we were alone. So, I could only borrow your sight, which meant staring at myself for the entire conversation. Well, I won't lie. I did steal a peek through the eyes of the knights we've met today. I was curious to see what the famous owner of the Eye C… of the Brilliant Emporium Cafe looks like.»

She shrugged.

«Actually, you do look like a Legacy. But maybe it's just because of the confidence that comes with being a Saint.»

Sunny shook his head with a crooked smile, not letting her off.

«I'm sure that you observed me carefully, and for a while, before paying a visit to the Brilliant Emporium. And by «observed, I mean «spied on». Thank you for the compliment, in any case.»

This time, it was Cassie's turn to cough.

I'm right on the money.

He enjoyed her slight embarrassment for a few moments, then said neutrally:

«I don't know much about how enchanters of Valor create Memories, but it is probably due to the War God's lineage. After all, she is also the goddess of progress, technology, and craft. Plus, family members are known to awaken Aspects of a similar nature… perhaps due to sharing a similar upbringing and fate. I assure you, my upbringing was quite different from that of a member of Clan Valor.»

Sunny hesitated before adding:

«The way I create Memories is different from theirs.»

Cassie tilted her head a little and asked curiously:

«I've been told that the Memories you make are not very potent, but have the benefit of being perfectly suited for their wielder. You must be hiding the true extent of your abilities to avoid attention, though. How good are you, exactly?»

Sunny briefly glanced at Cassie's delicate neck, noticing a thin string hanging around it. Would she be able to remember if he said that the charm she wore had been made Supreme by him? Probably not.

He smiled.

«I doubt that any person in the world can create a better Memory than me.»

It wasn't an empty boast. Forgemasters of Valor could create potent Memories, but their craft was the result of unique Aspect Abilities and runic sorcery, which was allen to the concept of Memories, Sunny, meanwhile, was a true weaven. The only master of Weaver's sorcery in existence. Therefore, his abilities were broader and infinitely more flexible.

So, really, there was just one entity better than him at creating Memories. The Nightmare Spell. But he wasn't going to compete with that…

He glanced at Cassie and asked:

«Why? Are you going to order a Memory, after all? Let me tell you, Saint Cassia… I'll give you an exclusive discount. Our service is top-notch, and we can handle all kinds of orders. Combat Memories, Utility Memories… even cosmetic Memories are not out of the question! Also… I don't usually do this… but just for you, I'll disclose a big secret. We can even make a custom name and description for your Memory. There's no better memento or one-of-a-kind gift for a loved one…»

Cassie touched her hair nervously, then added in a dubious tone:

«Really? Well… I might indeed commission a custom Memory from you, then…»

**********


                                Chapter 1645:  Found Nothing.
--------------------
Cassie gulded Sunny deeper into the ruins. She showed more caution after descending from the outer wall, to his relief — the young woman remained calm and composed, but he noticed that she chose roundabout paths, keeping to the less populated areas of the ancient castle.

From time to time, ghostly runes ignited on the weathered stones as they passed. The pebble Sunny held in his hands grew a little warmer in those moments.

After a while, Cassie spoke again:

«We are staying in the desolate parts of true Bastion to avoid running into someone powerful. I can handle the Knights without too much problem, but if we meet a Saint, especially one from the direct bloodline… a complication might arise.»

Sunny nodded, strangely relieved. It was nice to have confirmation that Cassie's power was not limitless, even if she was on his side.

The blind seer lingered for a few moments, then asked:

«You only told me that you needed to get inside the castle, Where, exactly, do you want me to lead you?»

He shrugged.

«As close to the main keep as possible, I'll know where I need to go once I get there.»

In fact, Sunny did not know the precise location of what he was looking for. He just knew that there was something hidden here, in Bastion, and that the members of Clan Valor must not have found it yet. Well… maybe they had. But he was willing to bet that they hadn't.

That was because the timeline did not make sense. The Citadel that the founder of Valor had conquered was the illusory Bastion, not the real one. Otherwise, it would not have been conquered at all-no member of the First Generation had been powerful enough to survive in a Death Zone, after all, let alone claim it.

It was only after Broken Sword, Anvil, Ki Song, and Asterion had become Transcendent that this hidden place was disturbed by humans. Even then, Sunny doubted that Valor had truly occupied the true Bastion before the Sovereigns emerged.

Which meant that they had not had a lot of time to explore the vast ruin, especially considering how dangerous it was, and how few people had access to it. The best warriors of Valor had also spent more than a decade conquering distant regions of the Dream Realm to expand the King's domain.

Perhaps Anvil and his knights had discovered a few of the more easily accessible secrets of the fallen castle, but Sunny doubted that they would have found them all. Or at least he hoped so.

His hope was based on the fact that there was only one person in the world who possessed a daemon's lineage, and that person was him.

So, Sunny cautiously extended his senses outward, communicating with the ancient shadows populating the ruin. He could feel the dark hollows hiding under the rubble. Some of them were simply the result of stone blocks falling on each other, some were halls and chambers that had been buried and forgotten in the devastation.

However, none of them were what he was looking for.

Cassie led him deeper into the ruin, choosing the most deserted paths. Neither of them needed a source light to walk, so their passage was quiet and unseen, illuminated only by the pale radiance of the shattered moon. They walked across crumbling parapets and half-buried pathways, the ancient stones hanging dangerously above their heads.

Anvil's hammer continued to ring, steady and powerful, like the beating of an emotionless steel heart.

Sunny glanced at Cassie and said in a neutral tone:

«It must be… a real chore to sleep here.»

She seemed surprised.

«Who would be insane enough to sleep in a place like this?»

Then, the young woman hesitated for a few moments and added with a sigh:

«It is forbidden, actually, This land used to belong to the Demon of Imagination, Here, what you dream about might very well become reality… the last time a knight dozed off on the wall, we fost four Masters to his nightmare.»

Sunny fell silent with an appalled expression on his face. That was a little bit too much.

«A Death Zone is a Death Zone, I guess!»

If Nightmare wasn't busy performing an important task in Godgrave, he would have summoned him immediately.

As they drew closer to the inner area of the ruined castle, Sunny sent his shadow sense down, into the mass of the drowned mountain below. He was cautious, limiting its reach to a narrow… beam, of sorts. Something like that had not been possible before, but after becoming a Saint, he learned how to control his senses better.

The mass of stone beneath his feet seemed solid enough. Sunny followed Cassie while concentrating on the ancient ruins — he even closed his eyes to feel the surroundings better.

However… he felt nothing.

The longer they spent among the ruins, the less of anything he felt.

«I'm sure there is something!»

If it had been before, Sunny would have probably been drawn to a fateful location by his intuition, or simply stumbled upon it due to being Fated. But now, he was the opposite of that, and his intuition remained silent.

Cassie did not show it, but she must have grown uneasy about their aimless wandering by now. Indeed, he would seem like a complete lunatic if his search did not produce a result. Who Infiltrates the secret stronghold of a Sovereign… for nothing?

Nothing, nothing…

Sunny smiled.

«Found it.»

There was absolutely nothing below them. But that was exactly what gave away the hidden sanctum — even if the mountain was made from solid stone, there would be cracks and crevasses inside it. And those would be populated by ancient shadows.

With how potent Sunny's shadow sense was, he would have felt their presence.

But he felt nothing, which meant that something was blocking his senses.

Deep, deep below…

Sunny opened his eyes and took a deep breath. Noticing that he had stopped, Cassie halted and turned to face him.

Her eyes were blue and clear, devoid of any abnormality. He still chose to look away.

«What is the matter?»

Sunny smiled subtly and shrugged.

«I found what I was looking for.»

She tilted her head a little.

«…What now, then?»

He hesitated for a bit, then sighed.

«Now… please excuse me for a moment, Saint Cassia.»

Taking a step forward, he placed his hands on her delicate shoulders.

And then, he pulled her into the shadows, teleporting both of them into the depth of the mountain.

**********


                                Chapter 1646: Dungeons & Daemons.
--------------------
A moment later, the two of them were far below ground, with countless tons of stone hanging above their heads. If Sunny was not mistaken, the hidden sanctum he had found was most of the way to the bottom of the lake, at the very heart of the mountains.

In the past, Sunny had not been able to carry living beings with him when stepping through the shadows with the sole exception of Nephis. It was different now that he was a Saint, though. He could pull much heavier inanimate objects with him, as well as actual people. The latter were very cumbersome, though, consuming a lot of his essence.

Especially those whose souls were vast and powerful. Teleporting Cassie with him, and to such a remote place, had drained a good portion of his reserves.

Sunny sighed inwardly and tried to take a deep breath.

There was nothing to inhale, though.

A strangely calm voice resounded in his head, startling him:

[There is no air here.]

It was Cassie's voice,

But why was she so calm?

Sunny glanced at the blind seer with a hint of confusion, then shrugged and summoned the Quintessence Pearl. A few seconds later, a beautiful white pearl appeared in his hand. This time, Sunny did not place it in his mouth, keeping It between himself and Cassie. Soon, the two of them were able to breathe again.

«Please stay close, Saint Cassia.»

Saints could keep their breath for much longer than mundane people, so neither of them had felt any discomfort in these few moments. Still, he had expected that Cassie would be at least a little startled.

But then again… why would she be? Cassie did not receive visions of the future anymore, but her Awakened Ability was functioning perfectly fine. She must have known that Sunny would use Shadow Step a few seconds before he had, and saw him summoning the Quintessence Pearl before he ever did.

Cassie usually acted in a way that made people forget about this Ability of hers, but if one stopped to think about it, she had every conversation and witnessed every event twice. For as long as her Awakened Ability was active, it was all but impossible to surprise her. And she would have definitely kept it active while sneaking a suspicious Saint into a Sovereign's stronghold.

Her Ascended Ability, meanwhile, seemed to have undergone a change, Unless she was using a Memory to communicate with him telepathically, it was that Ability of hers that allowed her to talk to people she had marked.

Sunny was well-acquainted with this manner of conversation thanks to the Shroud of Dusk, so he wasn't worried about thinking an unwanted thought aloud.

«Huh. Convenient.»

No wonder Nephis had seemed so well-informed about his Shadows when they met in the Nameless Temple.

Cassie, meanwhile, looked like she was having similar thoughts. Facing Sunny, she tilted her head a little and asked:

«A spatial movement Ability?»

He nodded.

«Well, yes. Something like that.»

She contemplated for a few moments, then said casually:

«Huh. Convenient.»

Sunny blinked.

With that out of the way, he could finally look around — his shadow sense was rendered useless, so he could only rely on his sight now.

The space where the two of them had found themselves was not very large, and submerged in total darkness. Luckily, it was a mundane kind of darkness, which did not pose an obstacle for him.

They were in a small chamber. It was clearly artificial, as opposed to naturally formed. The walls were smooth and polished, with no seams on their stone surface. The ceiling was high. There was nothing in the stone chamber — no furniture, no spiderwebs, no runic circles carved into the floor. There was only a tall door, which seemed to have been carved from a single piece of dark wood.

Nevertheless, Sunny felt the same kind of discomfort he had felt once in the Ebony Tower when looking at it. The door seemed quite mundane, but it was also ever so slightly wrong. The handle was placed a bit too high, its shape was a bit off, the hinges were spaced strangely. It was as though it had been made for a being that resembled a human, but was not quite human.

A daemon, perhaps.

Cassie remained motionless, but he knew that she was studying the stone chamber through his eyes.

A few moments later, she spoke:

«I know that it might be strange to only ask now. But, Sunny… what exactly are you trying to find here? And where is here, exactly?»

He smiled subtly.

«We are far below the castle, at the heart of the mountain. In a place that the Demon of Imagination must have left behind. As for what I am searching for, it's simple…»

He took a careful step toward the door.

«It's power!»

Cassie seemed surprised.

«Power?»

Sunny nodded.

«Haven't you heard, Saint Cassia? Knowledge is the origin of power. At least that was what the Demon of Fate thought, and I'm inclined to agree. Ah… but it is also the heaviest thing in the world. So not everyone is strong enough to hold it.»

She turned her head sharply, but Sunny simply continued in a carefree tone:

«So, what I am trying to find here is lost knowledge… and, if I am lucky, something just as forbidden.»

With that, Sunny grabbed the handle, turned it, and pushed the door open. Or, at least, he tried to.

The door didn't budge.

Scowling slightly, Sunny put more strength into it. He had a lot of strength as a Transcendent Terror and yet, the door didn't move.

«Is it locked? But there is no lock. Have the hinges rusted through? No, wait…»

«You should try pulling.»

Sunny coughed awkwardly, then pulled instead of pushing.

The door opened easily, and the hinges produced no noise,

«…I was just going to, Yeah.»

Cassie did not say anything and walked over, stopping just behind him. Sunny tensed slightly.

«Why is she standing so close? Oh, right… I told her to, because of the Quintessence Pearl…»

«So, what kind of knowledge do you hope to find?»

He walked out of the stone chamber and stopped, studying the long corridor beyond.

«Oh, you know… nothing too unexpected. Why did the Doom War start? How did it end? Who won? How did the gods die? How did the daemons die? Where are their corpses?»

Sunny took a deep breath and added nonchalantly:

«Why was the Nightmare Spell created? What is its purpose? What happened to its creator? Simple stuff like that…»

Of course, there was another goal Sunny was pursuing, and another thing he wanted to find.

The remaining parts of Weaver's forbidden lineage… he wanted them. He wasn't satisfied with only having an incomplete collection of fragments.

Not anymore, at least.

**********


                                Chapter 1647: Infinity Mirror
--------------------
'Now, this... is going to be a problem.’

Standing on the threshold, Sunny studied the long corridor. It stretched in both directions as far as he could see, bending slightly. The stone floor was smooth and even, while the tall ceiling was illuminated by a scattering of softly glowing gemstones. The turquoise gems were embedded into it, dimly drowning the corridor in pale light.

The problem was with the walls.

Both of them were perfectly smooth and seamless, as if the corridor had been formed inside the mountain by some unknown means instead of being constructed. Much worse, their glossy surface was reflective... the walls of the corridor were like two endless mirrors.

Remembering what Cassie had said, Sunny frowned.

The blind seer inhaled deeply behind him.

"Oh, my."

Her voice was somber.

Sunny hesitated for a few moments, then asked neutrally:

"Left or right?"

Cassie answered with a hint of confusion:

"Why are you asking me?"

He scratched the back of his head and shrugged.

"Why not? My luck is pretty much non-existent. So, I'll trust your intuition."

She tilted her head a little.

"Really? Because my intuition tells me to get out of here as soon as possible."

"Yeah, I should have expected that answer...

Sunny closed his eyes for a second, then cleared his throat.

"...On second thought, why don't we just go left?"

The moment the two of them stepped into the corridor, their reflections appeared on the polished walls. Since the two endless mirrors were positioned directly opposite each other, the reflections stretched into infinity, forming countless mirrored corridors. When Sunny took a step, a legion of his reflections took a step. When Cassie followed, a legion of her reflections followed, too.

They were surrounded by a myriad of identical copies of themselves, marching in step with them on both sides.

Suddenly, he felt very uneasy.

"...You said not to answer if a reflection speaks to me, right?"

Cassie nodded, and a myriad of her reflections nodded at him at the same time.

Sunny's reflections were pale and somber, Cassie's reflections were beautiful and moved with elegant grace.

"It's better not to look at them at all. See no evil... and all that."

He grimaced.

‘And my shadow sense just happens to be gone. What a convenient coincidence.’

Frowning, he lowered his head and looked at the floor. As Sunny walked forward, he concentrated on his feet. Nevertheless, he could still glimpse the reflections at the periphery of his vision, all walking forward while looking down.

Only... did he imagine it, or was one of the countless reflections completely still and staring directly at him, Instead?

Sunny had to use all of his willpower to keep looking down instead of turning to confirm it. A moment later, there was nothing out of the ordinary in his peripheral vision once again.

[How powerful are these Others, exactly?]

He spoke in his mind instead of aloud, believing that Cassie would hear him. Indeed, her response came a few moments later:

[Nobody knows. From the reports I've seen, they are sometimes as powerful as the person they reflect. Sometimes, they are strangely brittle... but don't rely on my information too much. It's misleading. Because reports are only left by those who survived. As for those who didn't, there is no way to tell what they faced.]

Sunny frowned.

Cassie lingered for a bit, then added:

[What makes them so dangerous is not their power, but rather their strangeness. We don't know what they are, where they come from, what motivates them, how they think... or if they think at all. When you fight a human or a Nightmare Creature, you can usually predict what will happen, even if only in broad strokes. Because you know what drives your enemy. It's different with the Others.]

He nodded quietly.

What people feared the most was the unknown. And what was not known posed the most danger.

[But if the reflections do come to life, we should be fine as long as we don't look to them and don't speak to them. Right?]

Cassie remained silent longer this time.

[I don't know.]

Sunny grimaced.

All around him, a myriad of reflections grimaced as well.

'How long is this damned corridor?'

They had been walking for a while already. However, there was no sign of other doors, and no end in sight. The mirror tunnel was empty and silent, the dark, dim light of turquoise gemstones washing it in ghostly light.

The only sound that broke the silence was the soft rustle of Cassie's clothes. Sunny's steps, meanwhile, were completely noiseless

But then...

Another sound broke the silence, making him stop in his tracks.

It was the quiet, but unmistakable sound of a glass surface cracking.

Sunny froze for a moment.

‘...To hell with this.’

Turning around, he grabbed Cassie and immediately used Shadow Step to teleport back in the direction they had come. Without shadow sense, he could only jump as far as he could see after a swift series of consecutive jumps, Sunny returned them to the small stone chamber and shut the door, then slumped tiredly on the floor.

"Damn. I hate mirrors so much..."

Come to think of it, there had to be some connection between the reason he tended to avoid mirrors and this place. Mordret must have visited Bastion before being handed to Asterion... had he perhaps encountered something strange here? Or maybe his mother?

Cassie quietly straightened her clothes and sat down, as well. Neither of them were physically tired, but being on edge for extended periods of time inevitably led to mental fatigue,

She was silent for a while, then asked:

"So, what now, Sunny? Are we turning back?"

He glanced at her darkly and remained motionless for a moment.

Then, he shook his head.

"No."

With that, Sunny raised his free hand and summoned another Memory.

A few moments later, a small lantern carved out of black stone appeared on his palm. Cassie turned her head and concentrated on it, a slight frown appearing on her face.

"A lantern?"

He nodded.

"Indeed. However, it is a very special one. This lantern does not produce light. Instead, it swallows it."

What was a reflection? It was light that had been cast back. Therefore, much like shadows, reflections could not exist without light.

Gritting his teeth, Sunny stood up and opened the door of the stone chamber again. At the same time, he opened the gate of the Shadow Lantern.

A moment later, a torrent of shadows surged into the mirror corridor, flooding it with impenetrable darkness,

**********


                                Chapter 1648: Lost in Reflection
--------------------
A torrent of shadows flowed into the corridor, submerging it in total darkness. The light of the glowing gemstones was swallowed and disappeared without trace, turning them bleak and lifeless.

Sunny had summoned a swarm of vast and ancient shadows to do the job. These old shadows were unfathomable - it would have taken an equally potent source of light to dispel them. The gemstones had been created from the mind of the Demon of Imagination, true... perhaps they would have chased away the darkness if the shadows were alone.

But they were in the presence of their Lord, and that alone made them much more tyrannical.

A few moments later, a long stretch of the corridor had turned completely lightless. The infinity mirror of its walls was now dull and empty. Nothing reflected on their dim surface, and no reflection haunted the hidden sanctum.

Sunny let out a quiet sigh.

'Who knew that I would use this trick today?’

What he had done was not pure improvisation. Instead, it was one of the methods he had contemplated when thinking about how to deal with Mordret,

Cassle seemed impressed.

"These shadows... obey you?"

Sunny shrugged.

"If I treat them nicely."

Wild shadows were like that. Most were devoted to Sunny, but some were obstinate and willful. The former would obey him out of affection or reverence, but the latter needed to be coaxed and enticed.

"Let's go."

The two of them returned to the corridor. It seemed much smaller without the countless reflections stretching endlessly into the ghostly distance. Claustrophobic, even - still, Sunny felt much more at ease now than he had before.

Cassie suddenly spoke, drawing his attention:

"Are we going left again?"

Sunny smiled.

"That is a good question!

"No... let's try right this time."

They turned right and started walking at a measured pace. The shadows moved with them, keeping the corridor dark both ahead and behind. Just like that, Sunny and Cassie advanced forward for a while,

Then, they encountered an intersection. A similar corridor crossed the one they had been traversing, and so, Sunny had another choice to make.

He frowned slightly and decided to turn right again. The second corridor had a slight bend to it, as well, so it was Impossible to see far ahead... some time later, there was another intersection.

And then another, and another.

Some Intersections formed four paths, some only three... there were even bizarre ones that had six, seven, or eight turns. There were dead ends, as well, and corridors that led to one of the crossroads Sunny and Cassie had already passed. The corridors themselves weren't straight, either, bending and twisting at unexpected angles.

It was a mirror labyrinth.

After a while, Sunny sighed and stopped, covering his face with a palm.

In front of them was an open door leading to a small stone chamber. The same chamber they had left behind.

"Have you noticed it?"

Cassie's voice was calm.

He lingered for a while, then nodded.

"Yeah. Damn it."

Sunny had been counting his steps this whole time. It was hard to keep track because of how convoluted the maze of mirrors was, but he was certain of it they had walked more in each direction than the width of the mountain was.

Which meant that the labyrinth was not beholden to the size of the mountain. It could be endless, for all Sunny knew.

Shaking his head, he leaned on the wall and summoned the Endless Spring. Drinking deeply from the beautiful glass bottle, he then handed it to Cassle.

The young woman took the Memory and frowned for a moment. Then, forgetting the meaning that it held, she brought it to her lips and then returned it to Sunny.

"We can try again."

He hesitated for a bit, then slowly shook his head.

"No. We've been here for too long already. There is still some time before sunrise, but I won't be able to solve this maze quickly. This... is going to be a long project."

Cassie raised an eyebrow.

"We have only agreed that I will bring you inside the castle once."

Sunny smiled.

"Yes. And I have only promised to show you one of my memories. Surely, you want to see more... and I want to explore this place more. It works out perfectly, does it not? We can meet once a month, during the full moon. This way, both of us will slowly gain the knowledge we desire."

She hesitated.

"I don't know how long I'll remain in Bastion, though. Maybe there is something else you want?"

His smile turned a little darker.

"There are many things I want, Saint Cassia. But this is the deal I am offering."

Cassie frowned, remained silent for a few moments, then nodded.

"Fine. I will guide you inside the castle once again, next month. In exchange for another memory."

Sunny dismissed the Endless Spring and suppressed a chuckle.

"Why did she put on a show if we both knew that she would agree?"

"It's a date, then."

He froze for a moment, then added hurriedly:

"No, wait. It's not a date. I misspoke. It's a... well... an arrangement. You know what I mean."

Cassie observed him with a hint of amusement, then shrugged.

"As you wish. Now... I think it's time for me to receive my payment."

Sunny sighed. He had not been looking forward to this part...

"Fine. We have a bit of time left, so let's do it here."

As long as he returned to the lake before sunrise, there was no safer place in Bastion than this labyrinth, Here, they were hidden from the King's gaze, and no one would disturb them.

'I still hate it!

Sunny led Cassie into the stone chamber, called the shadows back into the lantern, and closed the door

Then, he sat on the floor, cross-legged. Cassie sat down in front of him and calmly looked him in the eyes, her back perfectly straight.

"One memory. Of your choosing."

Sunny nodded slowly.

She took a deep breath.

"Then think about what you want me to see."

He did.

The bitter cold. The dim twilight. The cracking of ice as he broke through it and climbed onto the desolate shore... the dark storm of seething emotions raging in his hollow heart...

Cassie's beautiful blue eyes suddenly glistened, pulling him into their depths, changing...

And in the next moment, Sunny gasped.

**********


                                Chapter 1649: Memory of Ice.
--------------------
A cold ocean washed the shore of a desolate land, its waves frozen and unmoving. The empty sky seemed dim and uncaring, the sun hidden behind a somber veil. The land itself was silent and forlorn, its lifeless expanse buried in snow.

Not far from the shore, the layer of ice shackling of the ocean suddenly fractured and exploded, revealing the restless surface of the dark water. A pale hand rose above the edge and dug into the ice with crushing force. A moment later, a gaunt young man climbed from the cold water, stepping on the frozen waves with a chilling expression on his sunken, alabaster face.

His appearance was both tantalizing and frightening. The young man only wore the tattered remains of a military bodysuit, which was mostly gone. His fair skin was as white as snow, marred by countless gruesome, but eerily bloodless wounds. His eyes, on the contrary, were as dark as the depths of a lightless abyss. The black silk of his wet hair moved slightly in the frigid wind.

He looked like the wretched corpse of a drowned deity that had crawled out of a frozen hell.

His slender torso was mostly bare, revealing an intricate tattoo of a coiling serpent that covered most of his arms, chest, and back. The dark serpent was so lifelike that it almost seemed like its onyx scales were moving under the young man's skin.

Sunny remained motionless for a while, looking at the desolate landscape in front of him. Then, he took a step forward.

Finally, after so much time had passed, he was back at the Antarctic Center.

He had returned to Falcon Scott.

When he took the second step, his gruesomely torn skin was already healing. When he took the third, the intricate plates of a battered onyx armor covered his mangled body, shielding it from the cold and wind.

«It looks the same.»

After the Third Nightmare, when all was said and done, Sunny had returned to the Northern Quadrant among the refugees. He spent some time there, taking care of unfinished business — not that there was a lot for him to do after being erased from the world. Meeting Rain was the very last thing he did. Then, untethered from everything and everyone, he set his sights back on Antarctica.

Crossing the ocean alone had not been easy. Turning into the Onyx Serpent, Sunny dove into the lightless depths, where the darkness nurtured his soul and was rich in spirit essence. Sadly, even empowered by Soul Weave, he could not maintain such an enormous Shell constantly.

But, luckily, there was no shortage of unimaginable horrors populating the oceans of the waking world.

Sunny used the [Serpentine Steel] Ability of the Soul Serpent to augment his fangs, and fought the harrowing depth dwellers to replenish his essence through its [Soul Reaver] Ability, which allowed Serpent to absorb and transfer a portion of soul essence of all beings slain by it in the Soul Weapon or the Soul Beast forms.

Staying in the Shell for such a long time was potentially dangerous now that Sunny did not possess a True Name, but the Onyx Serpent form was one of the few that he could assume without the risk of losing himself — perhaps it was because he knew it so well, or perhaps it was because he shared a kinship with serpentine creatures as an inheritor of Shadow God.

It had taken Sunny weeks to reach Antarctica. And those weeks… had been a cold and dreadful nightmare. Out there in the dark depths of the ocean, he had faced horrors so hideous and dire that no words were enough to describe them. He killed some, and escaped from others. His body had been torn and broken, but in the end, he survived.

The very idea of crossing the ocean alone had seemed preposterous before, but now that Sunny was a Transcendent Terror, he somehow made it a reality.

The cold darkness currently reigning over his soul was much more terrible than the ocean, anyway, Now that Sunny had left everything behind… his mental state was far from ideal. The pain and anguish had turned into dark anger, and the anger was seething and boiling, refusing to be contained or controlled.

In this world, there was no place for Sunny anymore, and nothing left for him to do.

Except to pay his debts.

And the first score he needed to settle was with the Winter Beast.

…Walking across the frozen waves, Sunny reached the shore of the Antarctic Center and looked around without expression. His eyes were like two pools of darkness, full of cold, ruthless killing intent and murderous resentment.

Some distance away, the port fortress of Falcon Scott lay in ruins, half-buried in snow. The city itself was frozen above it, standing silently on the tall cliffs. The buildings were encased in ice, and so were the remains of the millions of people that had been killed by the Winter Beast just before the end of the long, dreadful night.

Sunny stared at the cliffs for some time, then turned his gaze away. He wasn't quite ready to enter the city yet.

He spent several hours roaming the shore aimlessly, as if looking for something. The frigid cold was absolutely lethal, but Sunny paid it no attention. His shadow sense spread far and wide, enveloping a vast area of the desolate land.

«Where is it… where is it…»

In the end, he stopped and stared at the ground silently, Finally, there was a hint of emotion on his face. Sunny raised a trembling hand and covered his eyes, a brittle smile twisting his lips.

He couldn't find it. The grave where he had buried his soldiers… he had not been quite in right mind back then, and the terrain had been changed a lot by the snow and Ice. So, he simply did not know where the resting place of Belle, Dorn, and Samara was anymore.

«Ah… damn it…»

A stifled sound escaped from his mouth, and then, Sunny angrily struck the rusted remains of a broken MWP that lay nearby, covered with snow.

There was a thunderous boom, and the massive machine exploded. Jagged pieces of alloy shot into the distance like deadly shrapnel, while its torso was sent flying. It collided against the cliffs a hundred or so meters away, causing an entire section of the cliffside to fracture and collapse in an avalanche of shattered rocks.

Unfazed, Sunny raised his head to the sky and let out a distorted scream, then looked down, his eyes boiling with dark fury.

«Kill it… I will rip that thing apart…»

Gritting his teeth, he breathed in the cold air of Antarctica and headed for the ruins of the city.

**********


                                Chapter 1650: Frozen City.
--------------------
Sunny did not know what he expected to see in Falcon Scott. He didn't even know why he felt compelled to enter it… and yet, he did enter it, walking along the silent streets with a distant expression on his pale face. He came here precisely because he didn't want to, reluctant see the monument to his failure. He owed to himself, and to those people whom he had failed to protect, to witness their final resting place in all its horrid glory.

Perhaps it was simply because now that no one remembered him, Sunny wanted to at least remember himself. Even the things he would have wanted to forget.

The city was pretty much exactly like he had imagined.

It was a frozen graveyard. The fatal cold of the Winter Beast's blizzard had killed everyone in what seemed like mere moments. The corpses were hidden inside the buildings or buried under snow, so the city seemed utterly empty.

They had not suffered, at least…

Some buildings had collapsed in the past months under the weight of the ice. Others stood like colossal gravestones… or frigid mausoleums, maybe, for those who had perished inside. Strangely enough, no Nightmare Creatures seemed to have entered the city to feast on the corpses. It was as though the Winter Beast had marked this place as its territory.

Sunny passed a few familiar structures… the barracks where the Irregulars had been stationed, the government compound, the dormitory tower where Beth and Professor Obel had lived. His mind was flooded with memories, which only made his mental state deteriorate further.

It was a strange thing, to be alone.

Now that Sunny was alone, erased from existence, he felt no compulsion to control his emotions or maintain the illusion of normalcy. There was no one to witness him fall apart, anyway, and nobody to get the wrong impression of him. There were no tethers connecting him to the world, yes… but, as it turned out, those same tethers had been like supports that held his mind together.

He must have looked quite disturbing from the side.

Only now that Sunny was truly and utterly alone did he realize how much of his habits and behavior had been dictated by the need to blend in with his environment… with human society. Now, he didn't have to bother with maintaining acceptable expressions, keeping improper feelings from his gaze, and saying the right words.

Or saying anything at all, really.

«Maybe I should do all these things, anyway.»

He suspected that giving in to this utter freedom would make him slip into some sort of derangement eventually, but couldn't bother to care.

Finally, he reached the crumbled remains of the city wall and spent some time gazing at the snowy field beyond.

Climbing over the wreckage, Sunny jumped down, turned his body light enough to walk on the snow, and left the ghost of Falcon Scott behind.

This was probably the last time he would ever see It. But that… was fine.

It was for the best, really.

Some time later, he reached the place where the last soldiers of the First Evacuation Army had died, killed by the deathly cold of the unnatural snowstorm. Their frozen figures were still there, those closest laying on the ground, those who had endured longer frozen like ice sculptures.

His motionless face seemed frozen, too.

He spent a while among them, looking at the horizon. The Winter Beast had retreated into the heart of the landmass, but the signs of its passage remained. Today, Antarctica looked much more like it had once, frigid and encased in ice. It was darkly fitting.

Sunny was still consumed by his thoughts when something moved under the snow, and a hideous creature lunged at him from below. He did not move, but shadows around him stirred and shot forward with incredible speed, catching the abomination in the air.

A moment later, It was gruesomely torn apart, a rain of hot blood falling on Sunny like crimson dew.

His expression didn't change, but his eyes gleamed darkly.

«Strange!»

It was still strange, to kill a Nightmare Creature and not here the familiar voice of the Spell announce its Rank, Class, and name.

The snow all around him moved and exploded, dozens of grotesque bodies rushing to rip him to shreds. There was a whole swarm of abominations here… Sunny finally moved, a sinister smile contorting his face.

He was so fast that it almost seemed as if he simply disappeared in one place and appeared in the other. There was no weapon in his hand, and no need for one, either. The gauntlets of the Onyx Mantle were more than enough.

Falling into the savage battle style of the Barrow Wraiths, Sunny crushed the skull of one of the abominations with his bare fist. A split second later, he was near another, piercing its chest with his hand and crushing its heart. In a blink of an eye, he was already somewhere else, brutally tearing a monster's jaws apart.

Sunny fought ruthlessly and methodically, destroying the Nightmare Creatures in the most swift and brutal fashion… no, it couldn't even be called a fight. He wasn't a fighter right now — he was a butcher, or a ruthless executioner at best.

It took him no more than twelve seconds to obliterate the entire swarm. By the time he was done, the blood covering his onyx armor had already turned to ice.

The Nightmare Creatures were dead… but not all of them.

He had left one alive.

Now, the massive beast was writhing on the snow, struggling to burrow into it as shadows held it in place. There was no escape from Sunny, but the abomination was still desperately trying to run away.

Turning his head, Sunny studied the ugly creature and then took a step toward it.

«Where are you going? Who allowed you to leave?»

Approaching the abomination, he crouched beside it and stared into its frenzied eyes with a smile.

The creature's terrifying maw was less than a meter away from his face, but Sunny didn't care.

«You chose a wrong day to exist, wretch. Ah, but it's for the best. It's exactly what I need!»

He outstretched one hand, sensing the Soul Serpent slither forth. Soon, a torrent of darkness flowed from his fingers onto the snow, forming into a massive Shadow.

That Shadow was not a great serpent, however. Instead, it took the form of a towering creature that had two stumpy legs, an emaciated, hunched torso and disproportionately long, multi-jointed hands two of them, each ending with a set of horrifying bone claws, and another two, these ones shorter, ending with almost human-like fingers.

Its body was covered in ragged inky-black fur, and there were five glossy black eyes on its head. Beneath them, a terrible maw crowding with razor-sharp teeth was half-open, as though in anticipation. Viscous drool was running down the creature's chin and dripping into the snow.

The most unnerving part, though, were the strange shapes endlessly moving, worm-like, under the creature's skin.

It was the Mountain King. Or rather, a version of the Mountain King that looked as if it had been dipped into a pool of liquid darkness.

Sunny's cold smile widened a little, his dark eyes gleaming with sinister will.

«Go on. This one will be the first.»

Serpent took a heavy step forward and grabbed the struggling abomination with its powerful hand. Then, one of the worm-like larvae moving under his skin crawled from under his claws and burrowed into the monster's flesh.

The Nightmare Creature froze for a moment, and then let out a chilling wail.

A moment later, its body contorted in a terrible convulsion.

Sunny grinned darkly.

«…But not the last, No, not at all.»

**********

