Shadow Slave - PART 184
Chapters 1831 to 1840
==============================


                                Chapter 1831 Abstract Concept
--------------------
Dressed in a comfortable night—gown, Rain was sitting on a bed. The bed was wide and soft. The sheets were immaculately clean and crisp... a far cry from the cold cradle of mud she had been sleeping on for many days.

It was also much nicer than her own bed in Ravenheart, so... she had nothing to complain about The room itself was spacious, but austere. The Citadel of Clan Sorrow was cut into the cliffside, so the walls surrounding her were that of rough stone. The furniture, however, was quite elegant and beautifully made.

There was a single arched window in the room, opening to the pale lilac expanse of the evening sky. The roaring of the Weeping Goddess seemed quiet here, somehow, but also constant, like a persistent hum.

The air was fresh and smelled of water.

The peaceful, but uniquely austere mood of the somber Citadel helped Rain imagine easily where Tamar's overly serious demeanor had come from.

She sighed.

Things had happened fast after the two of them reached the Lake of Tears. First, Rain and Tamar were brought to the city built on its shore — it was much smaller than Ravenheart, but still lively. The architecture style was distinctly different, as well, favoring flat roofs that served as gardens — as opposed to the capital, where most roofs were slanted and covered by tiles to avoid snow and ash accumulating on them.

They did not spend much time in the city, though.

The Saint of Sorrow was currently away, but Tamar's mother was there. After receiving news of her daughter showing up severely wounded, she immediately sent retainers to retrieve her.

Rain and Tamar were taken to the Citadel, which was cut directly into the vertical side of the great waterfall and oversaw the city from high above.

Tamar was treated by an Ascended healer. Rain, meanwhile, was welcomed as a guest of Clan Sorrow.

She met the matriarch of the clan, as well as a few elders. Everyone had treated her graciously — from the Awakened retainers and mundane citizens to the members of the direct family.

Tamar had briefly shared the story of how the two of them had ended up in such a sorry state, including the fake version of Rain's Awakening.

Everything seemed fine.

And yet, Rain was in a heavy mood.

That was because she had heard a lot, and inferred even more, from the conversations with the locals.

The war... seemed imminent.

Some of the people she had talked to were aware of it, while some were not. Nevertheless, everyone was alarmed and uneasy, as if there was invisible tension permeating the air.

Many things had happened after the survey team left the construction camp and lost contact with the rest of humanity.

The conflict between the two Great Clans had grown much more dire. Valor continued to demand that Silent Stalker and Master Dar of Maharana Clan were handed over, and Song continued to refuse. There were all kinds of unrest on the streets of Bastion and Ravenheart... NQSC, even.

There had been protests and violent clashes between the followers of the opposing Domains. A large crowd was chanting threateningly in front of Clan Song's compound in the waking world.

Someone had tossed makeshift incendiaries at the fortress walls surrounding the location of the King‘s Dream Gate in the Northern Quadrant. A few young Legacies had already fought openly, devastating a public venue. They were arrested by the agents of the government, but the government itself was behaving strangely, as if frozen by fear, indecision, and internal conflict.

And those were only the outward signs.

The more dire omen was how deserted the Citadel of Clan Sorrow seemed. There were Awakened warriors, but too few of them. There were members of the direct family, but only the less powerful ones.

Which told Rain one thing.

The Queen was secretly mobilizing her forces.

The road Rain had helped build was almost complete, and soon, legions of the Song Domain would march on it, heading to Godgrave.

The war, which was an abstract concept before, was almost palpable now.

It was much sooner than she had expected.

And so, Rain was sitting quietly on the bed, watching as the sky turned dark beyond the window.

Finally, when all sunlight was gone and deep shadows devoured the room, a familiar presence emerged from them.

Her teacher leaned on a wall and applauded quietly. His smile was as carefree as it had always been.

"Congratulations! You are an Awakened now."

Rain looked at his dark silhouette sternly.

"... Where the hell have you been?"

He gave her a vague shrug.

"Oh, you know. Here and there. Hiding in the shadows, taking a beach vacation, sitting idly on my dark throne. Why? Didn't you do well without me?"

Rain lingered for a few moments, then let out a heavy sigh.

"I wouldn't call it "well", exactly... but, sure.

Actually, I did fine."

He grinned.

"Fine? You are the first human of your world to have Awakened without that pesky thing... what do you call it? Oh, the Nightmare Spell. Great job, Rain! You really made me proud."

She silently extended her hand and opened her palm.

"Give it, then."

He raised an eyebrow... or at least she thought he did, since she couldn't see his face clearly.

"What?"

Rain frowned.

"My Memory! You promised me a Memory after I killed the Huntsman."

Her teacher laughed quietly.

"Right. Don't worry, I will. I'll even throw in one more for that Awakened Tyrant. And a third one as a free bonus, for a return customer."

He hesitated for a moment, and then added more sincerely:

"But really, good job. Awakening, killing the Tyrant... and not leaving that girl to die, too. I'm not sure that I would have done the same as a Sleeper."

Rain looked away, feeling a little embarrassed.

"... Thank you. Anyway, I was never really a Sleeper. That would have been embarrassing — I'm way too old to be one..."

After that, neither of them spoke for a while.

Eventually, Rain asked:

"So, what now?"

**********


                                Chapter 1832 The Other Side
--------------------
Her teacher sighed.

"That is up to you. Now that you have Awakened, we have more options. You are not a prisoner of the Song Domain anymore... so, if you want, I can take you to safety, to wait out this entire mess."

She faced him, not saying anything.

He chuckled.

"What? I have nice places to take my student to as well, you know."

Rain smiled faintly.

"Says the man who has lived in my shadow for four years."

The joke was just like countless others she had told in the past, but today, it did not land. She didn‘t feel it.

Rain shook her head.

"You know I wanted to Awaken because I wanted to be strong. Have I become strong to do nothing, then? Running away and hiding in a safe place sure sounds nice, on the surface. But do you really think that I would want to?"

Her teacher sighed.

"No, not really."

He hesitated.

"So what do you want to do?"

Rain remained silent for a long while.

"Tamar... told me to consult the person who had guided me to Awakening. Before trying to do anything. So, what? Was she right? Will I be silenced if I try to share my knowledge with the world?"

He walked over to the window and looked outside, his silhouette almost indistinguishable from the shadows.

"Well, that kid has some sense. What she tried to tell you was a bit too dramatic and extreme, but fundamentally, she is right. Of course, there are ways to go about it. You won't be able to offer this knowledge to the world freely, but the Sovereigns will not discard it, either. After all, it is another tool they can use. So, as long as you are willing to let them use it as they see fit, and are ready to accept that it will only ever be used sparingly... I can arrange that."

He turned around and smiled.

"Alternatively, you can entrust it to me. Your friend said that this knowledge should not be shared while you are weak and lack backing. However, she is wrong about one thing. You do not lack backing, Rain, since you have me. I might not be capable enough to stand against the Sovereigns... just yet... but I more than capable enough to disseminate information without being caught by them."

Rain frowned.

"What would be the point, though? You might be able to avoid them, but people who receive the knowledge from you won't be. So, the royal clans will just suppress them instead of me. Even if they fail to uproot the knowledge entirely, there will be countless victims. That is not what I want."

Her teacher grinned.

"Smart girl. Well... actually, that is all beside the point. In truth, you don't really need to hide that knowledge for long."

She raised an eyebrow, confused.

"I don't?"

He nodded.

"I'd say... by the end of this war, all your concerns will become moot. Or, well, we'll have bigger problems to solve at the very least. So, keep your secret safe until the war is over. Who knows, the situation might change entirely by then."

His voice grew a little lighter.

"In the meantime, work on becoming a Master.

Maybe find a way to manifest a Flaw and an Aspect. Right, now that you have a soul core, we will have to teach you how to enter your Soul Sea..."

Rain listened to him with a smile.

At some point, she said:

"Teacher."

He paused.

"What?"

Rain remained silent for a moment, then said quietly:

"I am going to participate in the war."

For the first time in a long while, he seemed a little rattled.

"What kind of... have you lost your mind?"

She shook her head slowly.

"No. Actually... I've been thinking about it for a long time."

Rain sighed.

"Tamar said that I am naive, and I know you think that way, too. But I am not. Yes, I tend to assume the best of people, even if some of them don't deserve it. But I am not a fool."

He blinked a couple of times.

"Assuming the best of people who don't deserve it is pretty much the definition of being naive."

She looked at her soft hands, illuminated gently by the moonlight.

"In any case, the Sword Domain is going to declare war on the Song Domain. If the King of Swords wins... then, an occupation will follow. I can't just sit on the sidelines and watch without doing anything."

He pursed his lips.

"What, do you think that the Queen is any better?

Valor might end up being the ones who initiate the war, but make no mistake. Clan Song wants it just as badly. More than that, what will change if one Sovereign replaces the other? Isn't it all the same for the simple people who live in the Song Domain? Not to mention that you don't belong to that Domain, to begin with. You are from a government family."

Rain looked at him somberly.

"A government family? Sure, I am. But, Teacher... for how much longer will the government exist? Once there is only one royal clan instead of two, do you really think that they will allow an independent power to remain without submitting to their rule? Neutrality will become a myth, by then. And anyone who did not join the right side in the war will be branded as a sinner. That includes government families like mine."

He lingered for a moment.

"I'm not sure about how much longevity the government has left, but you are right. The winner will certainly consolidate their power."

She shook her head.

"And yes, it matters which Sovereign rules the Song Domain. The royal clans might seem the same to you, but do you really think that the King of Swords, who is synonymous with Bastion, will treat Ravenheart the same as his ancestral home? That he won‘t siphon resources from the conquered lands to feed the central regions? More than that... by the end of the war, many people would have died. Citizens of the losing Domain will be occupied by the people who have killed their brothers, sisters, parents, and children on the battlefield. It won't be a peaceful process."

Her teacher sighed.

"Well... you are right. The King of Swords might certainly do something like that. And there will be some tension, and therefore some measures of suppression."

Rain smiled bitterly.

"And lastly, I do believe that both sides want the war. But, teacher... the people I know are in the Song Domain. Tamar and her clan. The porters from the survey team. The road managed who went out of his way to help me make more money while staying safe. The merchants who used to buy the materials I harvested. Our neighbors in Ravenheart, who brought us food when we arrived from NQSC. Young Awakened guards who welcomed me back from the hunts. And so many more. They are all good people. These are the people I know, and they are the ones who will suffer if the Song Domain falls to the army of Clan Valor. So..."

She looked away.

"I can‘t claim any sort of moral superiority by choosing to fight for the Queen, but I can't step back and do nothing, either."

Rain took a deep breath and looked at her teacher resolutely.

"So I‘ll do what I can. Little as it may be."

He stared at her for a long time, not saying anything.

Before, she could see a hint of his expression, but now, his face was entirely shrouded in darkness.

Rain suddenly felt nervous. She had never seriously angered her teacher before... did she do it now?

Eventually, though, he let out a long sigh and said in a grumpy voice:

"... You're not making my job easier, you know that? Bah! What a troublesome student!"

Her teacher shook his head in dejection.

"But... I sort of expected that to happen."

He cursed.

"What can I say... I guess we are joining the army of Clan Song. Why the hell not? One side, two sides, three sides... at this point, what‘s the difference..."

**********


                                Chapter 1833 Honesty is the Best Policy
--------------------
Days before, Sunny had been left alone on a peaceful beach.

He just stood there motionlessly for a while, holding Neph's dress awkwardly and not knowing what to do with it.

Was he supposed to just leave it here? Or return it?

What would that scene even look like? Simply imagining it was a little terrifying.

'Here... your dress. You left it behind the last time.’

His face slowly turned a beautiful shade of pink.

Eventually, Sunny sighed, folded the dress gently, and put it down.

He put his own clothes back on, summoned the Nebulous Mantle, then briefly rinsed the dirty plates in the river and placed it all back into the picnic basket. He placed the blanket there, as well, and finally put the folded dress on top of it.

By then, the velvet sky was illuminated by a scattering of bright stars, and the world was bathed in moonlight.

He pushed the boat into the water and jumped inside. Rowing it upstream was not as effortless as it had been to drift downstream... not to mention that he was all alone now.

His side felt chilly.

Moving the oars and looking at the moon, Sunny let out another sigh.

'Well... it had to be done.'

He considered just using Shadow Step to return to Bastion, but then abandoned that idea. After all, that Aspect Ability belonged to the Lord of Shadows, not to Master Sunless... and although he had told Nephis the truth, these two were entirely different people as far as the rest of the world was concerned.

Sunny wasn't quite sure how much longer Master

Sunless would be able to exist, and what role the humble shopkeeper would play, but he still wanted to remain cautious. It was not time to abandon that persona yet... hopefully, such a time would never come.

Listening to the soothing sounds of the river, he slowly savored the memories of today.

Seeing Nephis descend from the sky like a celestial fairy. Witnessing her easy smile at the docks.

Rowing the boat side by side with her, pressed tightly against each other. Listening to her laugh as she dove into the water.

Sunlight reflecting from the surface of the river as she splashed him, standing near the shore in her tantalizing bathing suit.

And the rest...

'Maybe I could have handled it better? ’

He probably could have, but she had caught him by surprise with her somewhat believable, but entirely mistaken theory of who Master Sunless really was.

Remembering Neph's subtly smug expression, Sunny couldn't help but laugh quietly.

"... Ah what will I do with her..."

In any case, he had got his point across. He confessed his secret identity, made sure to explain that deceiving her had not been his intention, and expressed the sincerity of his feelings.

The rest was up to Nephis.

And speaking of Nephis...

Sunny hesitated for a few moments, and then asked silently:

[Cassie? Are you listening? ]

There was a stretch of silence, and then, her calm voice resounded in his mind.

[I am. ]

Sunny froze, then cleared his throat in embarrassment.

'Come to think of it. I sort of threw Cassie under the bus, didn't? ’

Well... better not mention it! Ever...

Sunny pretended not to remember doing anything of the sort and asked:

[I assume you witnessed everything]

She didn't deny it.

[I did. For what it's worth... I think you did a good job. It was the right decision]

Sunny exhaled slowly.

[I hope it was. But... ]

However, before he could finish the sentence, Cassie suddenly interrupted him — which was a bit strange, since it was not at all like her.

[Oh-l

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

[What's the matter? ]

There was a long stretch of silence, and then Cassie spoke again, her voice sounding a little strange:

[Oh... oh my. ]

Sunny frowned.

[Is something wrong? ]

This time, her response came almost immediately.

[No, of course not. I just... s—sory! Can't speak right now! ]

With that, Cassie's voice grew silent, and she did not respond again.

Sunny continued to row the boat upstream in bewilderment.

After a while, thinking about something, he winced.

'Ah. I hope she survives... ’

***

Far away, on a tranquil heavenly island, an ivory pagoda seemed to shimmer with reflected moonlight. On one of its higher levels, a delicate young woman was sitting behind the desk, tracing her fingers across a parchment. Her lovely face was enchantingly beautiful, and her long hair was like a cascade of pale gold.

At that moment, the young woman turned her head to the white stone of the chamber's outer wall.

Her expression changed slightly.

"Oh."

In the next moment, something crashed into the island with a resounding boom.

Cassie slowly rose from behind her desk.

"Oh... oh my."

Then, she walked out from behind the desk and faced the door.

Her movements were poised and elegant, but also... seemed a little nervous, for some reason?

She frowned slightly.

'I'm... I'm sure it‘ll be fine.'

Sunny's voice resounded in her mind:

[Is something wrong? ]

Cassie hesitated for a moment.

[No. Of course not]

But then...

The door flew open with a bang, and a tall figure appeared on the threshold, clad in an intricate suit of enchanted armor.

Cassie gulped.

"Neph. When did you get ba..."

Nephis was already inside, the door slamming shut behind her.

"Why didn't you tell me? !"

Her face was flushed, and her usually calm eyes were full of scathing intensity.

Cassie lingered for a moment.

"Tell you what?"

Neph was approaching her with wide strides.

Her office, sadly, wasn't that large...

"Don't give me that! I know that you saw everything! E—everything..."

Cassie made her best effort to flutter her eyelashes innocently. Unfortunately, her eyes were hidden behind a blindfold, so it had no effect.

She tilted her head in a flawless imitation of a confused lack of understanding, and said:

"How could I have seen anything? I'm blind..."

Her tone was soft and elegant. To illustrate her argument, she pointed at the blindfold. Instead of answering, Neph lunged at her.

Cassie made her best effort to hold in a frightened squeal and evaded the grab with a graceful step. It wasn't that hard to do, since her Awakened Ability warned her of danger in advance.

Luckily, Nephis was not using her full titanic speed.

Otherwise, Cassie might not have been able to escape even with the forewaming...

"N—now wait a minute, Neph... I can explain!"

”Sure you can! Stop dodging and come here, then. I'll let you explain..."

”... I I'd rather not... “

"Too late!"

Something crashed loudly inside the office.

”No, but when did you get so slippery? ! “

"I'm not slippery! I'm adroit and graceful!"

"Oh yes you are... for now..."

"No, wait!"

There was another loud crash.

"Ah! Stop breaking my furniture!"

"I'll buy you a new desk..."

”That's not the point! ”

"Come here, or I‘ll buy you a new shelf, too..."

... The Fire Keepers, who had gathered on the lower level of the Ivory Tower in frightful silence, looked at each other.

Eventually, one of them said:

"We didn't hear anything. Right?"

Another nodded.

"Of course. In fact, I am currently asleep in my cabin on the Chain Breaker."

"I was never even here. I am actually in the waking world right now."

"I think my Flaw made me deaf."

There were a few moments of silence.

"Let‘s just go... before she decides to buy a new door, too..."

With that, they quietly dispersed.

**********


                                Chapter 1834 As Simple as That
--------------------
Some time later, Cassie's office was a mess. The actual damage wasn't that severe, but there were parchments and sheets of paper scattered everywhere.

The two young women were sitting on the floor, breathing heavily. Cassie's blindfold was a little crooked.

Nephis glared at her for a while, then groaned and hid her face between her knees.

Eventually, her muffled voice resounded in the stone chamber:

"I... I forgot to retrieve my damned dress..."

Hearing that, Cassie livened up a little, as if feeling a chance to redeem herself.

"Oh! Don't worry. He picked it up."

Instead of answering, Nephis slowly raised her hands and silently grabbed her head.

After a few moments of silence, she said:

"When is the war starting? Let‘s go to war, Gas..."

The blind seer smiled.

"Of course. I'll go with you."

She paused for a moment, then added softly:

"But honestly, I don't know why you are reacting so strongly."

Nephis raised her head and looked at the other young woman in astonishment.

"Why? I‘m embarrassed! Embarrassed! I'm so embarrassed that I want to fall through the earth."

Cassie smiled slightly.

"Really? Well... embarrassed is better than angry, I think."

She paused for a moment, then asked cautiously:

"Are you disappointed?"

Nephis remained silent for a while, then sighed and leaned tiredly on the wall.

"No. Yes? Maybe."

She gritted her teeth.

"I am disappointed, but I am also excited. Ah, I don't know..."

She hesitated for a while.

"I liked many things about Master Sunless, and some of those things were how soft and... safe he was. Unlike me, and everything around me. I'm sad that these qualities of him were a deception."

Nephis frowned.

"But then, they weren't, really? The man I've come to know... and like... is not an illusion. It's just that I‘ve only been exposed to a part of him. That part is still real, though... it's so confusing."

Her voice grew a little heated:

"And then there is his other part. The Lord of Shadows. He is someone I... appreciate. Someone whom I might have wondered about — what would it be like, if he stood by my side? That was a nice thought."

She leaned her head on the wall.

"So do I think that I lost something? I did I unexpectedly gain the best of the both worlds? Or is it both? I'm confused."

Then, Nephis hid her face in her knees again and let out another groan.

"But that is not even what matters!"

Cassie, who had been listening to her tirade silently, raised an eyebrow.

There were very few people in the world that Nephis felt comfortable with enough to let herself be so open and frank. In fact, there was probably no one except for Cassie — so, she did not want to interrupt.

But now, she had to.

"It's not? What matters, then?"

Nephis raised her head and glared at her silently.

After a while, she opened her mouth and said:

"It's just... it's just... is not how it was supposed to be!"

Cassie touched her hair awkwardly.

"How was it supposed to be?"

Nephis let out a heavy sigh.

"I just thought... that I will spend some time with Master Sunless and try to enjoy myself. Maybe something would come out of it, and maybe not. In any case, it was supposed to be a timed entanglement. Soon enough... before anything too serious might have happened... I would have left Bastion and gone to war. And then, by the time it was over, a year or several years later, I would have been able to decide what to do then."

She looked at Cassie intently.

"Do you see the problem here, Cas? There is no "then" anymore! Because even if I leave Bastion, he'll still be with me!"

Cassie pretended to study her expression. She wished dearly to be able to see Neph‘s face right now, but she couldn‘t. It was just the two of them in the room, so she could only see herself.

Eventually, Cassie chuckled lightly.

"I see."

She took a deep breath and lingered for a while.

"Actually... I knew that Master Sunless and the Lord of Shadows were the same person for a while now. I trusted that he had no ill intentions toward you, and he asked me to keep his secret until he found an opportunity to tell you himself. That was why I kept quiet. But, honestly... I wanted you to enjoy yourself, as well. I knew that you would go into the Changing Star of the Immortal Flame mode as soon as you learned that he was a powerful Saint. You tend to forget that you are a human, too, Neph. And humans need repose, sometimes."

Cassie paused, the light smile disappearing from her lips.

"There were some other reasons, as well, but there is no point in talking about it. In any case, he promised me that he would tell you before the war, and now, he did. So, that secret is in the open."

Cassie remained silent for a while, and then sighed.

"So, you need to make a decision now."

Nephis looked at her somberly.

Eventually, she asked in a quiet tone:

"But how do I decide what to do? You know that I am... not good with these things. Feelings, bonds, and distractions."

Cassie couldn't help but laugh.

"Yes, I know... the fact that you used the word "distractions" is proof enough. But, actually, it is very simple. I'll help you make the right decision."

Nephis looked at her with subtle hope.

Cassie spoke softly:

"Follow my lead. Close your eyes. Now, imagine meeting Master Sunless tomorrow... and telling him that whatever there is between you two cannot continue, and you are ending it immediately. That you will be nothing but colleagues in the future, fighting side by side as allies. And nothing more."

Nephis followed her advice. Cassie could not see, but she felt her friend's shoulder slump a little.

She smiled.

"How does it feel?"

Nephis remained silent for a while.

Eventually, she said with a hint of reluctance in her voice:

"... Terrible."

Cassie sighed in satisfaction.

"Then, don't do that. Instead, do the opposite.

There, it's as simple as that."

Nephis opened her eyes and looked at the blind seer silently.

Her expression must have been a little startled.

Cassie shrugged with a smile.

"Feelings, bonds, and distractions are not that complicated. Haven't you been studying passions recently? Just follow your passion, and things will work out. Even if they don't, you won't regret making the effort. The only thing you'll regret is never giving it your best."

Nephis blinked a couple of times, staring at her strangely.

Cassie frowned.

"What?"

Her friend shook her head.

"No, nothing. It's just that... how are you so good at this? You've never had a boyfriend, either."

Cassie faced her with an expression of horror.

"What? What do you mean, never had a boyfriend?

I was very popular in school, you know!"

Nephis raised an eyebrow.

"Sure. But did you have a boyfriend?"

Cassie opened her mouth.

"That's beside the point! And, by the way... when are you going to buy me a new desk? !"

Nephis rose to her feet, patted down her armor, and headed for the door.

"No, really! I need a desk!"

Neph paused at the threshold, looked back for a moment, and said before disappearing in a subtly rushed manner:

"I mean, you are in charge of finances. Put a request for a new desk... on my behalf... anyway, see you later. I think I know what to do now."

A moment later, her receding voice resounded from the corridor:

"Good night!"

**********


                                Chapter 1835 Next Morning
--------------------
Sunny reached Bastion in the dead of night. He tied the boat to the pier, climbed ashore, and walked slowly in the direction of the Brilliant Emporium. There was a lot on his mind, so he was not in a hurry to get home.

Eventually, though, he did.

The Marvelous Mimic opened its door unprompted to welcome him back. It even retracted the terrifying fangs, which were usually out at night, back inside the door frame.

Sunny patted the lintel, walked into the dining hall absentmindedly, placed the picnic basket on a table, and sighed.

He was a bit tired, but doubted that he would be able to sleep tonight.

And indeed, Sunny wasn't able to douse the flames blazing in his mind for a long time. He tossed and turned in the bed, only falling asleep shortly before dawn.

As a result, he overslept, only waking up from the sounds of Aiko entering the shop. Since his petite assistant had showed up for work, the morning crowd wasn't far behind, either.

Sunny sat up and rubbed his face, then went about washing up for the long day ahead.

'Will she come?'

He figured that Nephis would need a long time to sort her feelings out, but still put extra effort into making himself look presentable on the off chance that she would not.

Aiko's voice resounded from downstairs while he was in the middle of his routine.

"Hey, boss! What should I do with the basket?"

Sunny swept his wet hair back and responded casually:

"... Ah there are some dirty dishes inside. Give them a rinse."

He washed them in the river yesterday, but everything still needed to be cleaned properly.

Sunny continued to get himself ready. There were no mirrors inside the Mimic, so he used the gloomy shadow to look at himself instead.

Needless to say, the shadow was not amused by having to stare at his mug first thing in the morning... or ever, really.

'That guy never changes...'

It was then that Sunny froze, opened his eyes wide, then dashed down while summoning the Nebulous Mantle.

"N0, Aiko! Wait!"

But it was too late.

The petite girl was standing in the kitchen, the picnic basket floating in the air by her side. It was open, and Aiko... was holding a beautiful white dress in her hands.

Sunny grew still.

"That..."

She looked at him with wide eyes and asked in a small voice:

"Boss... uh... why did you bring a girl's dress back from your picnic?"

Sunny stammered:

"It's n—not what you think... I didn't do anything!

She just ran off... without her dress... it happened that way..."

Aiko stared at the dress silently.

Then, a small frown appeared on her face.

"Wait a minute... these measurements..."

In the next moment, she was standing next to Sunny, poking him in the chest with a finger.

"That is Changing Star's dress! You! You debaucherous scoundrel! What did you do to Nephis? !"

Sunny softened the Onyx Shell, afraid that Aiko would bruise her finger, and pretended to reel back from her jabs.

"I didn't do anything! We were just escaping the heat in the river... and what do you mean, scoundrel? ! Weren't you the one who encouraged me to strike while the iron was hot? !"

"When did I ever? !"

"Ouch! I don't remember! But you definitely did!"

It was then that the silver bell hanging above the door rang, and they both froze.

Someone was standing at the entrance, looking at them calmly.

Tasteful white clothes, beautiful figure, lustrous silver hair...

Sunny's heart skipped a beat.

It was Nephis.

She lowered her gaze and looked at the dress, which Aiko was still holding in her hand.

Nephis smiled politely.

"Oh. I've been looking for that."

Walking into the kitchen, she took it from the petite girl's hand and looked at Sunny with sparkling eyes.

"Thank you for picking it up, Master Sunless."

He inhaled slowly.

"... Ah y—yes. Sure."

Why was she acting so nonchalant? What was she thinking?

'Did she come here to... to condemn me, or to embrace me?'

He gulped and asked cautiously:

"I. . I hope everything is fine. After what happened yesterday."

Nephis nodded curtly.

"It's fine."

Then, she frowned a bit and mumbled quietly:

"No, actually, now that I think about it... after what happened last night, I'll need to replace some furniture...'

Sunny flinched.

"... What?"

At the same time, Aiko's eyes widened even more.

"What? !"

Nephis looked at them in confusion.

"Oh. Sorry. I was just talking to myself."

She paused for a moment, noticing their expressions, and then added hesitantly:

"Uh... did I say something wrong again?"

***

Eventually, Sunny managed to leave stunned Aiko behind and lead Nephis to somewhere more private.

And now that they were there, he was silently cursing himself.

'No, but... am I an idiot? Why didn't I go downstairs, to the Memory shop? Why did I bring her upstairs instead? !'

Currently, there were... in his bedroom.

While Sunny was berating himself, Nephis looked around with curiosity.

"Is that where you sleep? This version of you, I mean."

Sunny forced out a smile.

"... Ah yes. At least one incarnation of me has to, from time to time. The others don't sleep, but since I am supposed to be the most human one, I do."

He silently evaluated his bedroom and thanked the dead gods for the habit of always making his bed first thing in the morning. The room was clean and cozy, with a beautiful view of the Mirror Lake beyond the window. The Castle was bathed in the golden light of dawn... and there, above it, the Ivory Island was shrouded by clouds.

Nephis stared at his bed for a few moments, as if trying to remember something, then turned away and looked out of the window.

A hint of a smile appeared on her lips.

"I think I can see my window from here."

Sunny would lie if he said that he had not spent plenty of time staring at the distant silhouette of the Ivory Tower, so he kept silent.

Instead, he gestured to a few items decorating his room.

"These are some curios that I collected in the Dream Realm over the years. They are... nothing much. But exploring the past is one of my hobbies."

Nephis studied them for a while, then turned to face him and said simply:

"I know."

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"You... know?"

She hesitated for a few moments.

"The Exploration Report on the Tomb of Ariel, written by Nobody. You are Nobody... aren't you?"

**********


                                Chapter 1836 Resolution
--------------------
He was startled by that question. It had come out of nowhere, completely crushing his expectations of what she wanted to talk about... both the best and the worst of them.

Sunny remained silent until the pain of the Flaw made it difficult, and then nodded slowly, choosing not to say anything else. The more he said, the higher were the chances of her asking him something that he was unable to answer.

Nephis sighed, then explained calmly:

"I started to suspect it after meeting the Lord of Shadows for the first time. He... you... were too strong to have come out of nowhere. A Saint as powerful as that simply had to have left a mark on the world. And when I asked who had taught you my family‘s swordsmanship, you answered that... that nobody had. I did not note it initially, but later, something seemed to click in my mind."

She paused for a few moments, took a deep breath, and then spoke:

"The memories of everyone who had entered the Third Nightmare with me are... affected. We don't really know every detail of what happened here. But there, in Godgrave, I guess something."

Nephis paused before adding:

"The Tomb of Ariel. You were..."

However, before she could form the question, Sunny interrupted her by raising his hand.

There was a complicated expression on his face.

Inside, he was full of intense happiness at the thought of Nephis knowing that they had challenged the Third Nightmare together. It was not exactly the same as remembering him... but it was something, at least. Something infinitely more meaningful than the nothingness of his current situation.

But he also knew that she would not be able to remember his answer.

And, unlike Cassie, who was able to retain the memory of having forgotten something due to her Aspect, Nephis would not be able to do even that.

So, instead of confessing the truth, Sunny said quietly:

"Before you say anything else, I must confess something. There are... certain things that my Flaw prevents me from sharing. So, please... some words are better left unsaid."

Nephis studied him intently for a while, then let out a heavy sigh.

"I see. I... think I understand."

She turned away and smiled faintly.

"That explains it. Why Cassie put so much trust in you. And why her condition has improved so suddenly..."

Sunny turned away quietly.

Had misled her with his warning. But it seemed that his deception had led her to the right conclusions, at least.

Nephis looked at the distant Ivory Island again.

"I won't say that I am not disappointed. But if this is how it is... I won't ask, then."

Her back was very straight.

After a while, Sunny heard her even voice again:

"I will ask you something else, though. Sunless."

He took a deep breath, suddenly feeling nervous.

This was the moment of truth.

'How ironic. ’

"What?"

Nephis turned around and smiled.

Her voice was calm and even:

"I'm leaving Bastion in seven days. So... will you take me on another date? In Godgrave."

Sunny looked at her breathlessly.

Suddenly bashful, Nephis glanced down.

"I... I know that it is not the most romantic location..."

But he interrupted her again.

Breaking into a smile, Sunny nodded.

"Yes. Yes, I will... I'll be delighted to."

He paused for a moment, and the added:

"In fact, I have no choice but to follow you to Godgrave, Nephis."

She hesitantly raised her eyebrow:

"You don't?"

Chuckling, Sunny nodded.

"Of course."

He took a step forward and offered her his hand.

"After all... I am still contractually obligated to forge that sword for you. How can I leave your side before it's finished?"

She smiled...

And took it.

***

And that was it.

Their strange, tentative relationship had not ended despite the many secrets they were keeping, the heavy burden of the forgotten past, and the dark shadow of the imminent war. It was going to continue tenaciously despite the uncertain future.

Which made both of them happy... Sunny, at least, felt incredible joy.

It was both strange and wonderful. The circumstances couldn't be any worse... the timing was absolutely atrocious, as well.

But when had it not been?

In hindsight, there had always been something standing between them.

Neither Sunny nor Nephis had any time to think about their feelings on the Forgotten Shore. Then, they were separated for two long years. After Nephis returned, they only spent a month together before he left for Antarctica. And after Antarctica, he was forgotten by everyone, including her.

The had only had a few fleeting moments to be together in peace, in the depths of the Third Nightmare.

So, strangely enough... despite having known her for almost ten years, this was the first time Sunny had enough maturity to not only know what he wanted, but also be able to express his feelings.

So what if the timing was terrible, and there was a war approaching? If he decided to wait for a good moment to act on his desires, he would have had to wait forever... . After talking some more, he showed Nephis out and returned to the Brilliant Emporium while whistling an upbeat melody.

However, once he was inside, he was met by Aiko‘s chilly gaze.

"What are you so happy about?"

Sunny grinned and suppressed the desire to pinch her cheeks.

Instead, he said happily:

"I just agreed to follow Lady Nephis to war."

The petite girl glared at him silently.

"... There's going to be a war?"

Sunny nodded.

"Oh, right. You didn‘t know. Yeah, there is."

Aiko kept silent for a while, then let out a long sigh and sat down.

"And you‘re going with Nephis to that war?"

He gave her a carefree shrug.

"It seems so."

Aiko sighed again, then covered her face with both hands and groaned.

"Gods... not again! Why... why is this keep happening to me? ! No, really... why? !"

Sunny looked at her guiltily, then walked over and patted the petite girl on the head.

His voice sounded bright:

"Aiko... don‘t worry too much. It‘s going to be fine. Let me ask you something..."

When she looked up at him with teary eyes, he grinned and asked cheerfully:

"... Have you heard about the wonderful world of war profiteering‘?"

**********


                                Chapter 1837: Part of Life
--------------------
A few days later, Sunny dove into the cold waters of the Mirror Lake while the full moon slowly climbed the lightless sky. It was the last full moon before the great war between the two Domains set both worlds aflame, and therefore, the last chance he had to meet Cassie in the ruined stronghold of a dead daemon. Infiltrating the true Bastion unnoticed was still somewhat difficult...

However, Sunny was tense for an entirely different reason.

'Rain... ah. That girl is really committed to making my life overly exciting, isn't she?‘

It was shortly before his sister expressed her determination to participate in the Domain War on the side of Queen Song.

Which wasn't really a big surprise to Sunny, who knew Rain well enough to guess that she would not stay idle. She was too compassionate and not nearly jaded enough to let her neighbors be bullied without trying to do something about it — no matter how small her contribution would be, in the grand scheme of things. So, he wasn't that angry.

In fact, he was happy to see that she still retained this kind of innocence. He was also a little proud to know that she had this kind of integrity — something that he had always lacked, and only barely found in Antarctica before losing it all over again.

But still, what brother wanted to see his little sister put herself in danger? Honestly, Sunny wanted nothing more than to whisk her to the Nameless Temple and keep her under lock until everything was over. No... the Nameless Temple wasn‘t safe enough, considering what role it was supposed to play. Nowhere was really safe anymore, and nothing would be really over for a long while.

However, the main reason Sunny had not tried to dissuade Rain from joining the war was that she had to make her own choices, earn her own triumphs, and suffer from her own mistakes in order to learn and grow. No matter how much he worried about her safety, he would never want to become someone who stifled her growth with overbearing care instead of aiding it.

That would only be a disservice, especially for someone as bright and dauntless as Rain was.

Plus... so what if she was going to war? It would be a little tricky, without a doubt, but Sunny was quite confident in his ability to keep her alive even in the middle of a battlefield. Who was there among the champions of Song and Valor whom he couldn't handle?

Well, alright, there were the Sovereigns... but he could at least run away from them safely.

So, this war could very well become a harsh, but indispensable opportunity for her to mature and grow stronger — both in terms of ability and mentality.

It was the latter part that Sunny was worried about. Not because he thought that Rain couldn't handle it, but because he knew that she would be left with invisible scars even if she did.

...Scars were a part of life as well, though. They were a part of growth.

'Ah, I don't know.‘

In any case, there was nothing he could do about it now. So, Sunny tried to forget his worries and concentrate on the task at hand.

Cassie was waiting for him near the collapsed tower, her beautiful hair glistening in moonlight like pale gold.

She was in one piece, and seemingly alive. There were no visible bruises anywhere, either. So, Sunny felt a little less guilty about exposing her to Neph's wrath.

'I’ll make it up to her later, somehow…’

Rising from the water, he climbed onto the remains of the fallen tower.

"Hey, Cassie."

Cassie smiled faintly.

"Hey, Sunny."

It was still strange — and heartwarming — to hear someone call him by his name. Sunny enjoyed the feeling and looked at the crumbling walls of the ruined fortress.

They seemed even more deserted than before.

He raised an eyebrow.

"I don't see any Knights on the walls."

She nodded.

"There was no call for the vassals to assemble their armies, yet, but the royal clan has already started to move its forces. Most of the Knights and Paladins are heading north. Awakened soldiers, too. It is hard to notice on the streets of the false Bastion, but here, their absence can be felt."

Cassie hesitated for a few moments.

"...The king is still here, though. So we need to be careful."

He offered her his hand without wasting any time, then pulled them both into the Mirror Maze.

Once they were in the familiar stone chamber, Sunny let go of Cassie's hand, summoned the Shadow Lantern, and said:

"I am glad that you are okay... and I'm sorry for putting you in a difficult situation. Well, I am sure that Nephis was her usual composed and restrained self. But still. The two of you must have had a heated conversation."

Cassie faced him, and for a moment, there was a strange expression on her face. "Oh... yes. Indeed. She was her usual, composed self."

With that, she turned to the door and smiled.

"It's alright. I was actually glad to see her a little flustered. You did a fine job, by the way. Telling her. Now that this obstacle is behind the two of you, the future seems a little brighter."

Sunny sighed quietly.

"I hope so, too. But... to tell you the truth, I am as worried and apprehensive about it as I am relieved and elated. There are things I simply can't tell her, after all. Can we really be together when we can't even be honest with each other? I am worried."

Cassie smiled.

"Of course, you can. Honesty is important, but it is also overrated. If people were entirely honest with each other, there would have been no romance in the world. What do you think a relationship is? At the start, everyone hides their true selves and only shows the other person their best side. And by the time two people come together, even if some details remain hidden, the important truths shine through. I think you showed her the important truth splendidly."

Sunny stared at her silently for a while.

It was strange, but after hearing her words, he suddenly felt a lot better. Sensing his reaction, Cassie raised an eyebrow.

"What?"

He shook his head.

"Nothing, really. It's just that... how are you so good at giving advice? You've never been in a relationship before, yourself. It's weird!"

Cassie seemed mortified.

"W—who said that I've never..."

Sunny gave her a dubious look.

"Please."

The young woman remained motionless for a few moments, then slowly turned her back to him.

Her voice sounded a little irked:

"Unbelievable... that's two times in a week, now..."

**********


                                Chapter 1838 Palace of Imagination
--------------------
Soon, a tide of shadows swallowed the Mirror Maze, and they continued their meticulous exploration.

Sunny did not really hope to reveal the secret of the maze tonight. In fact, by now, he was starting to suspect that he would never be able to reach its heart that way — simply because what he was doing was inherently wrong.

It was impossible to reach the Tomb of Ariel no matter how long one marched across the Nightmare Desert... at least during the day. He believed that the only way to approach the great pyramid was to brave the sea of dunes at night, when it was the most dangerous.

Similarly, there must have been some trick to traversing the labyrinth of mirrors. Perhaps by drowning the maze in shadows and neutering its mirror walls, Sunny was preventing himself from making any progress.

He sighed.

Behind him, Cassie hesitated for a few moments, and then said quietly:

"That girl in the Song Domain..."

Sunny glanced back with a neutral expression, knowing what she wanted, but couldn't ask.

"...She is someone precious."

The blind seer remained silent for a while.

Eventually, she smiled and said with a hint of wonder in her voice:

"It is funny, isn't it? The entire world is frozen in fear and anticipation of a great war that will shape history. And yet, no one is aware that something no less important has happened in the desolate wilderness of the Dream Realm, witnessed by nobody except for a young Legacy girl, you, and me. A human of the waking world Awakening without being cursed by the Nightmare Spell. Your achievement... is remarkable."

A pale smile appeared on Sunny's lips, as well.

"Funny? It is a bit funny, I guess."

Her remained silent for a few moments, and then added:

"However, this achievement can only become important in the future. She can only make a difference in the future. Right now... it is up to people like us — you, me, and Nephis — to make sure that there is a future for people like her to make history."

His smile turned a little bittersweet.

"In fact, if there is a future... I hope that what we did becomes all but forgotten, and only what they did is remembered. Such a wish is quite ironic coming from someone like me, isn't it?"

Cassie chuckled.

"It is... especially when expressed to someone like me. Although, I must say — I doubt that there is someone like you or me out there. Or will ever be again." Sunny couldn't help but laugh quietly.

"Gods. I hope not."

It would be quite sad, if someone in the future had to suffer like him, and was forced to do the same terrible things that he had done or was yet to do, still, just then, they made another turn... and froze.

His eyes widened.

'...I'll be damned.'

Sunny had not expected to discover anything in the Mirror Maze tonight, but, unexpectedly... he did.

Out there in front of them, the narrow corridor opened into a vast hall. The mirror walls that had been pressing down on them expanded, disappearing into the distance. The floor of the underground chamber was sloping downward like a bowl, and the ceiling was out of sight.

The spherical hall was so vast that Sunny could not see the other end of it. In fact, he couldn't see anything, as if something was obscuring his vision. His shadow sense was similarly suppressed.

All he could feel was that the hall was enormous, ancient... and dangerous. Sunny‘s instincts were screaming that he needed to retreat. This sense of dire danger reminded him of the worst horrors he had experienced in his life. ...Then, there was a sound in the darkness.

Chilled to the bone, Sunny looked down and felt something that did not make any sense, and yet filled him with a sense of terror.

A wave of cold water rolled over the floor and licked his boots, pieces of ice drifting in the foam, then receded... as if he was standing on the shore of a freezing ocean.

Then, there was another sound.

The rustle of countless leaves and the creaking of enormous branches.

Wisps of mist drifted in the darkness, brushing against his skin like cold tendrils.

The ghastly smell of the outskirts assaulted his nose.

Before anything happened, Sunny grabbed Cassie and pulled her back into the corridor. Then, feeling that it was not enough, he stepped through the shadows and brought them back to the stone chamber.

Letting go of the blind seer, he leaned on the wall heavily.

His vision returned. Both of them were deathly pale, and trembling. "W—what... what the hell was that?"

Cassie's voice was subdued.

Sunny forced himself to calm down and let out a stifled laugh.

It wasn't easy to scare two Saints, and yet, here they were.

"The Demon of Imagination... damn."

Cassie raised her eyebrow.

"What do you mean?"

Sunny slowly straightened his back and brushed his hair back.

"This castle was created by the Demon of Imagination once, wasn‘t it? So, there have to be traces of her power left here. The mirrors are one such relic. The hall we found... I think it is another."

The blind seer frowned.

"The icy water, the rustle of countless leaves, the mist... what do they have to do with the Demon of Imagination?"

Sunny slowly shook his head.

"Nothing. But... when we entered the hall, I felt a sense of danger, and couldn't help but remember some of the most harrowing encounters of my life. And so..." He hesitated for a few moments, struggling to believe in the theory that had formed in his mind.

Eventually, though, Sunny finished his thought in a low tone:

"And so, the hall made them real."

Cassie's face paled.

"You mean... you mean to say that that place can make What we fear into reality?"

Sunny lingered for a while, then shook his head again.

"No... if I am right, then it is not what we fear."

He shivered, and the added in a somber tone:

"It's what we imagine."

Come to think of it, he must have gone blind there because of Cassie.

'Damned daemons…’

What did every one of them have to be scarier than the next?

Cassie seemed a little shocked by his suggestion, too.

She hesitated for a while, then asked in a small voice:

"Then, do you want... to go try again? There is still time before dawn..."

Sunny laughed.

"Are you crazy? Just think about what is hidden there, in our heads. Let's not even mention that one of us might accidentally think about having their limbs severed or skin peeled off. Can you control your thoughts completely? What if you imagine that Cursed Tyrant, Condemnation? What if you think about the Forgotten God?"

He took a deep breath.

"I knew that there would be some kind of challenge at the heart of the Mirror Maze. But this... this is beyond what I have imagined. Pun intended. Conquering that hall is a lethal task, even for us. No... especially for us. Because we have seen too much, and remember too much."

It definitely wasn't something that could be accomplished in a day.

If he wanted to reach the heart of the Hall of Imagination... he would need to prepare thoroughly.

...Sadly, there was no time.

Sunny looked at the door of the stone chamber with regret, and then sighed. "It doesn't matter. I had a small hope of finding what I seek here before the war, but I can find it after we win, too. By then, there will be no King of Swords and no Clan Valor. I won't need to hide in the darkness and come here only once a month. So... I will return to this eerie place then."

With that, Sunny offered Cassie his hand and forced out a smile.

"Let's leave, for now. There is a lot I have to do in these next few days."

It was true. Because these...

Would be the last days of peace.

**********


                                Chapter 1839: Last Days of Peace
--------------------
Pale sunshine poured through the open window, and a gentle breeze made the curtains flutter. Sunny opened his eyes slowly, laying comfortably in his opulent bed. The subtle sounds of the city waking up washed over him, bright and lively on this peaceful morning.

He yawned, then slowly got up.

Today was like any other day in Bastion. There were some changes about the mood on the streets of the young city as of late, but mostly, it was the same. The Brilliant Emporium was also the same — except for one detail.

There was a hand-drawn sign standing in front of the entrance. It had been there for the past few days, attracting plenty of attention.

The Sign said:

"Closing soon

*Temporarily

**Farewell discounts for everyone! Best waffles in two worlds!"

As a result, Sunny had earned quite a lot of coins in the last day or two. The Brilliant Emporium seemed to have gathered a loyal audience, and the regulars were both sad to see it temporarily close doors and in a hurry to visit it one last time.

But today...

Today was the last day.

80, Sunny wanted to make it perfect.

Reaching the kitchen, he was surprised to see that Ajko was already there. The petite girl usually liked to sleep a lot — if it wasn't for the job, she would have lazed around in bed until noon. But today, she was there before Sunny.

He looked at her in surprise.

"...I'm not seeing things, am I?"

She grinned.

"Of course not, boss! What are you talking about? I have always been dependable, punctual, and diligent!"

Sunny looked at her with doubt.

"Dependable, punctual, and diligent... do you even know what these words mean?"

Aiko nodded energetically.

"Of course, boss!"

He stared at her some more, then sighed.

"Well, whatever. Start preparing the ingredients."

The petite girl made a fist and floated up a little.

"Yes, boss! I love you, boss!"

He shuddered.

Aiko had been like that after realizing how profitable a war could be to an establishment dealing with Memories. Her eyes had not stopped sparkling since. Sunny could practically see all kinds of nefarious schemes forming in her twisted little head.

'At least someone is happy...‘

He manifested an avatar and went about welcoming the first customers.

A few familiar faces visited the Brilliant Emporium that day.

Early in the morning, he guided Beth to her usual table and brewed her some coffee. The dark circles under the young woman's eyes were even more pronounced than usual, and she seemed to be partially asleep.

Sunny was a little touched that she made time to visit the Brilliant Emporium on its closing day despite that.

"Here's your coffee, Miss Beth. Thank you for coming to say goodbye."

She stared at him tiredly, then blinked a couple of times.

"Huh? Goodbye?"

Sunny hesitated for a moment.

"Yes? We are closing today... temporarily."

Beth frowned.

"Oh, really? I didn't know. I haven't left the lab in a week... no, wait, what day is it today? In ten days?"

Sunny looked at her silently, not knowing what to say. His pleasant smile froze a little.

She sighed.

"Well... it's a shame. I really grew to like this place! Good luck to you, Master Sunless... in whatever it is that you are going to do next."

His smile widened a little.

"Good luck to you as well, Miss Beth. I really hope that you succeed. But, please... take care of yourself. Your life is precious, too."

She sipped her coffee and smiled with a hint of bittersweet sadness in her eyes. "I know. After all, there was someone who paid a great price to save it. So, I have to live well..."

Shortly after, Sunny served Teacher Julius breakfast and tea. The old man seemed strangely down, looking in the window with a distracted look

Sunny hesitated for a few moments, then asked politely:

"Is something bothering you, Awakened Julius?"

The old man perked up a little.

"Ah, Master Sunless. It's nothing much... I'm just feeling old these days. I was born before there was even such a thing as the Nightmare Spell, you know. A youngster like you might not understand..."

He looked in the window and sighed.

"The world keeps changing, and old fossils like me can't keep up. Maybe it's time for me to retire."

Sunny sat down across from him and chuckled.

"What are you talking about, Awakened Julius? You, of all people, must not retire."

Teacher Julius raised an eyebrow.

"Oh? Why? Right... you probably don't know, but my course has never been very popular. I am usually lucky to get one or two students to attend... they are always the best students at the Academy, of course, but still! It's a bit..."

Sunny shook his head.

"It is because the world is changing that you must never retire. Think about it. Wilderness survival might not have been very in demand before — but it was only useful to a handful of Awakened before, as well."

He gestured to the quiet street outside.

"Now, there are many more Awakened out there. There are mundane people living in the Dream Realm, too. There are roads being built between new cities and trade routes being established. We are not just surviving in the wilderness anymore — we are trying to conquer it. So, experts like you will become more precious than gold very soon."

Teacher Julius stared at him with a strange expression for a while.

Then, his eyes glistened.

"You think so?"

Sunny nodded.

"Of course!"

The old man was suddenly full of energy and smiled.

"No... but you are right! The development of civilization is like a conquest of the wilds. Now that civilization is developing in the Dream Realm, youngsters like you will need someone with a bit of sense to guide them. I might not have a lot of sense, but I do know a thing or two about the Dream Realm. Let's see... I just need to change my approach a little..."

It was the same infectious enthusiasm Sunny was familiar with. Smiling, he quietly left Teacher Julius to contemplate and left to serve other customers.

At some point, Kim and Luster entered the dining hall.

They seemed a little disheartened to see the Brilliant Emporium closing its doors.

Luster shook Sunny's hand and gripped his shoulder with a strangely emotional look on his face.

"I think I know why you have no choice but to do it, Master Sunless. Those damned rumors...'I

The young man's eyes were almost glistening with tears.

"But, for whatever it is worth, I want you to know that, for me... and many others like me... you are a hero. A true hero! Princess Nephis, damn... I admire you so much, Master Sunless! Please, teach me your ways!"

Kim silently grabbed him by the collar, pulled him back, and gave Sunny an apologetic look.

"Please ignore my idiot husband, Master Sunless."

Lustern looked at her, hid a smile, and grumbled:

"No, I'm just saying. Can't I admire a virtuoso? It's purely academic interest..." Sunny coughed, then guided them to a table.

As they were sitting down, Luster looked around and asked in confusion:

"By the way, Kimmy... where's Quentin?"

She shrugged.

"He was walking Beth home. So, it will probably be just us two, today."

Feeling something stir a little in his heart, Sunny smiled with genuine mirth and walked away to help prepare their food.

He put extra effort to make sure that these two enjoyed an unforgettable meal. Later, Sunny heard soft whimpers coming from outside. Opening the door, he saw a peculiar scene.

Aiko, who had left some time ago to run an errand, was floating in the air with a panicked expression. Little Ling was hugging her leg tightly, hanging on it like a monkey.

Huge tears were falling from the little boy's eyes.

"No! Auntie Aiko can't leave! Ling Ling won't let her go!"

Giving up in despair, Aiko stopped trying to float away and awkwardly patted him on the head.

"It's... it's alright, puppy! I'm not leaving yet! But if you don't let go... I won't be able to walk! Ouch! M—my leg!"

Ling's dad finally managed to pull his son off her, hugged him tightly, and gave Sunny a helpless smile.

"Sorry about that..."

Nevertheless, Little Ling's tears were dried up soon. The boy was fully preoccupied with a bowl of ice cream... but he still insisted on holding Aiko's hand and refusing to let her out of his sight even for a minute.

His father sighed.

"Are you really leaving?"

Sunny glanced at him, then smiled.

"Yes. Well... for a while. Hopefully, we'll be back one day."

Little Ling's dad looked a little sad. The two of them were on friendly terms and spent quite a bit of time together due to the cooperation between the Beast Farm and the Brilliant Emporium. Sunny felt a bit touched to know that he would be missed.

"In the meantime, please take care of your family. Most people do not know, but you should be aware that we are in for some tough times.”

His former soldier nodded somberly.

"I know. I will... you take care too, Master Sunless."

Sunny gripped his shoulder for a moment, then went over to the table and patted Ling Ling on the head.

The little boy looked up at him and smiled shyly.

"Uncle!"

Sunny smiled, as well.

"I'm sorry, Ling Ling. This is the last bowl of ice cream I'll be able to treat you with for a while."

Little Ling's tiny face instantly turned downcast. His doleful expression was both incredibly cute and comical.

"I... I see..."

Sunny sighed.

"But when I return, I'll give you two... no, three entire bowls of ice cream. And a huge mug of hot chocolate. And even a cake."

The little boy's eyes widened.

"Really?"

Sunny nodded.

"Of course! In the meantime, take care of your mom. She looks tough, but she is actually a huge softie. You need to treat her well."

Little Ling grinned.

"Ling Ling treats mommy the best!"

Then, he giggled and added with excitement:

"Mommy is huge! Uncle said so!"

Sunny's expression faltered.

"No, wait a second, don't say that. Most importantly, don't say that I said that. Not huge... a huge softie. Repeat after me, Ling Ling. Softie... softie..."

But the little boy was already distracted by something else and refused to listen. Looking at him, Sunny paled a little, and then sighed.

'Maybe it's a good thing that I am leaving Bastion... I need to get the hell out of here before Effie hears that!‘

There were more customers after that, as well.

A lot of female customers, in particular, were sighing as they threw secretive glances at Sunny. He was even worried that there was something wrong with his cooking today, but Aiko simply rolled her eyes and assured him that everything was fine.

Sunny could only carry on in bewilderment.

'I guess people get really attached to their favorite cafés...‘

But then, eventually...

It was time to close the doors.

It was already dark by then, and the young moon was slowly rising in the sky. Sunny remained on the porch for a while, looking at the city and breathing deeply. He had grown used to the scent of Bastion in the past year, without even knowing that he had.

In hindsight... it had been a wonderful year.

But now, it was time to leave.

He sighed.

'I'm going to miss this.‘ With that, Sunny turned around, walked inside, and closed the door behind him.

**********


                                Chapter 1840: Bathed in Starlight
--------------------
High in the sky above Bastion, a beautiful island was hovering, shrouded in the veil of clouds. Illuminated by pale starlight, a white pagoda stood upon it, piercing the heaven.

Nobody noticed when the flying island started to move.

Not only because it was dark, and most of the citizens were already asleep, but also because a perfect illusory copy of the island remained in its place when it did.

Due to the attempted assassination of Changing Star, Clan Valor gained leverage over the government. They used some of that leverage to summon Saint Thane, a government Transcendent who held power over dreams and illusions, to Bastion. His task was to hide the fact that the Ivory Island had left the sky above Mirror Lake.

In truth, it was heading for Godgrave.

Before that, however, the flying island made a stop.

Descending from the great heights, it reached the shore of the lake and landed on the water. A tall wave rose, flooding a few streets that were closest to the shore for a few moments.

Among them was a quiet street where a cozy brick cottage stood.

At that moment, something bizarre happened.

The cottage stirred, and then rose, revealing countless metal legs that were attached to its bottom. Turning around, it trotted to the shore and then nonchalantly dove into the water.

The cottage swam surprisingly well for a brick building.

Covering the distance to the island swiftly, then it climbed ashore, shook energetically, and then looked around in confusion... it was as if it was unsure where to plop down.

Eventually, the bizarre creature simply lowered itself to the ground where it stood.

As soon as it did, the island slowly rose from the water and moved north.

Soaring into the sky to hide behind the clouds, it flew above the sleeping city... and left it behind.

At that time, the door of the cottage opened, and a young man with alabaster skin and raven—black hair walked out of it.

Sunny stepped on the soft soil of the Ivory Island, inhaled deeply, and smiled. "What a beautiful sight."

Nephis was standing a few steps away, looking at him calmly.

She responded to his smile with one of her own.

"Ivory Island is indeed beautiful at night. Welcome."

He looked at her silently for a while, then shook his head softly.

"I wasn't talking about the island."

Neph's eyes widened a little.

"Oh..."

She hesitated for a few moments, then looked away in embarrassment and gestured to the dark expanse of emerald grass.

"Would you like to take a walk?"

Sunny nodded with a smile.

"Sure."

He offered her his arm, and when she took it, asked quietly:

"Once we reach Godgrave, where do you want to go? I'm afraid there are no beaches there... but I can still prepare a picnic."

Nephis chuckled.

"We won't reach it for a while. There's plenty of time to decide."

They walked silently side by side, eventually reaching the edge of the island. Below, a sea of clouds was shining with reflected starlight. Above, a myriad of stars was burning in the distant sky.

Neph's eyes were like two radiant stars, as well.

But much more beautiful.

She studied the night sky for a while, then sighed.

"I... find myself in doubt, now that we are leaving for war. It happens sometimes, albeit rarely. And I can't really reveal that side of myself to anyone, because my strength is their strength. But I am afraid sometimes, too. Can we really win? Can we really defeat the Sovereigns? Even if we do... what then?"

A fragile smile appeared on her lips.

"Of course, I always banish these doubts, since I can't afford them. You just... caught me before I could steel myself, tonight."

Sunny looked at her silently for a while.

Eventually, he smiled.

"Of course, we can win. Of course, we will defeat the Sovereigns. And everything that comes after them."

Nephis faced him, her ivory face bathed in starlight.

"Why are you so sure?"

Sunny chuckled.

When he spoke, his voice was calm and confident.

"Because that is our will. Who dares to stop us?"

She was standing so close that he could hear her heartbeat... and his own.

The stars were shining in the lightless sky, illuminating the world with soft radiance.

In that radiance, her lips looked even softer.

Only war awaited them ahead.

...Placing his hands on her shoulders, he gently pulled her in and leaned forward.

His heart was beating like a caged beast.

When their lips touched gently, it was as though the whole world was engulfed with heat.

And Sunny wasn't satisfied with that gentle touch. He was hungry for more. Wrapping his hands around her, he pulled her closer, until their bodies were pressed tightly against each other, with no space for anything except passion between them.

Nephis slowly raised her hands and embraced him, as well, responding to his kiss.

At the same time, their kiss grew more passionate, as if both had been starving for each other's lips for a long, long time.

And, intoxicated by the taste of her...

Sunny finally felt complete.

****

Somewhere else, a ruined fortress bathed in the light of a shattered moon. In the remnants of its main keep, a tall dais stood. There was no throne and no altar on the dais... instead, there was an iron anvil, and a man who stood in front of it, swinging a heavy hammer.

He was tall and broad-shouldered, with a lean, but mighty physique. Powerful muscles rolled under his glistening skin, and his sweat was evaporating in the unbearable heat of a crucible. His bare torso was painted in shades of vermilion by its angry light.

The man had dark hair and a thick, but dignified beard. The expression on his noble face was harsh and austere, and his grey eyes were as cold as tempered steel.

There was a sword taking shape under his hammer on the iron anvil. Eventually, the man put the hammer aside and quenched the incandescent blade in water. The reflection on its surface convulsed when it was pierced by the sharp tip, and was then obscured by rising steam.

A few moments later, the blacksmith pulled the sword out of the water and looked at it closely.

Then, the intensity of his gaze was replaced with contempt and disappointment. Gritting his teeth, the man tossed the beautiful blade aside.

It fell from the dais and flew down.

What waited below was a mountain of swords, each so masterfully crafted that many warriors would eagerly kill for the right to wield one.

The newborn blade landed on the top of the mountain and joined its countless siblings, laying there...

Abandoned, and forgotten.

Far away...

A vast hall cut in blue ice was drowning in darkness.

In the center of the hall, a tall throne stood, illuminated by the ghostly light of dancing flames.

A corpse of a breathtakingly beautiful woman was sitting on the throne, dressed in a regal red gown. Its hem spilled down the steps of the throne like a river of blood.

The woman's chest was pierced by a sword, which pinned her to the back of the throne.

Two dead youths stood on both sides of the throne, waiting in silence.

Then, the silence was broken.

Pieces of ice fell to the floor and shattered as the dead woman's hand slowly rose. Her pale, long fingers wrapped themselves around the blade of the sword. Soon, there was the sound of metal breaking.

In the next moment, the ice hall — and the entire mountain encompassing it — shuddered.

And someplace else...

A gaunt man was sitting in the dust, wearing a tattered spacesuit. The visor of his helmet was cracked, and the oxygen in the tank attached to his back had long run out.

Nevertheless, the gaunt man was somehow still alive.

He had been motionless for a while, but now, he finally moved.

Rising his head, he looked at a beautiful blue disk floating in the great darkness above him.

His cracked lips twisted into a smile.

"How curious."

That was what he wanted to say...

But, of course, no sound escaped from his lips, since there was no air to transmit it.

The man tried to sigh, but failed for the same reason.

He shook his head in dejection and moved his lips again.

If someone was there to read them, they would have read:

"...It's starting."

The war for the throne of humanity had begun.

[End of Volume Eight: Lord of Shadows]

**********

