Shadow Slave - PART 133
Chapters 1321 to 1330
==============================


                                Chapter 1321 Drowning Island
--------------------
Sunny and Nephis had learned a few things about navigating the endlessly flowing waters of the Great River, but they were still unsure what distance separated each of the Seven Houses from each other. Nevertheless, they quickly understood that something was wrong by looking at Ananke's face.

The young priestess was almost always either calm or smiling. At some point, however, a deep frown twisted her soft adolescent face, and a dark shadow was cast onto her vibrant azure eyes.

Sunny was the first to notice. He studied the teenage girl in front of them, then asked:

"What's wrong?"

Ananke lingered for a few moments.

"We should have reached the Third House by now, my Lord."

There were seven artificial islands where the children of Weave spent their childhood, and although the swift ketch was supposed to reach the fifth one, they were actually numbered in reverse order - starting with the House of Birth far downstream and ending with the House of Youth. So, the Third House would have been the fifth they saw. However...

It seemed to have disappeared.

The young priestess studied the vast expanse of the Great River, then mumbled with uncertainty:

"I guess... the mechanisms of the island could have broken down, sending it adrift. I haven't visited here in a long while. Still, the deterioration shouldn't have reached that stage already..."

Sunny and Nephis exchanged glances. Rising to her feet, Nephis looked north.

"Could it have been destroyed by an abomination?"

Ananke did not answer for a while. Eventually, she sighed.

"It's unlikely, but not impossible. Maybe that is what happened, indeed."

The ketch continued to fly downstream, but the mood of its three passengers had changed. Not only was there a threat of a powerful Nightmare Creature stalking the waters somewhere nearby, but the disappearance of one of the islands also meant that the rest of them could be gone, as well.

'Damnation...'

Sunny did not particularly care about the remaining two of the Seven Houses, but he was concerned about the lower House of Parting - the point where Ananke was supposed to say farewell to them.

The young priestess was intending to gift them her ketch, so she needed another vessel in order to return to Weave. There were supposed to be other boats moored at the House of Parting, but if the island had been destroyed... they were going to have a problem.

'It's not too bad...'

The furthest island-ship of Weave might not have been destroyed. Even if it was... Sunny could assume the form of the river serpent again, continuing to travel downstream without the ketch. With the Crown of Twilight, he would be able to sustain that form for longer.

But not long enough to reach Fallen Grace. There were less powerful abominations in the past, though... perhaps he and Nephis would be able to come up with a method to stay safe while he replenished his essence.

There was nothing to do for now. First, they needed to reach the House of Parting and see whether it was still in one piece or not.

They continued sailing downstream in grim silence. The seven suns had already plunged into the Great River, suffusing it with a soft glow, when Sunny suddenly stirred and peered into the distance.

A few moments later, he pointed forward and said, his voice somber:

"I see something. There."

Ananke silently moved the steering oar, guiding the ketch in that direction.

A dozen minutes later, a dark shape became visible in the iridescent glow of the flowing water. It was massive and strangely shaped, rising above the surface of the river like a mountain.

Without having to say anything, Nephis and Sunny summoned their weapons. Ananke called upon her harpoon, as well.

However, they weren't in danger.

As the ketch drew closer to the ominous shape, they saw it for what it was.

A shattered platform built upon the frame of some leviathan's bones was sticking out of the water, tilted and half-drowned. They first saw one of its sides, overgrown by seaweed and barnacles. It took Sunny some time to realize that he was looking at the bottom of an island-ship.

Soon, enormous water wheels came into sight, motionless and broken, hanging high in the air. Finally, they went around the edge of the drowning island and saw the side of it that was supposed to be the surface.

The bright buildings, those of them that remained above the water, had mostly collapsed into piles of rubble. The gardens had been destroyed, and the tidy streets had turned into a labyrinth of ruins. The tall windcatchers had been shattered, their blades sticking out of the river like torn sails.

It was what remained of the Third House.

Looking at the scene of violent devastation, Sunny felt a cold shiver run down his spine.

"...What could have destroyed it so thoroughly?"

It seemed as though a frenzied titan had been let loose on the floating island.

Nephis gripped the hilt of her sword tighter. Her face was motionless, but white sparks were dancing in her eyes.

"An abomination?"

Ananke remained silent, studying the ruins with a dark expression. Eventually, she shook her head.

"I don't know, my Lady. Let's leave this place as soon as possible."

Despite her true age and her youthful appearance, the priestess was not a very good liar. Sunny could tell that she was keeping some suspicion to herself... but since Ananke did not want to speak of it, he decided not to press the issue, for now.

He trusted her that much, at least.

The young priestess let Nephis take the steering oar and went to the bow of the ketch, still holding her harpoon. The ketch sailed past the ruins of the devastated House, giving them an opportunity to study how utter its destruction had been. None of them said anything, but all three looked somber and uneasy.

Finally, they left the drowning island behind and continued moving with the current of the Great River. An hour passed in tense silence, then another. Despite Sunny's fears, no monstrous dweller of the depths attacked the small ketch.

After a while, the first of the seven suns appeared from beneath the waters. The impenetrable darkness released its hold upon the sky, and a new day came, as bright and beautiful as all the rest of them.

However, there was something different about this one.

When all seven suns had risen from the water, Sunny noticed that far ahead of them, in the distance, the darkness still remained. It veiled the northern horizon like a wall, connecting the surface of the Great River to the sky.

Ananke was staring at the distant wall of darkness, too, her youthful face pale.

He scowled.

"What is it? Some ancient abomination manifesting its power? A Defiled?"

The young priestess pursed her lips, then slowly shook her head.

"No, my Lord. It's much worse. It is... a storm."

Her melodious voice sounded solemn.

"A time storm..."

**********


                                Chapter 1322 Broken Time
--------------------
The ominous words hung in the air, as foreboding as the wall of darkness veiling the sky far in the distance. Sunny and Nephis looked at Ananke, wary because of her somber expression.

This was the first time either of them had seen the young priestess show signs of despondence. The three of them must have made for a funny sight... two battle-hardened warriors staring at a teenage girl, waiting for her guidance.

Sunny frowned.

"A time storm?"

Ananke nodded slowly.

"...Yes, my Lord. I have told you before that time can be unpredictable on the Great River. There are places where it turns stale and unmoving, great whirlpools that nothing can ever escape, clashing currents, and deadly tides of all kinds. A time storm... is one of the most dangerous anomalies one can encounter."

Her youthful face darkened.

"It is a wandering disaster that twists and rips time apart, containing within itself absolute chaos. These storms originate from the span of the Great River that corresponds to the final days of the Doom War, when the last cataclysmic battles between the daemons and the gods were fought, and when both sides perished. They... usually don't reach that far upstream. I am sorry."

Nephis shook her head.

"You don't need to be sorry, Ananke. It is not your fault. However... how do we escape it?"

The young priestess lingered for a few moments, then said quietly:

"I am not sure that we can."

She uttered several words, easily overpowering Neph's Shaping. The wind that had been filling the sails of the ketch disappeared, and a moment later, a powerful gale crushed into the wooden boat, making it creak.

This one was not summoned by anyone. Much worse... it was blowing from downstream, pushing their hair back.

Which meant that the dark wall devouring the horizon was traveling in their direction. At least a normal storm would...

Judging by Ananke's expression, a time storm behaved the same.

Sunny uttered a silent curse.

"Can we outrun it?"

The young priestess swiftly moved to the side of the ketch and looked down, at the clear water flowing past the polished wood. A few moments later, she gritted her teeth.

"I don't think so, my Lord. We are already caught in its outer reaches."

It was only then that Sunny noticed that the current of the Great River seemed to have grown much stronger. It was hard to tell when the ketch was flying forward at full speed, but now that it slowed down and was about to come to a halt, the changes were apparent even for an Outsider like himself.

The wind was chasing the storm in their direction, while the current was pulling them into the storm. It was like a trap.

'Damn it...'

"What do we do, then?"

Ananke stared at the approaching wall of the storm with a dark expression. A few moments later, she took a deep breath and forced out a smile.

"We will just have to brave it then, my Lord and Lady."

Sunny and Nephis stared at the teenage girl with stumped expressions. Hadn't she said that a time storm was a roving mass of chaotic time, wild and distorted enough to be absolutely deadly? The Third House had been much larger and infinitely more robust than their small ketch, but it was utterly destroyed.

How the hell were they supposed to survive something like that?

The young priestess shook her head.

"It is... it is not as bad as it sounds. I am a Transcendent, after all. We, the followers of Weaver, had to pass through the tumultuous region from where these storms originate on our way upstream, so we know a thing or two about how to endure them."

Her voice sounded confident, but the look in her eyes was anything but. Noticing their doubt, Ananke sighed.

"I am... reasonably certain that I can keep this small ketch from being torn apart. It is lucky, actually, that our vessel is not too large. However..."

She stared at the wall of darkness - that had already drawn closer in the few minutes they were talking - and grew solemn.

"It is very important that none of us touches the water, or becomes separated from the ketch. This storm front we see is only the aftereffect of the true disaster. The real horror lies beneath the waves, in the depths of water - no one can survive being pulled down by the raging currents of broken time. If you fall into the river, you will never come back."

Sunny grimaced. His hope of being able to salvage the situation by turning into the river serpent had just been crushed. Now, his only choice was to trust Ananke to see them through the disaster.

It was not that he didn't trust her... but...

Sunny suddenly remembered traversing the dark sea of the Forgotten Shore on the shoulder of the walking colossus. There had been a storm then, too... and a harrowing creature hiding within the storm.

His expression crumbled.

"...There are no ancient abominations hiding in that wall of darkness, are there?"

Ananke looked at him with surprise, then shook her head with a smile.

"No, my Lord. Even the Defiled can't survive the broken time. They avoid these storms just as we do."

Sunny sighed and looked downstream with a bleak face. After a while, he asked in a dull voice:

"We should prepare for a rocky ride, then?"

The young priestess nodded.

"Indeed. My Lord is wise..."

He was not even in the mood to celebrate getting another praise. Shaking his head, Sunny started stretching his body, then froze, realizing how senseless his actions were.

They were not preparing for a battle. Sharp swords and sturdy armor were not going to help them survive the storm, and neither would their combat skills.

Sighing again, he asked:

"What exactly do we need to do?"

With no time to waste, Ananke directed them on how to help her prepare the ketch for braving the storm. She tried to sound calm, but hints of urgency found their way into her voice.

The preparations did not take long. They lowered the sails, then folded them neatly. As it turned out, both masts of the ketch could be taken down, as well. After dismantling them, everything was either stored under the deck of the wooden boat or fastened tightly in place.

Ten minutes later, nothing that could be easily torn or broken by the wind remained. The ketch turned from a sailboat into a simple and barren vessel, seemingly too small to survive a terrible storm, but also solid enough to look like it, maybe, could.

The three of them stood on the empty deck, looking north.

The wall of darkness was approaching.

**********


                                Chapter 1323 Time Storm
--------------------
As the winds turned violent and the surface of the Great River grew restless, Ananke gave them a few simple instructions. There was not much to say, really - she would be responsible for steering the ketch, protecting it against the ravages of distorted time, and preventing it from turning over. While they had to scoop up the water that would inevitably get inside and throw it back overboard.

The three of them also used sturdy ropes to tie themselves to the ketch. If the boat did overturn... hopefully, they would not be pulled into the depths of the underwater storm immediately.

Sunny was not sure what would happen if Ananke failed to keep their boat above the waves, though, so he didn't feel too hopeful.

"Prepare yourselves."

The voice of the young priestess was grave, which created a strange dissonance with her adolescent appearance.

"Once we enter the storm, we won't be free of it for several days. It will be hard to endure the strain, even for Ascended like you, my Lord and Lady. Conserve your stamina. And essence, too."

She lingered for a few moments, and then added quietly:

"All kinds of things can happen... but fate will guide us. Have faith!"

Sunny gritted his teeth.

If there was one thing he did not have, and never wished to possess, it was faith. The only thing he believed in was the strength of his arms and the resilience of his spirit. But Ananke was different. If faith in Weaver could help her cope with the cruel truth of the world... then he didn't have the heart to diminish it with his words.

So, he remained silent.

'Let's survive this.'

Looking at the wooden dipper he had been given, Sunny sighed.

Who knew that he would miss traveling inside the giant alloy coffins of the House of Night one day?

The wall of darkness, meanwhile, was approaching.

The winds were growing more and more violent, their howls drowning out all other sounds. The current of the Great River had turned fast and erratic, carrying the ketch forward with frightening speed. Tall waves rose and fell, and the wooden boat rose and fell with them, strong impacts reverberating through his bones.

'Several days of this, huh?'

Sunny finally understood why Ananke had said that enduring the storm would not be easy even for the inhumanly strong and resilient Ascended like them.

Plus... it was not a mundane storm, either.

Eventually, the ketch plunged into a thick mist. A few moments before it did, the light of the seven suns suddenly grew strange and distorted, as if someone had covered the sky with a muddy prism.

Sunny's hair stood on end. He experienced a very eerie and uncomfortable sensation... a sensation of the laws of the world coming undone around him, maybe. Time, which had always been a constant, did not feel solid and reliable anymore.

Instead, it was wild and chaotic, playing strange games with his perception. Even the shadows surrounding him were fragmented and twisted, stretched endlessly or moving in an impossible manner.

It was rather... maddening. He felt nauseated.

And apart from this bizarre sense of wrongness, the ketch was being thrown around like a toy by the waves. His body was being jerked from side to side, up and down, experiencing moments of weightlessness and rough impacts. The winds were battering him, throwing streams of water at his face.

The roaring of the storm was deafening.

Blinded by the furiously swirling mist and the drops of water flying into his eyes, Sunny instantly felt miserable.

And afraid.

People had always been frightened in the face of raging nature. But here, it was not even nature - instead, the storm surrounding them was entirely unnatural.

It was just as harrowing, still.

...And it was only growing stronger. They were only at the outer boundary of the unnatural disaster.

As Sunny wondered how they were going to survive several days of this torture - if the ketch wasn't destroyed sooner, at that - he heard Ananke through the cacophony of the raging storm. The Names she had spoken were unfamiliar, and judging by the strain in her voice, they were not something the young priestess could easily use, or invoked often.

Nevertheless, after she spoke these Words, the nauseating distortion of the time storm seemed to have subsided a little. The ketch was still climbing the tall waves and plummeting from them, and the winds were still as violent as they had been a moment before... but the physical hardship of enduring their ruthless assault was at least tolerable.

It was as though an invisible bubble of more stable time appeared around the small ketch, keeping the worst of the chaos away.

Sunny turned his head to look at the young priestess.

Ananke was holding the steering oar with both hands, looking into the mist with a focused expression. Her youthful face was pale, but her azure eyes were full of stalwart determination. She controlled the ketch with a skill born from hundreds of years of living on the Great River, somehow guiding it through the towering waves and chaotic currents.

Then, he glanced at Nephis.

Her eyes were burning with white flame, the light fabric of her tunic fluttering in the wind.

Finally, Sunny looked down and let out a heavy breath.

Bending down, he scooped up the first portion of water and tossed it into the mist.

His hand trembled for a moment.

Were they really going to live through this?

Sunny had lived through a great deal of things, many of which no one had any business surviving. He had often imagined his death, as well.

In his imagination, that death always came at the hand of a powerful Nightmare Creature... or a similarly powerful human. Sometimes, he imagined dying of old age in a comfortable bed, too.

One thing Sunny very rarely imagined, if ever, was being killed by a dumb, mindless force of nature. Perhaps it was vain, considering the kinds of environments he often ended up in... but still, he was unwilling to succumb to something so senseless.

'I survived a fight with a Great Beast, damn it...'

Was he going to die because of a weird storm?

'Like hell I will.'

Not to mention that there were the lives of Nephis and Ananke to consider, too.

...Encouraging himself like this, Sunny endured another wave and scooped more water from the wet deck.

The mist swirled and boiled around them, and the small ketch was being pulled deeper and deeper into the storm.

**********


                                Chapter 1324 Relentless Battle
--------------------
The time storm raged all around them. The current of the Great River, which had always been calm and constant, turned into a furious tide… being carried and tossed around by it, the ketch flew forward with terrible speed. Tall waves rose and fell, and hurricane winds howled like frenzied beasts. Everything around them was drowning in a boiling fog. Blinded by it, deafened by the roaring thunderclaps, the three of them had lost all sense of time and direction.

There was only the feeling of the wet deck beneath their feet, the soaring and plummeting of the wooden boat, and the physical strain of enduring the cataclysmic fury of the storm. Faced with its inconceivable wrath, Sunny couldn't help but feel how tiny and insignificant he was in the face of the unnatural disaster. …And that was with Ananke holding the worst of it at bay, as well. The eerie, deeply distressing feeling of the immutable laws of the world turning vague and volatile was still there, muted but indescribably oppressive. He felt sickened, both physically and mentally. It was as if the solid foundation of his very being had suddenly been replaced by shifting quicksand, leaving him shaking and unstable.

Perhaps that was what madness felt like. 'Damnation…'

Steeling his heart, Sunny tried to ignore the appalling sensation and concentrated on his task — scooping up the water that had been thrown into the ketch by the storm and tossing it overboard. There was a lot of it, but he and Nephis could still keep up. It was just that… this simple task had turned out to be much more demanding than he expected. Simply existing in the wildly rocking boat was already an exercise in endurance. Considering the dire speed of the current and the height of the waves, it felt as though some demented giant was playing catch with their bodies, throwing them high up and then slamming them down with ferocious power.

Keeping his balance was not only tiring, but also difficult — every muscle in his body was under strain, seemingly at all times. The movements of the jerking ketch were chaotic and impossible to predict. However, failing to follow them was tantamount to death. If Sunny was not careful and failed to continuously adjust to the constant changes, he would be thrown down on the deck, or worse yet, tossed overboard into the seething water. And he had to do more than simply exist… he had to move, scoop up water, and throw it back into the raging river. …Of course, there were more efficient ways of accomplishing that task. He could do more, and do it better, with the help of Shadow Manifestation. But their struggle against the storm was going to be an arduous marathon, not a sprint. Currently, he felt only slightly tired. That tiredness was going to turn into a crippling exhaustion sooner rather than later — then, he was going to have to burn through his essence to keep his battered body moving, hoping against all hope that his reserves were deep enough. Wasting it on frivolous things would have been a shortsighted decision. 'I was wrong…'

Before they plunged into the storm, Sunny had noted that it was not a battle. But it was. It was just as physically straining, just as violent, and just as deadly. The difference was that he couldn't remember a battle that had lasted for many days without ever allowing the fighters to rest and breathe for even a minute. How dreadful would that be? At least the enemy was a mindless force of nature. An enemy like that did not require him to think too much, thus draining his mental powers. While arduous and exhausting, his task was not too far from being mechanical. Sunny still had to remain focused and actively pay attention to the motions of the ketch, but he didn't have to think, analyze the situation, and come up with lethal schemes. Same went for Nephis. Ananke, however…

Her task was much more difficult than theirs. Not only did the priestess have to maintain the mystical protections around the ketch, she was also responsible for steering it. The small boat would have already overturned a dozen times if not for the swift and precise judgment of their guide. Sunny looked back, at the small figure of the young girl who was holding the steering oar firmly, peering into the mist. Her face was pale, but her eyes were brimming with focused resolve. …He was worried about her. He was worried about a great deal of things. For example, about the fact that they were barely a few hours into the storm, with multiple days of this hell still remaining before the ketch escaped it. If nothing unexpected happened. 'One step at a time…'

One step at a time, one wave at a time, one thunderclap at a time. That was how they were going to survive the time storm. That was how Sunny and Nephis were going to survive the Third Nightmare, as well.

And after that…

Sunny did not have even the slightest idea what was going to happen after… if… he became a Saint. Not only to him, but also to humanity itself. The Great Clans were going to continue their war. The waking world would continue to crumble. The Nightmare Spell would continue to pull them all deeper and deeper into the mysterious machinations of the Demon of Fate. 'Let's survive the damned storm first!'

Cursing under his breath, he bent his knees to lessen the impact of the wooden deck hitting his feet, endured the ketch plummeting from the crest of a tall wave to crash violently into the water, then hurriedly threw several scoops of foaming water over the side of the boat. A few steps away, Nephis was doing the same. The world seemed to be coming undone all around them. Separated from the abyss of broken time only by the thin deck of a wooden boat, they sailed through the raging mist.

**********


                                Chapter 1325 Lawless Abyss
--------------------
Sunny had long lost the track of time... if it even existed in this furious abyss. The howling of the wind and the roar of harrowing thunderclaps had fused into a deafening cacophony, making his ears ring. His sight had been robbed by the boiling mist and the torrents of water. His lungs were on fire, and his muscles felt like they were on the verge of tearing.

It was not easy to bring an Ascend to such a sorry state through sheer physical hardship. But here he was, feeling like dying. With each passing hour... or minute, maybe... Sunny was using more and more essence to supplement his failing strength.

The ketch was still being carried by the tumultuous current, dancing between towering waves. The world was veiled by mist and darkness. He was still scooping up water, which was now sloshing around his ankles. The wooden dipper Ananke had given him had broken sometime ago, replaced by an iron bowl.

'How... much... longer?'

Sunny was not sure what he was trying to ask himself. How much longer before they escaped the storm, or before they drowned? In any case, he longed to drop on something solid... unmoving... and rest. Even if that rest would last forever.

The deck suddenly lurched upward, and he toppled, hitting it with his head. For a moment, Sunny saw stars. But even the stars were dancing wildly, tossed around by the cursed storm.

There was no answer. He had attempted to measure time by how fast his essence replenished, hoping that the Crown of Twilight would tell him when dawn and dusk came. But even the Great Memory succumbed to the vagaries of broken time. It activated and fell silent with no rhyme or reason, acting as bizarrely and chaotically as the deadly storm around them.

All that Sunny knew was that it had to be a day... two days, maybe?... since they had entered the wall of darkness, at least. Even though it felt like an eternity.

The only measure of the passage of time that Sunny and Nephis had was Ananke. Although... that, in and of itself, was one of the most frightening things.

The young priestess was still steering the ketch, now slumped and barely holding on to the oar. However, her appearance had changed. If before she looked like an adolescent girl in her late teens, now, she seemed more like a child, no more than twelve years old.

Ananke had always been a person of small stature, but at the moment, her body shrank even more. The dark mantle she wore looked almost comically large for her delicate frame, which seemed to drown in its folds.

Nevertheless, she never wavered in her duty, keeping their small boat afloat despite the harrowing fury of the Great River.

...Even knowing that the priestess was a couple of hundred years old, Sunny couldn't help but feel his heart tighten when he saw a child struggling against the same hell he and Nephis were being tortured by.

'Damn it, damn it, damn it...'

Picking himself up from the deck, Sunny gritted his teeth and continued to scoop the water up. The slower he was, the heavier the ketch would become... and the heavier it became, the more peril they would be in.

It was already a miracle that the old boat continued to withstand the ruthless cruelty of the storm.

It couldn't continue for much longer.

Not only because the wooden hull of the ketch could split apart at any moment, but also because the chaotic nature of the time storm was growing more and more eerie and violent around them.

Despite the bubble of stability created around the boat by Ananke, they could feel it. Sunny thought he saw strange shapes in the mist. At other times, he felt his own body and mind changing for a split second before reverting to their previous state.

The same was happening to Nephis. He wasn't sure if he was seeing things, but her figure and face seemed to be changing from time to time. Her silver hair always seemed to be of different lengths. Her beautiful face appeared as usual one moment...

Then, it would turn into the pale face of a drowned corpse for a fraction of a second, or become burned and charred beyond recognition.

As soon as he blinked, the changes would disappear, and Neph would turn into her usual self.

Shuddering, Sunny thought about what she saw when he looked at him.

Did she see his face become covered by countless scars, turning into a demented mask of mutilated flesh? His eyes changing to contain boundless madness?

But even that was not the scariest part of the time storm.

The scariest part... was that Sunny could hear the vague echoes whispered by a familiar voice, as if the Spell was talking to him.

Even they sounded senseless and twisted, broken beyond recognition, as though even the Nightmare Spell was not above being affected by the harrowing calamity.

He had seen it rendered powerless only once before... in the Red Colosseum, which had been created by Hope. According to Ananke, the time storms were echoes of the final battle between the daemons and the gods. Was it such a surprise, then, that the authority of the Nightmare Spell was disrupted by them?

After all, he had already known that its power was not absolute.

Pushing his exhausted body and struggling to withstand the relentless assault of the dreadful disaster, Sunny withstood a powerful blow of the hurricane wind and tossed another portion of water overboard.

'Absolute...'

A sudden thought occurred to him in the midst of the infernal tempest. He froze for a moment, desperately trying to catch his breath.

'...Was the Nightmare Spell Weaver's attempt at creating an absolute law of their own?'

He was so stunned by that idea that it even seemed like the storm disappeared for a moment. It was as though the howling of the wind subsided, and a deafening silence surrounded him.

No...

'What?'

It really did disappear.

Bright light suddenly pierced Sunny's eyes, and he hissed, covering them with a hand.

The violent rocking of the deck subsided, as well.

'Did... did we escape?!'

Sunny lowered his hand and looked at the horizon.

Then, he tiredly fell onto the deck.

In front of them was a vast expanse of perfectly still water. It was not just peaceful... it was actually unmoving.

For the first time since they had entered the Third Nightmare, the Great River stood still.

Bright sunlight was pouring from the clear azure sky, illuminating the dreamlike vista. Behind them, the time storm rose like a dark wall. In front of them, far away... was the same veil of darkness. It surrounded the vast circle of calm water like an ominous barrier, seething with rage.

The circle of calm water itself, meanwhile, was like a flawlessly flat mirror. It shone with reflected sunlight, making it seem as though they were drifting one the surface of a radiant star.

Sunny closed his eyes, then covered his face with both hands.

'No. No, we didn't escape anything.'

Instead, they only reached the eye of the storm.

**********


                                Chapter 1326 Eye of the Storm
--------------------
Drifting across the perfectly still surface of the water, the battered ketch slowly gained distance from the swirling wall of the dark mist. The raging winds died down, then disappeared altogether. A strange silence settled upon the world, as if they were caught in a gap between two moments.

Only the subtle ripples that spread through the radiant mirror of the frozen river's surface by the bow of the ketch showed that this hidden sanctuary was not entirely, and eternally, unchanging.

Sunny fell back and leaned tiredly on the side of the wooden boat. Breathing heavily, he looked at Nephis, then at Ananke. The silence was too sweet to break it with the sound of human voices. He was too exhausted to speak, as well... for a while, all three of them remained motionless, trying to recover from the torturous fury of the howling storm.

"We'll have to dive back into that hell, eventually."

The thought alone made Sunny shudder. Refusing to entertain it, he closed his eyes and slumped down, intending to rest for a few minutes.

Instead, he fell into the embrace of sleep almost immediately.

Perhaps because of Nightmare, or perhaps because even the Defiled Titans could not reach into the depths of the time storm, nothing visited him in his dreams.

...Sunny woke up with a start when a shadow fell on him. For a split second, he was afraid that they were back in the ruthless grinder of the time cataclysm, but it was only Nephis - she had walked to the bow of the ketch to look ahead, her face pale and her eyes sunken.

He stared at her for a few moments, then sighed and pulled himself upright.

"How long was I asleep?"

She lingered for a while.

"There's no way to tell."

Sunny frowned, confused by the odd answer. However, then he felt it himself... in the place where the deep discomfort of sensing the broken nature of time had been, there was now a strange emptiness. But it was not the familiar comfort of sensing the natural flow of time, either.

Instead, it was the absolute lack of it.

He frowned, realizing that he could not feel the passage of time at all. It was a truly bizarre sensation, one that could not be properly described with words. His heart was beating, and his chest rose and fell as he breathed - however, he did not know how long each heartbeat took, and how much time passed between each breath.

It could have been a moment, a minute, or a thousand years. It could have been an eternity.

Sunny grimaced.

'Damnation.'

What was happening now?

They were alive, strangely enough... at least it seemed that way. His body ached all over, still reeling from the terrible strain of surviving the storm. Such pain was something that only the living felt.

Sunny turned to Ananke, wanting to ask the priestess a few questions, but remained silent in the end.

His expression darkened.

The priestess looked even younger than she had the last time he saw her. Now, she resembled a girl of ten years of age, at most. Her ebony hair was short and unruly, and her lovely face had become round and immature, with clear blue eyes and cheeks that had yet to lose all of their baby plumpness.

Ananke was sitting on the helmsman's bench, her feet dangling above the deck. Noticing his gaze, she picked up the folds of her comically oversized mantle and jumped down.

"Greetings, my Lord."

Her pleasant voice had grown childish and awkward.

Sunny hesitated, staring at the young girl. She looked nothing short of adorable... however, he did not feel uplifted by the cute sight. Instead, his heart felt as heavy as a mountain.

If... when they broke free of the storm, would Ananke even be able to return to Weave on her own?

He glanced at Nephis, who stood with her back to them, then sighed.

'We'll think of something.'

Then, Sunny turned to the child priestess and asked:

"What is going on, exactly?"

She smiled sweetly, her azure eyes sparkling, two dimples appearing on her plump cheeks.

"We are in the eye of the storm, my Lord. Time is frozen still here. It is not dangerous... I think. It's just that..."

He was momentarily distracted from her words by a subtle movement in the water. The strange thing, though... was that he did not sense any shadows shifting.

Turning his head, Sunny glanced outside the ketch. The surface of the Great River was perfectly clear and flat, turning into a giant mirror. The azure sky reflected in it seamlessly, suffused with bright sunlight. It was as though the entire world was shining with a splendid radiance.

The sight of it was like a vision from a beautiful dream. However...

There was something beneath the radiance.

Sunny heard Ananke end the sentence as he peered through the light:

"...we shouldn't look at the water."

Her warning came a split second too late.

The scream died in his throat as he saw...

A pale figure moving across the surface of the water with calamitous killing intent, shrouded in countless layers of furious darkness. That rippling darkness was boundless and unfathomable, containing within itself an infinite number of choices. The features of the harrowing figure were vague and obscured, and all he could see...

Was a pair of terrible wings, their feathers black like those of a raven. They spread, vast enough to devour the sky, and drowned the world in howling mist.

...Staggering back, Sunny fell to his knees and vomited blood. Two streams of it burst from his nose, too. Blood Weave, which would usually prevent something like this, was reeling in stupor, and so was he. It was as though his mind had suffered a tremendous shock from witnessing the dark figure... and sensing the harrowing depth of its obliterating killing intent.

Hurting and disoriented, Sunny wiped the blood off his face and spat.

"What... what the hell is that?!"

Ananke remained silent for a while, uncharacteristically solemn.

Then, she said in a low voice:

"Those... are reflections of the gods, my Lord. And of the daemons that slayed them..."

**********


                                Chapter 1327 Frozen Reflections
--------------------
Sunny wiped the blood off his lips and remained motionless for a while, staring at the wooden deck. There was an irate expression on his face, and when he threw a furtive glance to the side, his body trembled slightly.

"That's... great."

'The reflections of the gods and daemons...'

It made sense, in the senseless kind of way that seemed to be prevalent here in the Tomb of Ariel. The time storms were echoes of the final battles between the daemons and the gods. They had been created when the aftershocks of those unimaginable clashes reached the Great River through the titanic walls of the black pyramid.

So... it wasn't that unusual that there were reflections of the awesome deities still remaining in the eye of the storm, where time was frozen still.

Whose figure had Sunny witnessed just now?

Nephis, it seemed, also wanted to know.

"What did you see?"

Her voice sounded nonchalant, but he could tell that she was curious.

Sunny groaned and sat down, then summoned the Endless Spring to take a sip of water. Washing the taste of blood off his tongue, he lingered for a moment and said in a somber tone:

"I think I just saw Nether in full war mode, going all out."

The harrowing figure which was shrouded in darkness... Sunny was not certain, but he felt that it was the Prince of the Underworld, Nether - the Demon of Destiny - himself.

After all, he was also the Demon of Choice. And that was what Sunny had sensed within the boundless expanse of rippling darkness, an infinite amount of choices. True darkness also originated from the mists of the Hollow Mountains, where Nether's domain lay.

'Curse it.'

Sunny had seen a daemon before. However, he had not been reduced to such a sorry state after meeting Hope face-to-face. Why was gazing upon the Prince of the Underworld so different?

'I guess it was not seeing him... it was feeling an echo of his killing intent.'

Nether's murderous will was so terrifying that simply looking at his reflection almost killed Sunny. And that was considering that he was an Ascended Tyrant, too... if a mundane person had glimpsed the visage of the infuriated daemon, they would have probably dropped dead at the spot, simple as that.

'Scary...'

Sunny turned to Nephis and smiled weakly.

"Neph... remind me to never get on the bad side of a deity."

She raised an eyebrow slightly, giving him a dubious look.

'What is that supposed to mean?'

Ignoring his request, Nephis shook her head and asked:

"So what did he look like? The Demon of Destiny?"

She had spent her Second Nightmare in the Underworld, so she must have been dying to know.

Sunny remained silent for a moment. Eventually, he shrugged.

"I have no idea. I only saw a pair of raven wings, and a figure moving within a shroud of terrifying darkness. That was pretty much it. Ah... but it was also enough to almost make me pass out, so..."

He looked at Ananke and asked:

"Are all gods and daemons reflected in these waters?"

The child priestess seemed unsure.

"I don't know, my Lord. Perhaps they are - all except Weaver, who did not participate in the Doom War. War God, Sun God, Beast God, Storm God, Heart God, and Shadow God... their reflections should be here. The same goes for the daemons - the Demon of Desire, the Demon of Dread, the Demon of Choice, the Demon of Imagination, and the Demon of Repose. Oh... and the sixth one. Uh... I seemed to be forgetting her title..."

Ananke's childish voice grew quiet with embarrassment, and then ceased completely.

Sunny stared at her for a few moments.

'Right. The sixth one should be Oblivion. Oblivion is a she, huh?'

Then... he knew the titles of all seven daemons now, didn't he?

Weaver, the Demon of Fate... the oldest of the seven. Hope, the Demon of Desire - although she was also often called Desire, the Demon of Hope, which was not confusing at all. Then there was Ariel, the Demon of Dread, and the Demon of Oblivion, whose name had been forgotten by all. Nether, the Demon of Destiny - or Choice - was the youngest.

The last two he had never heard of before. The Demon of Imagination and the Demon of Repose...

'Weird!'

Their titles did not sound particularly... demonic at all. He had expected something disastrous and terrifying, like the Demon of Strife or the Demon of Frenzy. The daemons had been feared above all other lesser deities, after all, and perhaps even more than the gods.

The word for imagination could also be translated as illusion, vision, or sight. The word for repose could also be translated as renewal, rejuvenation, and restoration.

What was so frightening about these things?

'Well... imagination can indeed be scary, I guess. I can also imagine how ceaseless renewal might end up becoming a nightmare, sort of.'

Nevertheless, the two daemons were a complete mystery to him.

...To be honest, all seven daemons were a mystery, as were all six gods.

'If only there was a place where I could learn a bit about each of them, including how they looked and fought. Right?'

Sunny glanced at the radiant water, suddenly consumed not only by dread, but also by burning curiosity.

It was all right here, one look away...

Shuddering, Sunny forced himself to turn away.

'What are you doing, fool?'

He was in the Tomb of Ariel, of all places. A titanic pyramid built to bury the truths that even one of these ineffable beings had not been able to bear, and where the knowledge of those truths gave birth to the Defilement.

If Sunny failed to understand that not all truths were meant to be learned in such a place, then he really did not deserve to be alive.

'Ah... what a disappointment.'

Why wasn't there a Demon of Curiosity? Curiosity was a much more terrifying thing than imagination and repose, as far as he was concerned.

Looking at the embarrassed Ananke, he sighed and shook his head.

"The sixth daemon is Oblivion. Don't worry... it's her nature to be easily forgotten. You already did well by remembering that there was one more of them, really."

The child priestess hesitated for a while, then nodded with a smile.

"Right! Thank you, my Lord."

Trying not to look too closely at the surface of the water, Sunny turned away and peered into the distance, where the dark wall of the time storm towered like a boundary of the world.

His expression dulled.

The moment of respite in the eye of the storm was welcome and unexpected... but it was also doomed to be brief.

Soon, they would have to challenge the fury of the unnatural cataclysm once again.

The thought made him shudder

**********


                                Chapter 1328 Serene Peril
--------------------
It was peaceful in the eye of the storm, if a little bit eerie. The strange lack of the sensation of time had been uncomfortable at first, but Sunny quickly found himself forgetting that time had ever existed at all. The view of the azure sky reflecting on the perfectly calm water was beautiful and tranquil. The silence was like a lullaby, making him feel at ease. Sunny had not felt such peace in a long, long while…

There was no need to hurry, and no possibility to do so anyway. Without telling how long their actions took, they could not know whether they were being slow or swift either. So, it was fine to just let go and remain still for a bit, enjoying the serene stillness of the world…

Which was why Sunny soon found himself feeling cold dread. 'N-not… this is not good…'

It was just too easy to be lulled into inaction in this strange and frozen place. At some point, Sunny realized that he did not know how long he had remained sitting with his back against the side of the ketch, without a thought in his head. His eyes widened slightly. If they weren't careful… would they end up frozen forever in the eye storm, too, just like everything else was frozen in this tranquil haven?

Shuddering, he turned to Ananke and asked:

"How long has it been since we reached this place?"

She helplessly shook her small head. "I don't know, my Lord."

He hesitated. "How long before we dive back into the storm, then?"

The child priestess peered into the distance. Her large blue eyes darkened somewhat. Nevertheless, she said resolutely:

"We'll leave as soon as possible. Time might be frozen here, but it still flows outside. It is better not to linger… otherwise, Fallen Grace might already be destroyed when we finally escape the disaster, and I would have failed in my task."

Sunny let out a relieved sigh. 'Right… it is not too bad.'

They had not been caught in the trap of frozen time yet. Ananke was proof — she had grown a bit younger after they had entered the eye of the storm, meaning that the circle of tranquil water was moving in relation to the unceasing current of the Great River. Since she had not turned even younger yet, they couldn't have been idling in the serene silence for too long. She was like their anchor in this beautiful and insidiously dreadful place. 'Thank the gods…'

Sunny suddenly wanted to laugh. He could have never imagined that he would be desperate to dive back into the nightmarish havoc of the deathly storm, but here it was, the desire to escape the tranquil circle of frozen time, fast. The future was truly unknowable, and one could never say never. Nephis stirred at the bow of the ketch and looked at them, her expression stiff. "I've been keeping an eye on the wall of the storm. We have drawn closer to the outer boundary, somewhat… but without the current, the ketch is moving too slowly. In fact, it is not moving at all. We will have to raise the sails and summon the wind."

It seemed that she had never lost track of their goal. Sunny sighed. The nature of time might have changed, but Neph never did… at least the deepest reaches of her heart did not. She was still just like she had been all those years ago, beneath the branches of the Soul Devouring Tree. Back then, she had also spent all her time on the shore of the Ashen Barrow, looking west — even if she couldn't quite remember why.

Her single-minded determination was something to rely on, as well.

It was ironic, really… a girl whose fate it was to bring change was the most unchanging thing in Sunny's life. As he was thinking that, Ananke's shoulders fell slightly. "Yes, my Lady. Just give me a moment, and I…"

Nephis shook her head. "No. I will summon the wind, and I will steer the ketch. I will guide us out of the storm when we enter it, as well."

The child priestess looked up at her with a startled expression. "But, my Lady!"

Neph stared at her somberly for a few moments, her gaze heavy. Eventually, she said bluntly:

"You have grown too weak, Ananke. I am sorry. Your body is not strong enough to handle the strain. You can't even reach the deck with your feet while sitting on the helmsman's bench… how are you going to control the oar?"

She looked down, then sighed. Walking up to the child priestess, Nephis patted her on the shoulder and forced out a smile. "Don't worry. Isn't that why you taught me? You taught me well. I will steer the ketch while you keep the broken time at bay. Each of the three of us will make sure that we escape the storm alive."

With that, she threw a poignant look at Sunny. He felt sorry for Ananke, but knew that Nephis was right. Their guide… was not capable of guiding the boat through a raging storm anymore. Even if it hurt her pride and went against her determination, it was time for the two of them to protect Ananke instead of being protected by her. They had to make sure that she survived the storm. And after that… they had to make sure that she had the means of returning to Weave, too. 'How did everything become so complicated…'

The damned storm had thoroughly destroyed their plans. Now, all they could do was finish their battle against it, and then come up with new ones. The strain on Sunny was going to increase, considering that he would be draining the water from the ketch alone this time. But he would have to manage, somehow. If there was one consolation, it was that half of the journey was already behind them. Knowing that each minute brought them closer to safety, he wouldn't need to preserve his essence as much. Sunny smiled, then clapped his hands. "Alright! Let's get out of the eye of the storm first. Honestly, this beautiful place… is way too creepy. I'll feel better once we're drowning in raging water and being battered by devastating winds. Wouldn't you?"

Not to mention that he was still struggling against an overwhelming desire to peer into the reflections frozen in the still water, consequences be damned.

Ananke lowered her head, despondent, but there was nothing she could say. Her small frame was indeed not suitable for steering the ketch through the powerful storm anymore. Transcendent or not, she was still a child now. Feeling a sense of urgency, the three of them struggled against the lulling tranquility of the frozen time and hurried themselves, hoping to return to the crushing embrace of the storm as soon as possible.

**********


                                Chapter 1329 Last Hurdle
--------------------
As Nephis steered the ketch toward the wall of darkness, Sunny had some time to prepare himself mentally for the arduous struggle that lay ahead of them. He also had time to observe Ananke closer. What he saw… did not bode well. Despite being an adult — and someone hundreds of years old, at that — the priestess had regained the body of a young child. Looking at her youthful appearance, it was hard to remember how ancient, decrepit, and frail she had been once, when they met her in the far future.

But the change was not exactly a benevolent one. Despite being full of vitality, Ananke had obviously grown much weaker. Her immature body was not as strong and physically capable as it had been before… but, worse than that, the differences went deeper than that. As Sunny observed the child priestess, he slowly realized that her mind had been affected by her turning into a child, as well. It was as though her head could not contain the mature consciousness of an experienced adult anymore. Nor could her heart handle the powerful emotions of one with the same composure. Ananke had not really turned dull or less intelligent, but… there was a certain infantile straightforwardness to how she spoke and behaved now. Her eyes, which had always been wise, seemed slightly naive, as well. Her mind slowly regressing. Sunny felt cold claws grip his heart. 'Curse it…'

He gritted his teeth and looked down, but then forced himself to straighten. 'Fine. It's fine. She has taken care of us enough… we'll take care of her, now.'

Of course, they still needed the child priestess to protect the ketch from the ravages of broken time. Sunny hoped that she would be able to maintain the bubble of stability around the ketch — both for their sake, and her own.

Once they were out of the storm, they would find a way to help her return to Weave, even if it meant turning around and sailing back upstream. His heavy thoughts were interrupted by a sudden breeze that threw tiny droplets of water into his face. Sunny looked up, sensing the shadows around them shift. 'We're here…'

The wall of darkness was already drawing close. "Hurry!"

Nephis dismissed the winds she had summoned and hurried to the middle of the ketch. Together, they swiftly lowered the sails and dismantled the masts, repeating the actions they had performed before entering the storm for the first time. By the time they were done, the water around them was not still anymore. Although weak, there was a hint of a current, pulling them toward the seething wall of dark mist. The light of the seven suns slowly dimmed, and the winds grew more violent. Sunny grimaced, sensing the bizarre transition from the absence of time to the unnerving mess of it being broken and volatile. 'Come on, Ananke…'

Despite his worries, the child priestess performed her task just as flawlessly as she had before. Submitting to her will, the feeling of time having gone mad diminished, allowing him to breathe freely. The nauseating feeling of fundamental wrongness in the world was still there, but bearable. Sunny quietly cursed. 'Argh. I have not missed that sensation…'

The current was growing faster and faster, the still surface of the water becoming restless. Finally, waves appeared, small and weak at first, then chaotic and powerful. Standing at the stern of the ketch, Nephis steered it with an iron hand. Sparks of white flame danced in her eyes, refusing to be devoured by the encroaching darkness. 'Here we go…'

The darkness swallowed the world once again. The tranquil silence was torn apart, replaced by the furious howling of the wind. The deck of the ketch jerked, mounting a tall wave. A thunderous thunderclap shook the world. 'This is it. The last hurdle!'

Looking into the nightmarish abyss of the storm, Sunny found Ananke's shoulder and pulled her closer to him, so that she wouldn't be thrown overboard by the violent waves. Looking down, he hesitated for a few moments, and then smiled. "Don't worry. It will be fine… I once rode a Saint into the depths of the ocean to fight a Corrupted Terror, you know? That was way scarier than this."

Ananke stared at him with her large azure eyes, and then nodded.

"Yes, my Lord!"

Sunny grinned, then picked up the iron bowl and prepared to scoop up as much water as he could. 'Granted… I only survived fighting the Sybil of the Fallen Grace by luck. And now I need to survive this storm, somehow, to meet her again. What a ridiculous turn of events, really…"

It was indeed a bit ridiculous. However, Sunny did not feel like laughing.

The storm swallowed them like a giant beast. The ketch flew on the raging current, dwarfed by towering waves. The swirling mist enveloped the world, making it seem as though nothing except for the terrible disaster remained within the Tomb of Ariel. The insidious tranquility of the eye of the storm seemed as though it had never existed. They had left its shelter, as well as the reflections of the gods and the daemons, behind.

Sunny would have felt regret at the missed opportunity to learn divine secrets, but he had no time to think about such things. Bending down, he scooped up the first portion of water and tossed it back into the mist. His body did not ache… for now. His reserves of essence were not empty, for now. His mind was not numbed by the sickening feeling of time breaking apart, for now. All these torments would come soon. And then, hopefully, he would leave them behind as well. To make space for some new horrors, without a doubt. But one day, at the end of it all…

A bright future awaited him. Maybe. For now, however, what lay ahead was the past. Sunny had to travel far into the past, meet Dusk of the Fallen Grace, find the members of the cohort, and conquer this damned Nightmare. Shielding his face from the devastating blow of the wind, he gritted his teeth. 'Ah, really now…'

They were braving a storm of broken time in the company of a two-hundred-year-old child, who was a priestess of the Nightmare Spell. Sunny chuckled. '...No one is going to believe this crap!'

**********


                                Chapter 1330 Floodgates
--------------------
The time storm seemed even more violent the second time around. The deafening howling of the wind had grown deeper and louder, sounding more like a monstrous roar now. It was as if an enormous beast was struggling to break free of its chains somewhere below the waves, its voice reverberating across the entire world and shaking the heavens.

The sky itself seemed like it had been torn asunder and collapsed. A flood of boiling mist poured through its broken dam, devouring the seething surface of the Great River. The tiny speck of the wooden ketch flew through the howling abyss, surrounded by frenzied darkness. Sometimes, a thunderous crack would drown out the fury of the storm, as if the pillars of the world were fracturing and crumbling apart.

Then, a blinding flash of lightning would momentarily illuminate the turbulent expanse of dark water. Hidden by the mist, colossal waves rose and fell like black mountains, carrying with them an obliterating weight.

And those were only the outward manifestations of the harrowing storm. Sunny did not know what kind of destructive forces were clashing in the depths of the river below the ketch, but he could feel the nature of time turning more and more twisted around them. Even protected by Ananke, he could feel his body and mind twist and crack with it.

'Argh...'

He failed to contend with the furious power of the wild current and was sent tumbling, colliding with the side of the ketch. Blinded by pain and ignoring it, Sunny reached out and caught the child priestess before she was washed overboard.

The ropes connecting them to the ketch became entangled, but it was the least of his problems right now.

The wooden boat was creaking and groaning around them, seemingly on the verge of breaking apart. Nephis had firmly planted herself at the stern, holding onto the steering oar with all her might. White flames were dancing in her eyes, and soft radiance rose from her skin, made vague and unclear by the veil of mist.

The ketch was falling from a towering wave, and Sunny felt weightless for a moment. His body was actually separated from the deck, drifting upward - he had to activate the Feather of Truth and make himself heavier in order to not be tossed into the air.

Placing himself between the wooden deck and Ananke, Sunny gritted his teeth. A moment later, the crushing impact of the fall came, knocking the wind out of him.

Hurt, suffocating, he whispered a quiet curse.

The ketch was filling up with water. How was he supposed to drain it if he couldn't even remain standing?

They had done well up until now... it was impossible to tell how long their dreadful journey through the storm had lasted, but judging by how tired and battered his body was, it couldn't have been a small amount of time. Despite that, there was no sign of the furious disaster growing any weaker.

In fact, it was only becoming more violent and dire. And now, his strength was failing him.

'I can't resist it with just my body anymore...'

Sunny knew that he had to conserve his essence as much as possible, yet the situation had become too desperate. Even if it was too soon, there was no other choice but to burn the bridges and open the floodgates, hoping that the storm would subside sooner than his reserves ran dry.

If not...

"It's going to be alright, Ananke... we'll just have to hold on for a little bit more..."

His whisper was too quiet for the child priestess to hear through the deafening roaring of the storm, but it made him feel stronger.

Pushing himself off the deck, Sunny threw a somber glance at Nephis.

Changing Star was standing at the stern of a ketch like a beautiful statue, surrounded by a white halo. Her slender figure, silhouetted by the fluttering fabric of the windswept tunic, was the only source of light in the ocean of seething darkness. Her face was pale and motionless, turned into a porcelain mask by the torment of her torturous Flaw.

Neph's eyes were grim and radiant, burning with furious resolve and cold determination.

She was struggling just as much as he was.

She was also just as stubborn and relentless as he was.

Together... they were going to overcome this terrible storm, despite it all.

Sunny pushed air into his burning lungs.

"And then for a little bit more... and a little bit more..."

Sparks of light ignited in the mist around him, coalescing into several Memories.

First, a serpentine crown of black metal appeared on his head. Then, a flute carved out of emerald bone appeared in his hand.

Sunny took a deep breath and activated the [Royal Promise] enchantment of the Crown of Twilight. Immediately, he felt a subtle connection form between him and the seething waters of the Great River. That connection was weak and insignificant... but it was strong enough for his goals.

Commanding the water like he did shadows, Sunny willed it to move.

The foaming water that filled the insides of the ketch, already reaching above his shins, suddenly stirred. Flowing in reverse, it tentatively crawled up the sides of the boat and spilled into the turbulent darkness beyond. One second passed, then another... a few heartbeats later, the remaining water was already not as deep as it had been before.

This method was certainly much more convenient than draining it one scoop of the iron bowl at a time. On the downside, he could feel his essence disappearing with a frightening speed, as well as a heavy strain pressing down on his already reeling mind.

'Heavy... it's heavy...'

Gritting his teeth, Sunny persisted. At the same time, he brought Bone Singer to his lips and blew into it. The next moment, a dome of blessed silence enveloped the ketch, sparing their ears from the staggering cacophony of the storm.

The sudden lack of deafening noise left him stunned.

Swaying, Sunny fell heavily to the deck and grabbed onto the side of the ketch, holding himself in place.

Outside, the havoc of the time cataclysm was the same. The small boat was still being tossed around by the raging current, flying up the towering waves and then plummeting down.

But inside, at least for a little while, there was silence and peace.

Taking a shaky breath, Sunny lowered his head and wondered how long he would be able to keep this peace in existence.

'Not long... it won't be long at all...'

**********

