Shadow Slave - PART 136
Chapters 1351 to 1360
==============================


                                Chapter 1351 Beware of Future Versions of Yourself Bearing Gift
--------------------
The Sin of Solace

These words were clearly a part of the ghostly spellweave of the Estuary Key. Sunny stared at them intently, feeling a strange mix of confusion, curiosity... and dread.

What the hell was the meaning of this?

Shifting slightly, he looked at the sword wraith. The apparition stood in the shadows, wearing a bored and resentful expression. Sunny had grown so accustomed to the company of the Sin of Solace - first in the form of a disembodied voice, then of a vague figure, and finally of a perfect reflection of himself - that he rarely paid it much attention these days.

But the sword wraith was not at all benevolent or harmless. In fact, he was a sinister and insidious being, spawned from the whisper of a fearsome daemon and meant to drive the wielder of the sword mad.

The fact that Sunny still had his sanity intact... or rather, somewhat intact... was only due to his extraordinary mental resilience and resistance to mind attacks. Most humans would have already been turned into raving lunatics by the jade jian.

Sunny, though? Apart from looking like a madman from time to time due to an outwardly strange habit of talking to himself, he only found the presence of the Sin of Solace frustrating, nothing more.

'...Is there more to this damned curse?'

He knew that the apparition would never give an honest answer, but nevertheless asked:

"There's no reason your name would be etched into the weave of the Estuary Key, is there?"

The sword wraith gave him a disdainful look.

"I don't know. Maybe there is... you're the great sorcerer, so you tell me."

Sunny took a deep breath.

"You are keeping a lot of secrets these days, huh? Makes me wonder if I should just feed you to Nightmare. Better safe than sorry, that is what they say."

The Sin of Solace laughed.

"Go ahead, get rid of your most powerful offensive Memory. Why not? You're going to die in this Nightmare, anyway. In fact, I encourage you to destroy me! Oh... do you think that I want to be here? Gods, no."

He grinned.

"Ah, but there's a problem. Are you sure that destroying the sword will get rid of me? It might, it might... but then again, maybe it won't. Maybe the damage to your mind has already been done, and we are stuck together for the rest of your short, distasteful, pitiful life. What a cruel fate!"

Sunny gritted his teeth.

Indeed... he couldn't afford to destroy the Sin of Solace, and neither was he certain that doing so would banish the apparition. They were truly stuck with each other, at least for now.

'And I won't get any information out of the bastard, either.'

So... there were only two ways to solve the mystery of the Estuary Key and its connection to the Sin of Solace. One was to find the great sorcerer who had created the ominous Memory. The other was to deduce the truth, somehow.

Sunny looked away with a somber expression.

'Now that I know that the Sin of Solace has something to do with the Estuary Key...'

He suddenly felt cold.

After entering the Nightmare and discovering that he had somehow come into possession of a Supreme Memory, Sunny made several theories about how it could have ended up in his Soul Sea. One of them was that the Soul Serpent had slain a Great Nightmare Creature out there in the real world...

The other was that it was Sunny himself who had created the Estuary Key far in the future but somehow received it in the present due to the strange nature of the Great River.

And now that he had learned certain facts and knew that the name of the Sin of Solace was etched into the weave of the unexplainable Memory, a chilling suspicion was getting harder and harder to deny.

Looking down, Sunny slowly clenched his fists.

'It was him... the Mad Prince. He must be the one who created the Estuary Key.'

Simply thinking these words made him shudder.

But it was just too compelling of a theory to discard. Sunny had suspected that the mysterious Memory had been created by a future version of himself. He also suspected that the Mad Prince was one of his possible futures.

So, wouldn't it be logical to assume that the future version of himself who had created the Estuary Key was the Mad Prince?

The name of the Sin of Solace etched into the weave, the ghostly strings of shadow essence, the unexplainable nature of the Key... and the strange words describing it.

The answer is oblivion.

'It had to have been him.'

How many weavers were there who could create threads out of shadow essence?

Sunny was certain of it.

Then... what exactly did it mean?

'If that abomination really created the Estuary Key...'

Did it prove that Sunny was really inhabiting the body of one of the Six Plagues? That would certainly make things easier for the cohort. One adversary was already gone, after all. And it didn't even have to be just one... what if each of the members of the cohort had been sent into the bodies of these powerful Defiled?

...Actually, that was a chilling thought. Because while it would really be wonderful to not have to deal with the Six Plagues, it also meant that the other members had been sent directly to the heart of the Defilement, the city of Verge. The Mad Prince was the only one of the Defiled champions who had traveled into the far reaches of the future, after all, from what Sunny knew.

Surely, the Nightmare Spell wouldn't have been so unjust in setting up its trial.

Still, if Sunny had indeed taken the role of the abomination from the future... he could also tentatively explain the sudden change of the Sin of Solace.

Why had the sword wraith suddenly grown to look so vivid and real at the start of the Nightmare, almost indistinguishable from the real thing?

Was it, perhaps, because Sunny had actually inherited not one, but two things from the Mad Prince? One was the Estuary Key... while the other was the Sin of Solace.

What if the sword wraith that had greeted him in the Nightmare came from the future, just like the Estuary Key? What if the Sin of Solace had been by his side all the way to becoming Defiled and then spending gods knew how much time haunting the Great River? Hundreds of years, at least, judging by how superior the madman's weaving was to Sunny's own.

...And had been then passed down to the younger version of its corrupted master through some bizarre anomaly or dark scheme.

The apparition had let it slip that he knew the Mad Prince by interfering with the dream where the abomination's vestige showed up. Was that why?

Sunny scowled.

Suddenly, the idea of feeding the jade sword to his Shadows did not seem so crazy anymore.

'I'll wait and see.'

Sunny glared at the Sin of Solace, distrustful and wary.

Glaring at him back, the sword wraith grinned.

"Look at you, figuring things out. Ah... there's really no sight more comical than a fool who thinks that he's smart. Wouldn't you agree?"

Sunny grimaced and remained silent. Was that a confirmation? Or simple mockery?

He gritted his teeth, knowing that there was no way to tell.

**********


                                Chapter 1352 Nearing the Edge
--------------------
In the end, Sunny failed to get the wraith to say anything informative. Just as usual, all the answers he received were either vague and misleading, or outright insults that had nothing to do with the question.

Later, in a somber mood, he left the shadow of the sacred tree and walked around the ship, examining its state. Sunny felt odd in light of the things he had learned and suspected to be true.

'Ah, it's infuriating.'

He seemed to have stumbled on the truth, or rather, on a big chunk of the truth. However, there were still plenty of missing parts, and those were the parts that contained the most important answers.

His mind was spinning, coming up with one baseless theory after another. Sunny was unable to glean the true meaning of it all, but what he did manage to do was completely exhaust himself mentally.

Eventually, feeling foul, he threw the manic desire to get to the bottom of things right here and now out of his head and settled near the ketch to start weaving another Memory for Nightmare.

The fiery sunset lasted for the entirety of the day, and was then replaced by the ghostly radiance of the night. Here in the western reaches of the Great River, even the opalescence of the water was different. It was shifting between deep carmine, vibrant crimson, and rich maroon... as if they were truly sailing on a river of blood.

The nights they had witnessed before were dreamlike, but this one... this one was like a scene from a darkly beautiful nightmare.

Sunny and Nephis had not slept for a single moment, too wary to close their eyes.

In the morning, the impenetrable darkness of the night was once again replaced by a blazing sunset. It seemed like one of the seven suns was always within reach, drowning in the currents of time.

The further west they sailed, the dimmer the light became. Eventually, they were surrounded by a fiery dusk.

"Sunny... isn't the current strange?"

Neph's voice sounded tense.

Currently, he was holding the steering oar, while she was leaning over the railing nearby.

Confused, Sunny sent one of his shadows to take a look overboard. It took him a long time to understand what had alarmed Nephis.

'Strange.'

The current of the Great River... was changing.

Ever since they entered the Tomb of Ariel, it had always flowed in the same direction. But now, it seemed as if the currents were twisting, not only carrying the Chain Breaker forward, but also slightly pulling it to the side.

In the direction of the setting sun.

He gripped the oar tighter.

"We must be nearing the edge."

The Great River was vast and flowed endlessly... but it was not limitless. That was one of the first things they had asked Ananke, hoping that there was a shore somewhere in this inhospitable world.

...But there was no shore.

Instead, the Great River was limited from west and east - from dusk and dawn, as the River People called these directions - but a bottomless dark abyss. It was as though the river flowed through nothing, suspended in the void by the power of the Demon of Dread.

And so, there was an edge instead of the shore. A colossal and unceasing waterfall where the waters of time spilled into the abyss and disappeared into the boundless darkness. Sailing close to the edge was tantamount to suicide.

They had not reached the truly dangerous waters yet - otherwise, the currents would have already been pulling the Chain Breaker toward the abyss with ferocious force - but the subtle change in the direction of where the water flowed indicated that the edge was already not too far away.

Which was good news.

Because it meant that they were even closer to Fallen Grace.

...And Dusk, the last sybil of the Estuary.

Sunny inhaled deeply.

"Check the navigation tools again. It would be really awful if we overshoot Fallen Grace and end up deeper into the past than intended."

That would have been bad, indeed, considering that there was no one except Defiled further downstream than the last human city.

If the last human city was still standing...

Sunny frowned, remembering the time storm. They did not really know how long they had spent fighting against its rage, and especially how long they had spent in the eerily tranquil eye of the roving cataclysm, trying their hardest not to look at the water.

Who knew? Fallen Grace might have been consumed by the Defilement, already.

Even if it wasn't, there was no telling whether Dusk was friend or foe, let alone whether she was the one who had sent Ananke the message to find them through the dreams.

They had to be ready for battle.

While Nephis was trying to determine their location with the help of the navigation tools, Sunny silently gave his Shadows a series of commands.

Standing at the bow of the graceful ship, Saint released her darkness with indifferent poise. Nightmare stirred in the shadows, his crimson eyes igniting with dangerous light. Fiend rose from the deck, infernal flames burning behind the black faceplate of his fearsome helmet.

Soon, Nephis put the tools away and looked downstream.

"Everything seems fine. We should be very near... of course, the city might have migrated in any direction by now. Still, it couldn't have moved far without sacrificing its entire population of Riverborn."

Sunny nodded slowly. Indeed... although the floating cities of the Great River civilization could theoretically travel as far as their inhabitants wished, in reality, they were bound in place by the lifespans of the Riverborn. Migrations happened over the span of generations, not months or years.

"Replace me at the oar."

Nephis silently stepped into the runic circle, freeing Sunny. Right now, he was a more efficient fighter between the two of them...

More importantly, he had no idea how to berth a ship. If the people of Fallen Grace were indeed friendly... it would be really embarrassing to crash into their pier first thing after arriving.

'Yeah... I'll handle the fighting, if it comes to that.'

Sunny secretly looked around, checking what the Sin of Solace was doing. Making sure that the sword wraith wasn't up to no good, he let out a mental sigh of relief and extended his shadow sense as far as he could.

After that, all they could do was wait.

An hour passed in tense silence, then another. The drag of the abyss was still mild, but it was slowly growing faster. Surrounded by eternal sunset, Sunny found it hard to measure time.

The Chain Breaker sailed through crimson dusk. The waters of the Great River reflected the burning sky, and seemed to be engulfed in flames themselves in turn.

Then, finally, Saint shifted and slightly turned her head.

...In the distance, Sunny saw a spark of light shining above the horizon. Somewhere out there, a white flame was burning at the top of a tall lighthouse.

They had found the last human city in the Tomb of Ariel, it seemed...

After months of wandering the perilous expanse of the Tomb of Ariel, they had reached Fallen Grace.

**********


                                Chapter 1353 Tattered Sails
--------------------
There had been a time when Cronos possessed a youthful body and an even younger soul. His soul was still young, all things considered, but his body had turned decrepit and frail. It was full of aches, felt stiff in the mornings, and had to be handled with care.

Still, there were pleasant things about being old, as well. Cronos had burned with all kinds of hopes and desires when he was young, but now that he was in his twilight years, life was calm and peaceful. Or rather, his feelings about life were calm and peaceful... or was it one and the same? Since one thing he didn't possess was the actual wisdom of old age, it was hard to say.

One thing was for certain - not having to worry about the future, he had much more time to enjoy the trivial delights of life. Like the warmth of his cot, the companionship of his friends and neighbors, or the beauty of the world.

Since Cronos did not sleep much, old as his body was, he had developed the habit of walking to the piers at the break of night, to watch the suns rise from the water. Today, just like always, he left his home carrying a lantern and walked to the edges of the city. Despite the fact that the streets were still dark, there were many early risers just like him out and about. Some greeted him with words, some with smiles.

Their faces were just as wrinkly as his, and their bodies were just as stiff as his. That also made being old feel less lonely.

Eventually, Cronos crossed a few rope bridges and reached the piers. Several people were already there, waiting in the darkness. Some of them he knew from his days in the House of Youth, some he had met after. Joining them, he extinguished the lantern, sat down, and looked at the water.

They chatted as the night lived its last minutes.

Shrouded in darkness, the Great River glowed with a beautiful red radiance. Then, slowly, its light grew brighter. The chatter quieted down as the old men and women enjoyed the view of the flowing water.

Somewhere far away, the black veil covering the sky rippled. Hints of lilac and azure were mixed into its dark expanse. The River seemed to ignite, fiery colors spreading across its surface. Then, finally, the suns rose from the depths, painting the world in a million shades of scarlet. Reflected in the water, their light was like a spreading flame.

Cronos sighed lightly.

"It's a new day."

A cool breeze caressed their faces, and the world was at peace... or maybe it just seemed to be at peace. Of course, it was actually at war - but they did not have to worry about that today. Otherwise, the Lady would have already warned the warriors of the city to prepare for battle.

The group of old folks remained on the pier for a while, not in a hurry to leave. There was gossip to share and idle conversations to be had. As the youngest of the bunch, Cronos had not grown tired of hearing the same old stories over and over again yet, so he received a lot of attention.

He listened and laughed, feeling a comfortable bliss.

...But then, a note of confusion entered that bliss.

Still engrossed in a story told by an old woman who had left the House of Youth a few years before the rest of them fled, he glanced at the River and froze, stunned.

There was a black spot on the horizon.

It was a ship moving in the direction of Fallen Grace.

Cronos trembled slightly.

'A ship... but it's not time yet for the fishermen to return. Has something bad happened?'

Soon, the other old folks noticed the approaching vessel as well. The conversation died down, and all of them stared into the distance, somber and tense.

Then, their expressions changed.

The mysterious vessel had drawn close enough for them to discern a few details... its size, the color of its hull and sails, the strange shape of its mast...

Cronos was suddenly gripped with fear.

"It's... it's not..."

The vessel had a graceful silhouette but looked indescribably menacing as it emerged from the crimson glow of dusk. Its hull was battered and covered in scars, while its tattered sails were like an ill omen. Much more importantly...

The ghostly ship was unfamiliar. It was unmistakably alien to their city and its fleet of fishing boats, all of which Cronos knew by heart.

He had never seen an unfamiliar ship arrive at Fallen Grace. They had received guests in the past, when his parents were young, but that time had long passed.

Because Fallen Grace was the last human city on the Great River.

"D-Defiled!"

Someone's yell broke the silence, sending the old folks reeling.

The Defiled did not have a habit of traversing the Great River on ships, but they were also sinister and unpredictable. The ominous ship might very well belong to the abominable monsters.

But if it did, why had the Lady not warned them of an approaching attack? Why was the light burning at the top of her palace still white?

Icy dread grasped Cronos.

'Has... has the Lady succumbed? No, no... impossible!'

His irreverent thoughts were interrupted by a loud scream. The observers staggered back, horrified by a dark shadow that moved below the water.

Shocked, Cronos watched as the head of a colossal serpent rose from the waves near the approaching vessel. The beast's scales were onyx black, glistening with dark sanguine glow as they reflected the crimson light of dusk.

"A... a Corrupted!"

People of Fallen Grace had all heard legends of the Serpent King as young kids, so seeing a similar abomination rise from the depths was like watching their childhood fears come alive.

At that moment, the serpent's lightless eyes turned to the pier. Cronos felt his soul tremble, as if the creature was peering directly at him.

And then, something unexplainable happened.

The colossal body of the monstrous leviathan suddenly rippled, becoming vague and indistinct. Then, it dissipated into a tide of darkness.

Instead, a slender human figure appeared on the bow of the approaching ship.

The dark figure was contoured against the burning sky, its mantle moving slightly in the wind. It seemed to belong to a young man with porcelain skin and raven-black hair, his eyes as dark as night.

The same lightless gaze swept across the pier, and then the sails of the ominous ship lowered themselves, as if by magic.

Cronos took a shaky breath, staring at the ghostly vessel.

A strange thought appeared in his mind:

"Is... is this the end? Or a new beginning?"

**********


                                Chapter 1354 By Grace of Dusk
--------------------
With its tattered sails lowered, the ominous vessel slowed down, eventually coming to a semblance of a halt. It drifted on the waves a few hundred meters away from the pier, carried by nothing except the current. Cronos had managed to regain some composure by then. He briefly thought about running away but decided against it.

His body was too old to run with any kind of significant speed, anyway. The watchers guarding the city must have noticed the ghostly ship and the terrifying onyx serpent, too - if the Lady had truly not known about their arrival, warriors would already be on their way.

For a few moments, everyone remained motionless - the old men and women gathered on the pier, and the dark figure standing on the bow of the graceful vessel, as well.

The current was slowly pulling the ship closer. It was only a matter of minutes before it reached the pier.

'This is... strangely exciting?'

Cronos should have been terrified, but he found himself awed and curious instead. All of them here in Fallen Grace lived with the knowledge that their lives would soon come to an end - death was like an old friend, not an odious enemy. The arrival of a mysterious ship, however, was a novelty.

How often did he get to experience something entirely unexpected?

He had never seen anything like it, and would most likely never get a chance to witness something as wondrous again. So, he waited for the moment when the hull of the ship touched the pier with bated breath.

...Eventually, the graceful vessel drew close enough for them to see every terrible scar and every burn mark covering its battered hull. It seemed like the battered ship had escaped the depths of hell and survived all kinds of untold disasters... what terrible battles had it endured? What harrowing creatures had clawed its hull, unable to break through?

...What kind of beings dwelled within it, who had been able to survive all these ordeals? Were they, perhaps, more harrowing than the creatures that had left their marks on the ancient hull?

Cronos and his fellows saw the deck of the ship, as well, stunned by the sight of a beautiful tree growing around the ship's main mast. That tree was vibrant and full of life, not at all like the grim vessel below it. It was much taller and robust than any tree growing in Fallen Grace.

'What is this craftsmanship...'

Cronos had never seen a vessel of such design, nor had he known of any ship builder who could have created it. The lines of the ghostly ship were elegant but unfamiliar. The small details of its construction were unlike anything that the River People would have built... they were also entirely different from how the Twilight People had built things, back before they were wiped out by the Defiled.

The ghostly ship looked ancient and mysterious, like all things passed down from the Outsiders.

Suddenly, Cronos felt joyous excitement.

'Are... are these people...'

The ship smoothly approached the pier and halted just beside it, its bow softly touching the mooring berth. As the humans of Fallen Grace watched in stunned silence, four figures jumped from its deck onto the weathered wood.

There were two humans in front... if they were really humans, and not deities.

Cronos suddenly found it hard to breathe.

The first one was the slender young man wearing a dark mantle, his porcelain face drowning in the shadows. His lightless eyes were like two pools of unfathomable darkness, cold and piercing. There was a crown of black metal resting on his head, shaped to resemble a twisting serpent.

The other was a tall young woman with silver hair and calm grey eyes, wearing a white tunic. Her face was like that of a statue, beautiful and distant. She wore a crown, too, this one bright and adorned with a single radiant gem.

When she appeared, it was as though the light of the seven suns had grown a little brighter. Cronos felt something move in his heart, and for a moment, his soul was grasped by a deep and unexplainable longing.

The two were like night and day, mysterious and beautiful.

...The other two were like monsters.

One was a towering knight that seemed to have been carved from onyx, her graceful armor both intricate and fearsome. The other was like an ogre forged from black steel, with hungry flames burning in the depths of his ferocious eyes.

There was something hiding in the shadows, too. A dreadful presence that felt both elusive and terrifying.

Everyone stared at the strangers, feeling dread, awe, and wonder.

After a few moments of silence, the young man wearing the serpent crown took a step forward and spoke in a familiar language, his voice resounding across the pier:

"We have come from the far reaches of the future in search of Fallen Grace, the last bastion of the River People. We mean no harm... unless you do us harm. I am... "

At that moment, Cronos became sure of his suspicion.

'They are! They must be!'

With his heart beating wildly, he stepped forward and asked in a trembling voice:

"M-my Lord... you... are you the Children of Weaver?"

The young man glanced at him, making Cronos shiver under that piercing gaze of his. A hint of surprise appeared in the lightless eyes, but then disappeared, replaced by something that resembled... satisfaction.

"Indeed. We are Changing Star and Sunless, Children of Weaver. "

His words were like an explosion for the old men and women gathered on the pier. Their fear disappeared, and instead, bright smiles illuminated their wrinkly faces.

"Of course!"

"It's them!"

"Just like the Lady foretold!"

"Praise the Lady!"

Cronos couldn't keep the smile from appearing on his face, either.

'Ah, I must have gone senile... why haven't I realized sooner?'

He hesitated for a moment, then bowed deeply and spoke, trying to make his voice sound solemn instead of amazed and excited:

"It is our honor to meet you. We welcome you to Fallen Grace, esteemed guests."

Then, he straightened and added reverently:

"Lady Dusk has been awaiting you for a long, long time..."

**********


                                Chapter 1355 Fallen Grace
--------------------
"No... I'm definitely not imagining it. These people are weird!"

The citizens of Fallen Grace were indeed looking at Sunny funny. The frail old man in front of him was smiling with an odd mix of joy and terror, just like the rest of the elderly folks that had met them on the pier. They were simultaneously far too excited and far too scared, like a bunch of teenagers who met an idol for the first time.

He could vaguely understand why they would be delighted - it seemed that Dusk had already been waiting for Sunny and Nephis, after all. Which was potentially a piece of good news... But where had the awe and terror come from?

'Uh... maybe I shouldn't have shown up as a serpent?'

Sunny had thought that the River People would be accustomed to seeing creatures of all kinds, but maybe he was wrong. Still... there was a strange incongruity between the age of these people and how animated their reactions were.

This whole city was strange.

When Sunny and Nephis had first seen it, both were tense and wary. They had not known what kind of welcome to expect, and kept their guard up.

Fallen Grace looked a lot like Weave, but also different. Painted by the crimson radiance of dusk, it floated on the waves, stretching as far as the eye could see. It was much larger than the forlorn city of the followers of Weaver, and also more developed, feeling like a place with much deeper roots.

There were more island-ships, most paved neatly with cobblestones and carrying graceful, picturesque buildings. The islands were connected by rope bridges, with wide canals below. Slender gondolas with intricate patterns carved into their pale wood moved through them.

Unlike Weave, there were no windcatchers here. Instead, there were sails of vibrant scarlet fabric stretched between the taller buildings, making the city look like a grandiose flotilla. The buildings themselves were built from white stone and pale wood, with crimson accents added here and there to liven up their scenic facades.

Fallen Grace was like a flower of pure, immaculate white drifting between the ominous crimson sky and the blood-red waters of the Great River.

However... it was a wilting flower.

Although the beautiful buildings had been masterfully constructed, most of them were showing signs of deterioration. The newer ones did not seem nearly as picturesque, either. The rope bridges were frayed and poorly maintained. The scarlet sails might have looked magnificent once, but now their fabric had faded, its surface covered in patches and signs of makeshift repairs.

Most glaringly of all... the streets of the city were too desolate. From what Sunny could tell, half of the buildings had no inhabitants, standing abandoned and empty. That felt deeply wrong.

He had grown up in NQSC, after all. In a city surrounded by defensive barriers, space was deeply precious... and since there was not enough of it to go around, people like him were condemned to the outskirts. Even there, emptiness was not tolerated.

Plus, the only people in sight were these old men and women... where were the sailors? Where were the soldiers? Where were the Awakened?

Why was the Chain Breaker allowed to approach the city without being met by its guardians?

Sunny found the situation very strange.

'Well... at least they are not attacking us.'

That was a concern for Nephis and him, which was why he had dove into the water as a serpent.

He stared at the old man, trying to understand why the local seemed to be growing paler and paler with each passing moment. Then, mentally shaking his head, he sighed and said:

"That's good, then. We've been anticipating meeting Lady Dusk a great deal, too."

Maybe they would finally receive some answers from the last sybil of the Estuary.

Sunny hesitated for a moment, then asked bluntly:

"Your city defenses seem awfully lacking. Where are the warriors? Why hasn't anyone prevented our ship from entering your waters?"

The old man let out a nervous chuckle.

"Oh... why would they? The Lady would have warned us if there was danger. Since she didn't, there must be no danger. So..."

He paused awkwardly and added:

"Please don't worry, though! Someone will arrive shortly to escort you, esteemed guests. I am sure of it."

Sunny and Nephis stared at the old man incredulously.

'Huh.'

So that was why. Fallen Grace was ruled by an oracle... and therefore, its citizens lived by a completely different set of rules. Why post watchmen if any attack could be foretold in advance? It was something like that, perhaps.

He wasn't sure he could really comprehend how drastic of a change such a life would be.

'Makes one wonder how the cities of the sybils fell, despite it all...'

Perhaps it was precisely because these people relied on the sybils so much... and the sybils, no matter how potent their prophetic powers were, could not have been omniscient. Especially when there were more sinister powers at play.

As Sunny was pondering these matters, there was a small commotion at the end of the pier. A dozen figures appeared, all wearing armor and wielding weapons. Their armor was white, with red sashes tied around the waist. The weapons, thankfully, were sheathed.

The old men and women stepped aside to let the soldiers approach. As they did... Sunny was surprised once again.

The warriors, each and every one of them... were as old as the group of people that had met them on the pier. The armor fit their shriveled figures badly, and they seemed to struggle under the weight of their weapons. Nevertheless, the old soldiers tried to maintain dignified expressions.

There was fire in their eyes, still.

The leader of the squad, an ancient woman wearing an open helmet with a red plume, bowed deeply and then saluted with a trembling hand.

"Welcome, Children of Weaver. It is my honor to witness the day of your arrival. I... will take you to the Lady. Please..."

The old woman made a gesture, asking them to follow.

**********


                                Chapter 1356 The Last Sybil
--------------------
Sunny studied the old woman's armor, hesitated for a few moments, then looked at the Chain Breaker with doubt. He felt rather impatient to meet Dusk of Fallen Grace, but reminded himself to keep calm and take it one step at a time.

"...We've yet to moor our ship."

The old warrior bowed again.

"Everything will be taken care of."

'How convenient...'

These ancient soldiers did not seem like much of a threat. The old woman was an Awakened, but the rest were mundanes. Sunny had no doubt that he would be able to escape any ambush or trap they could potentially lure him into... and it didn't even seem like there would be a trap.

Still, he didn't like the idea of leaving their only means of escaping Fallen Grace behind.

...That said, if Dusk had really anticipated their arrival, wouldn't she have also anticipated his reluctance? If she knew that he would be wary of a trap, wouldn't she have been able to construct a trap insidious enough to fool Sunny?

Suddenly, he was full of apprehension.

'Damnation...'

Sunny had mostly been blessed by finding himself on the right side of people with prophetic powers. Now that he was about to meet an unfamiliar oracle, though, he fully realized how terrifying of an enemy one could be.

His unease wasn't helped one bit by the fact that he had actually already met Dusk of Fallen Grace once... in a way. There were deep scars left on his psyche by the Terror of LO49.

'Whatever. What else can we do, demand that she comes to meet us here on the pier?'

After exchanging a glance with Nephis, Sunny shrugged and followed the group of soldiers deeper into the city. The old man who had greeted them joined, as well, which caused an irritated sigh to escape from the lips of the old woman in charge of the soldiers.

"Cronos... why are you tagging along with us, kid?"

The old man simply smiled.

"Why, I'm the one who greeted the esteemed guests first. Surely, they'll feel better having someone familiar escort them!"

The leader of the soldiers shook her head and didn't say anything else. The old man... Cronos... seemed satisfied and hurried to keep up with them.

'Kid? How ancient is this woman, to be calling a fossil like him "kid"?'

As Sunny was escorted through Fallen Grace, he couldn't help but look around with a somber expression.

Everywhere they went... they were only met by old people. Ranging from elderly to ancient, the inhabitants of Fallen Grace all had white hair, wrinkled faces, and frail bodies of people living out the last of their twilight years. They went about their business with careful steps and looked at Sunny and Nephis with amazed expressions.

He thought that it was because of their status as guests in the city at first, but then realized that it was simply because they were... young.

Apart from Sunny and Nephis, there was not a single young person in sight.

'They are all Riverborn.'

Sunny frowned, pondering the implications of this simple realization.

Riverborn did not age with the passage of time - instead, they aged by moving upstream from the place of their birth. The process was supposed to be gradual, happening over the span of generations as the city migrated into the future to allow new families to be formed. Therefore, there had to be a mix of people of different ages on the streets, just like there would be in a normal city.

So what did it mean if everyone here was... no, looked old?

It meant that Fallen Grace had migrated far upstream for a reason other than ushering in a new generation, at some point. Killing the older population and thrusting everyone else into decrepit old bodies as a result.

Sunny's face grew somber as he looked at Cronos, one more time.

...It might have been that the leader of the soldiers had called him a kid not because she was incredibly ancient, but because the old man was actually a child, or a youth no older than Sunny and Nephis at least.

He hesitated for a few moments, then asked cautiously:

"...Cronos, was it? Say, how old are you?"

The old man smiled, his face turning into a labyrinth of deep wrinkles.

"Oh, I am seventeen, my lord! Uh... I'll be seventeen in a few days, to be precise. But who's counting?"

Sunny inhaled deeply, disturbed by the cheerful tone of that answer.

Nephis seemed to have figured out the reason for why everyone in Fallen Grace looked so old, as well. Hearing Cronos confirm it, she frowned.

"Then why aren't you at the House of Youth?"

As the words left her lips, the face of the old woman leading the soldiers darkened. While Cronos lingered, she answered in his stead:

"...It's because we lost them. We lost the entire downstream half of the city during those dark days. And if it wasn't for the Lady, we would have lost the other half, as well."

At the mention of Dusk, an expression of deep reverence and love appeared on the faces of Cronos and the old soldiers. But there was also something else, hiding behind the devotion. A hint of... sorrow? Fear? Guilt?

It was at that moment that they reached the point that should have been the center of the city.

However, it was its edge instead.

There was nothing but empty water where countless island-ships should have been. The rope bridges leading to them had been cut, their remnants singed and floating aimlessly in the water. The closest buildings to the edge bore scars and burn marks, some of them tilting sideways or laying in piles of mostly disassembled wreckage.

It was as if the whole city had been dissected into two halves, one still drifting on the crimson waves, the other long gone, lost to the unceasing pull of the past.

'So that's how it is...'

Fallen Grace had indeed migrated upstream, escaping an attack. A large part of it had been lost in the process... both in terms of island-ships, and people.

Sunny looked away with a grim expression.

"Was it because of the Defiled?"

The old woman chewed on her lips, then nodded with a strange darkness hiding in her eyes.

"Yes... a Defiled. Something like that."

After that, she remained silent.

Soon, they reached an island-ship that floated a small distance away from the rest of the city. It carried a beautiful palace built of white stone, with tall columns and a spire that rose high into the scarlet sky, crowned by a pyre of pure flame.

That was the source of the white spark they had seen from a distance.

Crossing the expanse of crimson water, Sunny and Nephis ascended the wide stairs leading to the gates of the palace and were welcomed by rows of soldiers just like the ones who had escorted them here - wearing white armor with red sashes, decrepit, and old.

All of them bowed deeply as the small procession passed them.

Finally, the gates of the temple opened in front of them.

Sunny felt an old fear grip his heart.

He was finally going to meet Dusk face-to-face... again.

Soon, they were led to a grand hall filled with white marble, flowing water, and tranquil silence. There was a tall dais in the center of it, with an elegant stone throne standing on it.

Dusk of Fallen Grace, the last sybil of the Estuary, was sitting on that throne.

Sunny froze.

The first thing he registered was that Dusk looked young... very young. She was the first young woman they saw in Fallen Grace.

She was also enthralling, with a petite figure and an exquisitely beautiful, delicate face. Her hair was like pale gold, and her stunning eyes were pure blue.

Those stunning eyes looked upon the world but didn't see anything, because the beautiful young woman was blind.

Of course, Sunny knew her well.

Stunned, he raised a hand and asked in a trembling voice:

"...Cassie?"

-----

Erdiul's Note: New year! Same me! Hope you all had a great year, and if not, I hope the service I provided over the year made it a little bit better. It will continue though, how long? Not sure. I will notify when I do have to stop, and I will try to find a good replacement if possible. But that's for the unknown future. For now I will continue as usual. Let's hope we all have a great entry into 2024. Cheers mates.

**********


                                Chapter 1357 Long, Long Time
--------------------
In front of them, sitting on the throne of Fallen Grace... was none other than Cassie. The delicate blind girl who had been their companion since the dire trial of the Forgotten Shore, and whom both Sunny and Nephis knew better than anyone else in the world did. There could be no mistake. Cassie had not changed much since the last time Sunny had seen her. She was still the same, with golden hair and beautiful blue eyes. The soft features of her lovely face were just as he remembered them...

But there was something different about her, too.

There was an obvious change, of course. Unlike how she was in the Nightmare Desert, Cassie looked hale and refreshed. Gone were the feverish gauntness, dark bruises, and cracked lips. Instead, her striking beauty had bloomed once more, soft and quiet yet making it impossible to look away. She was also wearing an unfamiliar red peplos, its thin flowing fabric draped gracefully around her supple figure and decorated with white accents.

But there was also a deeper, less obvious change to her. Sunny just couldn't put his finger on what it was, exactly.

Most importantly, Cassie was not Dusk of Fallen Grace.

...Or was she?

He suddenly felt a chill.

"Cassie?"

At the sound of his voice, the blind girl slowly turned her head and looked down from her throne. Even Nephis, who rarely allowed surprise to show on her face, seemed dazed. She stared at the young woman who was... or at least looked like their friend silently, a storm of emotions hiding in her usually calm eyes.

The next moment, however, tension drained from her gaze, replaced by profound relief.

It was because Cassie smiled. Her wide, radiant smile set their hearts at ease.

It was a smile they knew.

"Sunny? Neph? You are finally here?"

The familiar sound and cadence of her familiar voice were just as they had been before, as well.

Sunny slowly exhaled and felt a strong desire to lean on something.

He had been both anticipating and dreading meeting Dusk. He had also been worried sick about the members of the cohort, and especially Cassie, since she was not as fierce of a warrior as the rest of them and more vulnerable than most. Even though Sunny had been suppressing these worries, they gnawed at his soul.

Now that the moment he had been dreading was replaced by an unexpected and joyous reunion, alleviating the gnawing worry, Sunny momentarily felt unbalanced.

Then, a million questions flooded his mind.

'Wait... why is Cassie here? Where is Dusk? Could Cassie have taken the role of Dusk in the Nightmare? Wait, then what about Torment? Why was she sent so much further downstream than Nephis and I were? How long has she been here? Where are the others? How...'

Sensing that he was on the verge of spiraling, Sunny forcefully put those questions aside. He would be able to ask them all to Cassie, anyway. As soon as they were able to talk freely...

As if reading his thoughts, the blind girl turned slightly and smiled at the soldiers who had escorted them into the temple. They looked at her with intense devotion, then lowered their gazes and bowed.

Cassie lingered for a moment, then spoke softly:

"The Children of Weaver are here. Please, leave. There are important matters I must discuss with them alone."

The old woman leading the soldiers looked up in protest.

"But, my Lady! It... it might not be safe!"

The blind girl chuckled.

"I know, child. I know more than most, remember."

The elderly soldier looked away in embarrassment, recalling who she was talking to. She hesitated for a moment, then bowed her head.

"Forgive me, my Lady. I... I acted out of line."

Cassie shook her head.

"No need to apologize. You only spoke out of sincere concern for me. Go and feel at ease... I also know these two. They will not harm me."

She paused for a moment and added:

"Oh... and you, Cronos. Don't think I don't know you're hiding behind a column, brat. You go as well."

An awkward cough resounded from somewhere behind, and the elderly teenager appeared in sight, scratching the back of his head.

"Ah... I was just... enjoying the splendor of the temple. Sorry, my Lady... I seem to have gotten carried away..."

Under Cassie's unseeing gaze, Cronos and the soldiers backed away and left the three of them alone...

Or so it seemed.

After the initial shock of the unexpected meeting receded, Sunny noticed two people standing in the shadows of the throne, both of them Ascended. They were an old man and an old woman, dressed in ceremonial robes. The woman wielded an unsheathed greatsword, while the man held a crimson silk cord in his hands.

Tracing his gaze, Cassie let out a quiet sigh.

"These are my guards. Don't mind them... they are deaf, and won't hear us."

Sunny was strangely disturbed by these words. Why did Cassie have two deaf guards? The whole situation somehow seemed... eerie.

At that moment, Nephis finally spoke:

"Is that old woman a teenager, as well? Are all your troops composed of children?"

The blind girl blinked a couple of times, bewildered, then shook her head.

"No? She is a few hundred years old."

Sunny tilted his head, stumped.

"What? Then why did you call her a child?"

Cassie remained motionless for a while, then sighed deeply and lowered her head.

Her voice sounded strangely hollow when she spoke, the words echoing across the white hall:

"It is because... I've been waiting for you two for a long, long time..."

In the silence that followed, both Sunny and Nephis froze. The terrible implication of what Cassie had said slowly seeped into their minds, making them realize that...

At that moment, the blind girl's shoulders trembled, and she suddenly exploded into bright laughter.

"Oh... oh gods. Sorry, I just couldn't help myself! I really did wait for a while... about a year, I think? I imagined this day a lot, and so... I just couldn't resist making this joke..."

Sunny and Nephis stared at her, stunned.

'Wha... what the hell? Who makes a joke at a moment like that?!'

His eye twitched.

'Wait. Did she say a year?'

It had been less than three months since Sunny and Nephis entered the Nightmare. So, the time storm did indeed mess up their perception of time. Just not as direly as they had feared.

Cassie, meanwhile, had gotten such a good laugh at their expense that tears appeared in the corners of her eyes. Her hands had been laying on her knees before; now, she raised them to wipe the tears away.

And when she did, Sunny heard a familiar sound.

It was the rattling of chains.

...There were golden shackles wrapped around Cassie's slender wrists, and a golden chain connected them. Wiping off her tears, the blind girl looked up with a smile and blinked.

It seemed that she had noticed their confusion.

Cassie frowned a little, then touched her shackles and sighed.

"Oh... you guys don't know much about the sybils, yet. Right. I should explain."

She lingered for a moment, then glanced briefly at the two deaf Masters behind her.

One held an unsheathed sword, the other a silk cord.

Her expression remained calm and relaxed.

"When I said that these two are my guards, I didn't mean that they guard me against danger. Instead... they are guarding the city against me."

**********


                                Chapter 1358 Beautiful Chains
--------------------
Nothing about the situation made sense... Sunny and Nephis tentatively came to terms with the fact that Cassie had replaced Dusk of Fallen Grace, but now they were struck by yet another revelation.

Sunny did not know why the blind girl was shackled yet, but his mind had already entered a state of battle readiness... just in case. Not showing any emotions, he briefly glanced at the two deaf guards.

The sword and the cord they wielded were suddenly much more sinister. If the guards were meant to protect the city from Cassie...

Then the sword was meant to cut her down, while the cord was meant to strangle her.

'How strong can these old Masters be?'

Sunny was mentally calculating the swiftest way to kill them guards when a sudden thought sent a chill running down his spine.

His first impulse had been dictated by the deeply ingrained desire to protect Cassie... but why were the guards there, in the first place?

Looking at the beautiful young woman sitting on the white throne, wearing golden shackles, Sunny had to wonder if he should be thinking of a way to protect himself from her, instead.

She sighed.

"You don't have to worry. I'm not in danger, nor do I represent danger. It's just that... well, it's a long story. I'll explain. But first..."

Standing up, Cassie smiled and descended from the dais.

"Let me climb off that throne. It feels really odd to be looking down on you from up high."

She approached them with light steps. Her delicate figure was accentuated by the vibrant red fabric of the archaic dress, which contrasted starkly against the white marble of the grand hall. Her movements were swift and graceful... before Sunny could really decide whether he should be on guard or not, Cassie was already near.

She raised her shackled hands...

And gave Nephis a tight hug.

"I missed you... I really missed you guys a lot."

She held Neph in an embrace for a few moments, then sighed and let go. A bright smile bloomed on Cassie's face. Turning to Sunny, she hesitated a bit, then gently gripped his arm with both hands.

The golden chain rattled quietly.

"I'm so glad that you're here."

He froze, then awkwardly patted her on the hand.

'What, I don't get a hug?'

But then again, that was not the kind of relationship he had with Cassie.

What kind of relationship did they have, then?

Sunny was really not sure. If he had to describe it with one word, though, it would be... complicated.

Still, she seemed to be sincerely happy to see him. He felt the same way, too.

"We're glad to be here, as well. But... do you mind explaining what is going on? Starting with why you are chained, please."

Cassie's smile dimmed a little. She hesitated for a moment, then nodded and turned away.

"Sure. But not here... this hall is too oppressive. Follow me."

After exchanging a glance, Sunny and Nephis followed the blind girl out of the great hall and into the depths of the white temple. The two old guards did not seem concerned by the fact that their ward was moving around freely. They simply walked behind them silently, carrying the sinister sword and the silk cord.

The presence was rather ominous, but Cassie did not seem to mind.

Together, the five of them entered a grand staircase, which led them to a smaller one. The blind girl was navigating the maze-like interior of the temple with practiced ease... which wasn't that surprising, considering that she must have spent a whole year here. Sometimes, she traced the marble walls with her hand, but mostly she simply counted her steps and moved by memory.

Eventually, they ascended a tall tower and emerged onto an open platform. There was a massive brazier in its center, with a pyre of white flame rising high into the crimson sky from it... this was the flame they had noticed from afar, and which guided them to Fallen Grace.

Cassie lingered in front of the brazier for a few moments, bathing in its heat. Her expression turned a little distant.

After a while, she said quietly:

"...Right. I don't need to maintain the flame anymore."

Turning around with a smile, she gestured to a small table that stood near the aery railing of the platform.

"Please. Sit down. You must be tired after spending so long on the River."

The table was brimming with fresh fruit, crystal pitchers of wine, and savory snacks. Cassie did not have to ask them twice, since Sunny and Nephis were indeed tired after the long journey, hungry, and parched.

Soon, the three of them were sitting around the table, enjoying the refreshments.

From the height of the temple's spire, the whole of Fallen Grace was revealed to them, as well as the fiery expanse of the flowing water painted in a million shades of red by dusk.

Looking at the surreal sight of the endless crimson river, Sunny couldn't help but notice how damaged and incomplete the city looked. It was indeed as though it had been cut in half, with many of the island-ships either missing or taking a position in the flotilla that was clearly not meant for them.

Taking a sip of fragrant red wine, Cassie sighed and turned to face Fallen Grace, as well. She was holding the glass with both hands, careful not to let the golden chain get in the way.

Eventually, she said:

"...I entered the Nightmare around a year ago. It was very disorienting, as you must have experienced yourself. Especially once I realized that I had taken the place of Dusk, the sybil of Fallen Grace. Dusk... I don't know how powerful she was, exactly, but she must have been at least a Transcendent. While I am not."

Sunny nodded somberly and added in a low voice:

"The last sybil."

The blind girl turned to him with a strange, fragile smile.

"Yes. The last. Although... I wasn't so at the start."

Nephis frowned, feeling a dark undertone in Cassie's voice.

"Wasn't so? What do you mean?"

Cassie remained silent for a few moments, her face turning solemn. Then, she said:

"The sybils were oracles once. The revelations they received came from the gods. But then, the gods grew silent... and, one after another, the sybils turned to another source of knowledge. The Estuary. What revelations do you think they received from there?"

**********


                                Chapter 1359 See no Evil
--------------------
Sunny suddenly paled.

'Wait. No way...'

The runes describing the Shroud of Graceless Dusk resurfaced in his memory...

[There, they found solace, safety, and shelter. In time, the voices of the gods grew silent one after another, leaving behind only a vast and dreadful silence. That was how the sybils embraced the Estuary, and that was how they fell.]

He looked at Cassie somberly and said, his voice slightly hoarse:

"The... Defilement?"

The blind girl nodded sadly.

"Yes. The Defilement spread from the Estuary, consuming Verge, the city of the Seekers. And from there, the Defiled slowly moved upstream, threatening to devour all other settlements on the Great River. The sybils and their people waged a war against them for a long time. Eventually, most of their cities fell - some fell to the Defiled... but not all."

Her beautiful face looked forlorn for a moment.

Cassie sighed.

"The sybils were truly formidable at the height of their power. It was no coincidence that they had managed to guide their people through the horrors of the Doom War and enter the Tomb of Ariel unharmed. Even the Defiled found it difficult to conquer the cities reigned by the sybils... how would they not, if the defenders knew the secrets of the future?"

She paused for a moment and took a small sip of the wine.

"But the very thing that gave the sybils power ended up becoming their undoing. The most stalwart cities... they fell to the sybils themselves. Because they were corrupted by the glimpses of the Estuary and succumbed to the Defilement, letting the rot spread from within."

The blind girl sighed again, then shook her head.

"A year ago, there were three sybils in Fallen Grace. One was already Defiled, and entombed in her temple. Of the other two, Dusk was the junior. The senior sybil... she had hidden the signs of Corruption from everyone until it was too late. The day she lost control was the day I took Dusk's place."

She lingered for a moment and gestured to the city below.

"This is what I managed to preserve. I was able to rally the defenders of Fallen Grace and slay the Defiled sybil. But, by then, much of the city had already been lost. Much worse, the seals containing the other Defiled had been broken. And she... she was a much more terrifying creature than the other one. All I could do was abandon the contested island-ships and evacuate the remaining ones as far upstream as I could."

Cassie smiled faintly and raised her hands, allowing the golden chain to ring.

"Hence, these shackles. And the deaf guards. I am the ruler of this city, but at the same time, I am a threat to it... or so the River People think, since they don't know that I am not truly Dusk. I was afraid that my own affinity to revelations would place me in the same danger the sybils had been exposed to, but funnily enough, I turned out to be immune to it. Can you guess why?"

Sunny and Nephis looked at her silently, not knowing what to answer. Sunny was a bit confused.

'I get why Nephis is not in danger of becoming Defiled. Her soul is incorruptible... but how can Cassie be immune, as well?'

He shook his head.

"I'm not sure."

She chuckled, then pointed to herself.

"It's because I'm blind."

Her beautiful blue eyes gazed upon the world, unseeing. Cassie sighed softly.

"Whatever it is that the sybils saw in their visions of the Estuary, I can't see. That is why the truth of the Estuary can't corrupt me... or at least, can't corrupt me in the same way it corrupted the sybils. In the visions I had before entering the Tomb of Ariel, I usually had sight. But ever since coming here, all I see is darkness. Who knew it would be a blessing?"

She smiled and moved her hands slightly, allowing the golden chain to fall back onto her lap.

"Anyway. I knew that you would arrive eventually, but I did not know how long it would take. So, I remained in Fallen Grace and defended the city from the attacks of the Defiled. It was... a long year. What took you so long?"

Nephis leaned forward and grasped Cassie's hand. White sparks glinted in her calm grey eyes.

"You did well, Cas. I'm sorry. We entered the Nightmare much further upstream, and it took us a long time to travel into the past. We encountered a time storm on the way... which is why, while a year has passed for you, it was only a few months to us."

Sunny lingered for a few moments, then added:

"But you must have known that already, right? It was thanks to you that Ananke knew to meet us and point us in the direction of Fallen Grace."

A strange expression appeared on Cassie's face. He frowned, confused by her reaction.

"What? What's wrong?"

The blind girl hesitated.

"I'm sorry... but who is Ananke? And what do you mean she knew to guide you to Fallen Grace? I'm afraid I don't understand."

Sunny and Nephis exchanged a somber look. After a moment of silence, she asked carefully:

"...Was it not you who sent a dream message to the Priestess of Weave? To warn her of our arrival?"

Cassie simply shook her head.

"Send a dream message? I don't even know how to do something like that, let alone who the Priestess of Weave is. I also wouldn't have known where you were. Are you saying that there was someone who did?"

Sunny suddenly felt an ominous premonition.

He was somewhat convinced that it was Dusk who had sent Ananke instructions to meet them and guide them to Fallen Grace. Now that he knew that Cassie had taken the place of the last sybil, though, and she was not the mysterious being pulling the strings of the Nightmare from behind the scenes...

There was a small possibility, of course, that Dusk had arranged everything before being erased from existence by Cassie's arrival. But it was infinitely small... had the last sybil even existed in the Nightmare? Why would the Spell extend its timeline beyond the point where the challengers entered?

And even if it had, what were the chances that Dusk not only knew of her nature as a phantom conjured by the Spell, but also everything about the challengers and their task?

Close to zero.

However...

If not Dusk or Cassie, then who could have possessed both a deep knowledge of the future and enough insight to manipulate it?

Sunny gritted his teeth, disturbed.

"Not only did they know when and where we would enter the Nightmare, but also a great deal more. It was how we ended up finding the ship... the Chain Breaker. And making it all the way here."

Cassie seemed stunned.

"The... Chain Breaker..."

She remained silent for a while, then shivered and said, her voice glum:

"Well, then... maybe it was Torment."

**********


                                Chapter 1360 Marooned
--------------------
A grim silence settled over the open platform. Even the deaf guards seemed affected by it, shifting uncomfortably and throwing worried glances at Cassie. Knowing what he knew now, Sunny recognized the complicated emotions reflected in their eyes... love, devotion, loyalty.

But also wariness and fear.

He sighed, then took a bite out of a succulent fruit and leaned back.

"So... you guessed who the Six Plagues are, too."

Of course, she did. Cassie always knew more than them, even if she kept it to herself.

The blind girl nodded slowly.

"I did... who they are, but not how they are. The Great River is a strange place. Many things that should not be possible anywhere else are possible here."

She frowned.

"The Six Plagues - I had to learn a lot about them, since they are the main threat to Fallen Grace. It was hard not to draw conclusions in the process. Strangely enough, though, none of them participated in the attacks on the city during the year I've spent here."

Nephis looked at her somberly.

"Were you serious about what you said? That Torment might be responsible for us coming here?"

Cassie hesitated for a few moments, then shook her head.

"Not really. She strikes me as someone far too wild and damaged to come up with such an intricate scheme. She's dangerous, though... after the Dread Lord, she has to be the most dangerous of the Plagues. Simply because of her foresight."

So, there was no answer after all. Sunny was still unable to learn who it was that had been manipulating the Nightmare, unseen, showing terrifying knowledge of fate and the future.

There was another problem facing them currently, though...

'Not good.'

Meeting Dusk might have turned out entirely differently from how Sunny and Nephis had imagined it, but their overall goal remained the same. They had to conquer the Nightmare... but first, they had to find the members of the cohort.

Their last theory was that each challenger except for Nephis had been sent into the body of a powerful Defiled champion... who might or might not have been the future version of themselves.

Regardless of the true identity of the Six Plagues, that theory had been proven wrong now. After all, Cassie was right here in front of them, in place of the last sybil, Dusk - not Torment.

Which meant that they had no idea where the other members were.

And since it had already been a year since the Nightmare started...

Sunny felt intense worry gnaw at his heart.

'No, no... don't think about it.'

Looking at Cassie, he hesitated for a while, then composed himself and asked:

"You said you knew that would arrive eventually?"

The blind girl nodded.

"Yes. I saw us meeting, in a vision. Or rather, felt it."

Sunny took a deep breath.

"Then what about the others? Do you know where they are?"

There was one more question that he had, but couldn't bring himself to ask.

'Are they alive?'

Cassie suddenly smiled. The melancholy shrouding her features was vanquished, her face illuminated by that smile.

"Yes! Of course!"

She froze, then coughed awkwardly.

"...They're alive, I mean. Sorry."

'Right. I should remember who I'm talking to...'

The blind girl was more than capable of answering questions that had not been asked yet.

Her smile dimmed a little, and Cassie sighed.

"I haven't wasted the whole year doing nothing, you know. Apart from making sure that Fallen Grace is not conquered by the Defilement, I also tried to learn as much as I could. About the world, the Tomb... I also tried to find the others, of course."

Nephis leaned forward, a hint of excitement in her eyes.

"And?"

The blind girl hesitated.

"I managed to determine their locations. Effie and Jet are together... are, here it is."

Suddenly, a small shadow fell on the platform, and a familiar crow landed on Cassie's shoulder. It stared at Sunny with an aggrieved expression, and then cawed loudly:

"Sah-nee! Sah-nee!"

It was Jet's crow Echo.

Staring at the bird with excitement, he asked:

"They're here, in Fallen Grace?"

The crow suddenly looked crestfallen. It shook its beak slightly, then cawed sadly:

"Stuck! Stuck!"

Both Sunny and Nephis looked at Cassie, worry apparent in their eyes.

She sighed.

"They are alive, and together. But they are caught in a dangerous zone of the Great River, unable to escape. I spent a lot of time trying to locate the exact coordinates of where they are marooned, but only succeeded after this Echo found me. I would have tried to rescue them myself, but Dusk is... I am... the only Outsider left in Fallen Grace. I couldn't leave before you arrived."

Sunny nodded, both relieved and concerned. It was good that Effie and Jet were together... and it was even better that Cassie had determined their exact location. The existence of the crow Echo also proved that at least one of them was still alive.

And yet, how could he not worry when he had just learned that they were stuck in some bizarre hazardous zone of the Great River?

Nephis inhaled deeply, then asked:

"What about Kai and Mordret? Anvil's son?"

The blind girl frowned.

"They... are also together. However, their situation is worse."

She lingered for a few moments and said darkly:

"They are in Twilight."

Sunny and Nephis glanced at each other, confused. He suppressed the impulse to touch the Crown of Twilight and asked:

"Twilight? The city of the Serpent King? Wasn't it destroyed?"

Cassie remained silent for a while. Eventually, she shrugged with uncertainty.

"It is lost, but it is not destroyed. The legends say that it was devoured by time. I... am not sure what it means. In fact, I am not sure about anything that has to do with King Daeron and his people."

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"Oh? Why is that?"

A deep frown appeared on the blind girl's face. She pursed her lips, then said hesitantly:

"Everything about them is odd. They were not Riverborn... but they weren't refugees from the Dream Realm, either. They appeared within the Tomb much, much later than the sybils and the Seekers, when the River People civilization had already been established and the Defilement had already spread."

Cassie lingered for a bit, and then added:

"If not for the fact that they simply can't be from Earth, I would have said that they... they were challengers just like us, each and every one of them."

**********

