Shadow Slave - PART 192
Chapters 1911 to 1920
==============================


                                Chapter 1911 Untamed Chaos
--------------------
Morgan gazed at the ancient fortress below her. The Knights of Valor and the warriors of the Dagonet clan were preparing for battle — they had protected the river for decades, not letting a single abomination from the Stormsea reach the Mirror Lake.

Of course, the best of them were in Godgrave now... and the guest who had come from the sea this time was a much more dreadful creature than the abominable dwellers of. the depths.

She winced.

The river passed the series of great locks and flowed south, disappearing beyond the horizon. The Stormsea was somewhere out there, as well, a few days away. In truth, Morgan did not need to destroy Rivergate...

Because it was already doomed.

The warriors crowding the walls of the fortress did not know it, and the six Saints she had recruited did not know it either. But in truth, there was no way to stop her brother here. He would destroy Rivergate himself — everything except for the Gateway — and unleash the caged river, washing away all signs of the destructive battle.

The warriors would die. The civilians living in the young city that had grown upstream of Rivergate would most likely become collateral damage in the Transcendent clash.

Morgan's goal here was not to save the ancestral home of clan Dagonet, but to get a measure of the enemy's strength, and hopefully destroy a couple of his Transcendent vessels.

Still, still...

Fighting a losing battle did not feel pleasant.

Morgan had inherited the lineage of War God. and so, she was often called the Princess ofWar. She had been fighting against Nightmare Creatures since before she was an Awakened — in fact, Morgan had barely finished middle school when she was sent into an arena to face a Dormant Beast for the first time.

Her First Nightmare had been a ruthless one, and she had undergone the trial of the winter solstice like any ordinary Sleeper would. As an Awakened, she led countless warriors into battles to protect the lands controlled by her father, as well as various cities in the waking world.

She had conquered the Second Nightmare without losing a single member of her cohort, and excelled in every duty entrusted to her as a Master...

Until Antarctica.

In the four years since, Morgan‘s renown had only grown. She had challenged the Third Nightmare alone, attained Transcendence, and took her rightful place as the general of the Valor army.

Changing Star might have shone brighter on the battlefield, but it was Morgan who governed the powerful war machine of the Sword Domain, making sure that the blossoming kingdom suffered no setbacks.

Today, many people called her a genius strategist...

Of course, most of those people had no idea about what that word really meant. In truth, there was no strategy to a war of Awakened.

There was only chaos.

In a battlefield where Saints and Devils fought, chaos reigned supreme. There were too many strange Aspects, too many bizarre powers, too inconceivable variables. Most lessons taught by the history of warfare went out of the window, leaving only mayhem and carnage in their wake.

So, the only thing a strategist could do was rein in the chaos, tame it, and make it serve their goals.

...Take Rivergate, for example.

It was a mighty fortress — one that should have been nearly impregnable for any enemy coming from the south.

But what did it matter if the enemy possessed the Ability to connect two reflections through his small, personal Mirror Realm and travel between them, bringing his army along?

The warriors on the walls were preparing to repel an attack from the south, the siege weapons were aimed downstream, and even Morgan herself was looking there. But her brother could easily attack from the north, taking the city behind the fortress hostage first.

In fact, he could just bypass Rivergate entirely and go directly to Bastion.

Only he wouldn't.

Because Morgan was here, taming the chaos.

Mordret‘s goal was Bastion, but he did not know what traps his father and Clan Valor had set up for him there. So, he would not attack it recklessly — conquering the Great Citadel was a time-consuming affair.

And if he left Morgan behind to advance north...

She would simply go south and take the Night Garden, instead.

That was also the reason why Mordret could not spread his vessels thin and attack the cities of the Sword Domain situated further inland — not only would he have to surrender the Citadels of the Stormsea to place new tethers, but the former Great Citadel of the House of Night would be left defenseless.

...Of course, Morgan was sure that her brother actually wanted her to attack Night Garden. Otherwise, he wouldn't have run it ashore, turning it into an almost irresistible bait. Who knew what kind of trap he had prepared for her there?

After all, Mordret — that thing pretending to be her brother — was an heir of War, as well, no matter how much her father wanted to deny it.

Mordret knew how to tame chaos, too.

Between the two of them, the one who could do it better would survive, and the other one would die.

'Funny.‘

Morgan smiled, enjoying the warm breeze.

She did not really have memories of her brother from early childhood. He had already been gone by the time she grew old enough to remember anything. Morgan's mother had died giving birth to her, and her father was a distant presence at best — he was more of a teacher than a parent, full of demanding expectation, but devoid of warmth.

She was mostly raised by the elders of Clan Valor. But there was a distance between her and the members of branch families, as well as the children from the vassal clans. Growing up, the closest thing she had to friends her age were the daughters of Ki Song... who were now her enemies, funnily enough.

Still, it had not been an unhappy childhood.

...Until the brother she did not remember returned.

Morgan had been ten or eleven when he showed up in Bastion, having already conquered the First Nightmare. She was happy at first, but then... then, she quickly learned that there was something wrong about the eerie boy who called himself Mordret.

Mordret had taught her what fear was, all the way back then.

And now, standing on the wall of Rivergate, Morgan felt it again.

She hated to admit it, but she was a little afraid.

An amused smile appeared on her face.

'How refreshing.‘

It was such a nostalgic emotion. She had not felt it in a long, long while. Turning to her six Transcendent companions, Morgan lingered for a moment, and then said:

"What are you waiting for? Get to business."

Nightingale gave her a confused look.

...Even his confusion looked elegant and dashing.

He was so annoying.

"What business?"

Morgan raised an eyebrow.

"What do you mean? Command the soldiers to retreat, get them off the walls, start evacuating the city. Put everyone on boats and send them up the river to Bastion."

Rivergate might have been doomed, but that did not mean that everyone here had to die or become a hostage to the Prince of Nothing. Even though there was some strategic value in using the garrison as cannon fodder to stall his vessels, Morgan decided to forego the most rational path this one time.

She shook her head.

"Stop staring and start moving. Go! I want the city to be empty by evening..."

**********


                                Chapter 1912 Self-Reflection
--------------------
It wasn't easy to evacuate an entire city in the span of a day, even if it was many times smaller than Bastion. Luckily, Morgan had Nightingale with her — with his commanding voice, everything went smoothly and swiftly.

The warriors defending the fortress were reluctant to leave their post, but they did not dare to disobey her. The members of the Dagonet clan were even more reluctant to abandon their Citadel without a battle, but Morgan persuaded them without too much trouble. They were mostly non-combatants, anyway — the true strength of the clan was far north, fighting in Godgrave.

The rest knew that they would be of no real help in the clash against the banished prince of Valor.

By the time the sun started to roll toward the horizon, Rivergate had grown eerily quiet. Now, only the seven Saints remained in the ancient fortress, calmly preparing for battle. The Saints from the House of Night were grim and full of murderous desire for vengeance... the three government Saints were strangely nonchalant.

Or maybe not so strangely. Two of them were the survivors of the Forgotten Shore, after all, while the third was Soul Reaper Jet — Morgan wasn't even sure if it was possible for them to lose composure.

'Like Nephis.‘

Morgan briefly contemplated destroying the Gateway of Rivergate, but then discarded that idea. It would not mean much for the war, anyway — not in the long run, at least. The infrastructure of the Sword Domain would suffer greatly, though, and it would be hard to rebuild after the war was over.

If there would be anyone left to rebuild, that was.

"Death! Death!"

Morgan stared at the annoying crow that seemed to always follow Soul Reaper around with displeasure.

She scowled slightly.

"What are you saying, stupid bird?"

The crow stared back at her, then fluttered its wings in the air.

"Bird! Bird!"

Morgan sighed and shook her head. What was she doing talking to an Echo? Finally, their preparations were complete. She threw one last glance at the river, which shone beautifully in the radiance of a blazing sunset, and took a canteen of water off her belt.

Opening the lid, Morgan took a sip of water, then poured the rest on the paved surface of the rampart.

For a moment, she could see her reflection in the puddle, surrounded by the reflections of the six Saints.

Then, her reflection smiled.

And spoke.

"...It has been awhile, my dear sister."

None of the Saints reeled back, but those of them from the House of Night visibly paled... even Saint Aether, who used to the ideal of composure and decorum in the past, seemed unnerved.

Morgan nodded somberly, not paying the young man any attention.

"Indeed. The last time I saw you... was it when you failed to kill me and ran away to save your sorry skin? And right after giving the big speech about how uncompromising your desire to see me dead was, no less. That must have been quite embarrassing for you."

Her reflection laughed.

"Ah... what a sweet memory! You floundering in the dirt, too weak to stand up... I truly cherish it a lot."

Morgan gritted her teeth, the familiar feeling of shame cutting her like a blade. Mordret had taught her what shame was, as well.

Her reflection, meanwhile, pretended to look around.

"I see you've evacuated the town. How very unlike you, my dear sister. I would have rather expected you to string every man and woman living there on the fortress walls, to serve as padding. That would be more in line with our family's style, wouldn't it?"

The reflection smiled pleasantly.

"...Of course, nothing is stopping me from going after the boats first, and then returning here to finish you off."

Morgan met his smile with one of her own.

"Funny you should mention boats. Tell me, did you crash the Night Garden into the shore because of some devious plan, or simply because you couldn't properly control it?"

At that moment, Soul Reaper sighed.

"Are you really just going to trade insults?"

Morgan's reflection shifted its gaze to the three government Saints. Its smile suddenly brightened.

"Saint Jet, Saint Kai, Saint Athena... it warms my heart to see you again, my old comrades. Naeve, Bloodwave, and Aether too. I cherish the memories of conquering Nightmares and battling the Stormsea side by side with you all, as well."

Saint Naeve stared at the reflection coldly, then uttered through gritted teeth: "You vile creature..."

The reflection remained silent for a few moments, its smile slowly draining away. Eventually, it stared at them with an eerie, inhuman expression.

Seeing her own face wearing it was a little disturbing, even for Morgan.

The reflection spoke once again, this time not bothering to put on a human mask:

"I am going to say it once. The six of you... have nothing to do with this. This is between me and the Great Clan Valor — a family affair, if you will. So, I'll give you a chance to escape. Surrender the fortress and leave. Then, I will spare your lives."

Saint Naeve looked at the reflection darkly.

"It is indeed a family affair. Our family, which you slaughtered!"

Soul Reaper Jet, meanwhile, just shrugged nonchalantly.

"It would be really inconvenient for me if you conquer Bastion. So... sorry. We'll stay."

Her crow chose that solemn moment to caw loudly:

"Sorry! Sorry!"

Morgan glanced at the stupid bird, shook her head, and looked back at her reflection.

"It must be getting really crowded in your head, huh? Did you really think they would take you up on that offer?"

The reflection remained motionless for a few moments, then suddenly smiled. "Not really. But I had to ask for the sake of politeness. Not that that is out of the way..."

Its smile turned bleak and eerie.

"...Prepare to die, I guess. Ah, I have really waited for this moment for a long, long time."

A moment later, the wall under their feet trembled slightly.

And at the same time, the water of the river far downstream churned, revealing several gargantuan shapes.

Morgan looked at the sunset and took a long, deep breath.

Scarlet sparks danced around her head, forming into a black helmet.

"Prepare for battle."

And just like that, the battle for Rivergate began.

**********


                                Chapter 1913 Devastation
--------------------
The battle for Rivergate began at sunset.

...By the time the sun rose from behind the horizon once more, the ancient fortress was gone.

The towering gates of the great locks were bent, broken, and torn off their hinges. 'l‘he impregnable walls had crumbled. The enchanted siege weapons had been reduced to dust.

The river, which had been held back by the immense dam for thousands of years, had broken free and rushed toward the distant sea.

The devastating flood had demolished the smoldering ruins and washed away the traces of the dreadful battle. The artificial lake around which the city had been built dried up, revealing its muddy slopes. The basin of the river below the cliffs, on the contrary, was flooded.

The entire landscape of the region had been devastated and reshaped, becoming almost unrecognizable. A great waterfall roared as it plummeted from the tall cliffs, while the stronghold of Clan Dagonet was no more.

‘...What a pity.‘

Morgan looked at the ruins of Rivergate with a wistful expression.

With the loss of the ancient stronghold, the Sword Domain would grow a little weaker, while the Song Domain would grow a little stronger. But that was not the reason for her regret.

The real reason was that Bastion had lost its connection to the sea. Even if Godgrave was conquered by humans, it would never be a safe place — so, no matter which side won the war in the end, the Stormsea would become the connection between the two parts of the great human kingdom in the Dream Realm.

Without Rivergate, it would be much more difficult to establish trade routes to and from Bastion. And trade was the true engine of civilization.

'...Why am I even thinking about this?l

Morgan tiredly dismissed her helmet and spat out a torrent of blood.

The helmet had caved in by a devastating blow, and so had the right side of her face. She could feel the sharp edges of her shattered teeth cut into her tongue and the inside of her torn cheek... an unpleasant sensation, no doubt, but far from the worst of what she was feeling right now.

Mordret had been like a calamity, descending upon them in all his cold, inhuman fury. They had managed to give him a good fight — quite an excellent one, really — but at the end of the day, it was all for naught. They stood no chance against him.

So, Morgan had commanded her six subordinates to retreat, and stayed back to stall the enemy for a little while.

She was starting to regret that decision a bit, now.

"You don't look so well, my dear sister."

Her brother‘s insidious voice was not mocking or full of dark glee, but rather cold and indifferent. Strangely enough, that only made it sound more frightening.

Morgan looked at herself quietly.

'It's true...‘

Her armor had been breached and broken. Her body was terribly mutilated, and one of her arms was practically severed... a commendable accomplishment, really, considering how tough and durable her flesh was. Blood was flowing from countless wounds, painting the shattered stones beneath her into vibrant shades of scarlet — the same color as her strange eyes.

Her bloody lips twisted into a grin.

"Really? I think red is my color, though."

Mordret simply stared at her, probably trying to guess what her next move would be.

His own body did not bear many wounds, because he had used the Transcendent vessels to shield it. The stolen bodies of the Saints of Night were worse for wear — especially those who had fought Raised by Wolves — but sadly, none had been destroyed. His soul had not been damaged too severely, either, despite having faced Soul Reaper Jet.

Mordret knew just how dangerous she was, so he had made sure to suppress her in particular during the battle.

All of them had fought valiantly, but none managed to stop his terrifying assault.

Naeve and Bloodwave had battled their former clansmen in the depths of the river, two against four, making it boil. Nightingale alone had engaged four more vessels of the Prince of Nothing attacking from upstream.

Raised by Wolves had plunged into the water and almost tore the most powerful of the leviathans, a terrifying kraken, apart — and that was after wounding many by bombarding them with gargantuan javelins from high above. Aether had defended the walls, while Soul Reaper had played a deadly game of cat and mouse with four of Mordret's vessels in the south.

Morgan herself had engaged the true body of the mirror wraith.

...Hence her current sorry appearance.

She took a hoarse breath.

"I'll give it to you... brother. You are indeed great and terrible. To think that you have been able to obliterate an entire Great Clan... now only that, but you have even become no different from a Great Clan yourself. What a weird sentence to say... oh, but in any case, it is quite an amazing feat, for a single individual to change the entire flow of the war through his personal achievements."

She spat more blood, straightened slightly, and added in a neutral tone:

"But you know what?"

Mordret raised an eyebrow and remained silent. After a few moments, he shook his head.

"I am a little disappointed. I really expected more from you, sister."

Morgan smiled.

"What? Do you really think that this is it? Surely, no. No... you and I, we are only just starting."

With that, she pierced him with a sharp gaze, and called upon one of the enchantments stored deep within her body.

Instantly, her essence flowed like a tide, washing over her body and seeping deep into its every cell.

Morgan's smile swiftly turned less lopsided. Her caved face regained its previous shape, the deep cuts marring her flawless skin closing as if they had never existed. Her broken teeth were restored to their previous pristine condition. The countless wounds on her mangled body healed, while her arm, which was hanging by a thread, was pulled back by ropes of growing muscle, and was then attached back to where it belonged.

In just a few moments, Morgan was restored to perfect health, her body brimming with energy and overflowing with soul essence. It was as if she had not endured a grueling battle against her brother at all.

She moved a hand, and a deep cut split the stones between her and one of Mordret's vessels, almost severing its head.

Standing some distance away, Mordret scowled.

"...Now where did you find a healing enchantment as powerful as that?" Morgan simply smiled.

"I guess you might say that I saw it in a Nightmare."

**********


                                Chapter 1914 Floodgates Open
--------------------
Morgan raised her sword and pointed it at the man who called himself her brother.

"...I've collected a few other enchantments in preparation for meeting you one day, brother. Would you like to see?"

Slowly, a dangerous light ignited in his mirror—like eyes, and his thin lips twisted into a cold smile.

"Sure, why not? Ah... I do wonder how long your essence will last. If I cut off both of your arms this time, would you have to spend more? No, actually, I think I'll take your eyes. I remember losing one to your blade once, so it will only be fair."

Morgan pierced him with a burning gaze, wishing that she could destroy this monster here and now.

Then, she gritted her teeth and called upon another enchantment.

There were all kinds of Memories in the world, and Morgan's Ascended Ability allowed her to assimilate their enchantments into her body. There were limits to that power, of course, and a price that had to be paid for using it.

However, it granted her a unique level of versatility, made her supremely unpredictable in battle, and most of all, granted her great power.

If he wished so and had enough time to prepare, she could fly like Nightingale, become a colossus like Raised by Wolves, cut souls like Soul Reaper Jet, command darkness like the Lord of Shadows... even unleash incinerating flames like Changing Star.

Sadly, nothing of what she could do — at least currently — could allow her to defeat her monstrous brother and his thirteen Transcendent vessels alone.

So, she did not try.

Her goal at Rivergate had been accomplished, anyway.

The enchantment she called upon was powerful, but simple — it allowed her to travel across great distances in an instant, as long as she had established an anchor point in advance.

Morgan had placed an enchanted anchor on the shore of the river while traveling to Rivergate from Bastion, and now, it was as if she was being pulled back to it by a force overwhelming enough to pierce space itself.

As Mordret and his vessels readied themselves to repel Morgan's trump-card attack...

She simply vanished into thin air, leaving no trace behind.

Mordret froze for a moment, staring at where his sister had been a split second ago in disbelief. His gaze became unfocused for a moment, traveling across the myriad reflections in the vast area around Rivergate.

Morgan was nowhere to be found.

Suddenly, a wry chuckle escaped from his lips, and he threw an amused look north.

His eyes glistened with dark, mad killing intent.

"...l'll see you in Bastion, then."

****

A moment later, Morgan found herself on the shore of the river, flying through the air at terrible speed. She hit the ground roughly and rolled several times, smashing a couple of boulders into dust with her steel body. Eventually, she came to a halt in a cloud of dust, just a few meters from the edge of the water. It was a less than graceful entrance, to say the least.

Grimacing in annoyance, she flipped onto her back and slowly sat up.

The desolate ruins of Rivergate were gone, replaced by the picturesque view of the Sword Domain's heartland. The clear water of the river glistened in the golden light of dawn, and ancient trees swayed in the light breeze, their emerald leaves rustling like a sea.

Of course, there were all kinds of horrors hiding beneath the surface of the water, and the tall trees could pull you under the ground with their roots to serve as nourishment for the rustling leaves. The Dream Realm could often be beautiful, but it was never kind.

Today, however, everything was peaceful and quiet, as if the river and the forest were afraid to make a sound.

And for a good reason.

There was a majestic dragon laying on the shore of the river, his midnight-blue scale almost turning black in the sunlight. A woman with icy-blue eyes was leaning on his side, emanating a feeling of chilling cold. Another woman, this one seemingly cast of polished steel, was gnawing on a bone of a slain abomination near a fire nearby.

Two great shadows were hiding under the water, and a young man in a suit of damaged armor was sitting on the shore, staring into the water with a bleak expression.

As she appeared, everyone turned in her direction.

They were battered and bloodied, but alive.

The young man was the first one to speak:

"Lady Morgan! You... you have survived."

She spared him a short glance, then turned away.

"...It's quite insulting to see you acting so surprised, Lord Aether. Of course, I did."

Morgan couldn't help but treat the young man coldly.

Aether used to be one of the most promising young Saints of the House of Night... when it still existed. He was strong, talented, valiant, and excellent in all regards. In fact, back when Clan Valor had been in talks with the House of Night to forge an alliance through marriage, it was Saint Aether who was supposed to become her fiancé.

The negotiations had fallen through, of course, and although Morgan knew that it was for a political reason... she couldn't help but feel personally slighted by the man. Which was ironic, honestly, considering that she had not really wanted negotiations to succeed, feeling ambivalent about the whole affair.

Still...

'Look who crawled back to beg me for help after rejecting me so firmly...‘

Of course, she did not let these childish thoughts show on her face.

At that moment, the surface of the water broke, and the head of an enormous sea serpent rose above the water, looking at her with two giant indigo eyes. Saint Naeve assumed his human form and walked onto the shore, looking slightly worse for wear after the tough battle.

He gave her a bow.

"Lady Morgan."

The older Nightwalker hesitated for a few moments, and then shook his head. "It is good that you are unharmed. However, the enemy... I simply can't understand how an individual can be that strong. What kind of monster has your clan created?"

She gave him a bleak look.

"First of all... it wasn't us who created him. If anything, my clan had been protecting the world from that thing for many years. Secondly — he is that strong because he is the first human in the history of our world who has attained a Divine Aspect. Yes, those do exist. But actually... we are in luck."

Naeve scowled.

"You call that luck?"

Morgan let out a tired sigh and smiled at him.

Unlike Aether, she quite liked Saint Naeve. That was because she had met his daughter briefly while arranging for the survivors of the House of Night to be taken care of, and the little girl was positively sweet.

"Indeed. Because what you have witnessed at Rivergate is merely half of that monster's strength. He did not even bring out his Reflections... given the circumstances, we might very well assume that he is unable to do so at the moment, for whatever reason. So, yes. Count yourself lucky."

The dragon raised its head and looked at her, which made Morgan's shiver.

A moment later, a deep, melodious voice resounded in her ears:

"We lost Rivergate. What now?"

Morgan hesitated for a few moments.

She could evacuate the modest town that had grown around the Citadel of House Dagonet, but there were tens of millions of people living in Bastion. They would not be able to flee anywhere when the war came knocking on their door.

Of course...

Bastion was not just any Citadel, but a Great one. It had a power of its own, and if she used that power well, the outcome of her battle against Mordret would be...

Less set in stone than it seemed, at the moment.

Rising to her feet, Morgan shrugged.

"Now, we rush back to Bastion and prepare for a siege."

A pale smile twisted her bloodied lips.

"If I can have my way, that siege is going to be a long one…”

**********


                                Chapter 1915 Broken Balance
--------------------
A hideous abomination lunged at a screaming soldier, only to have an arrow pierce its eye and tumble to the ground. As the massive beast rolled in the red moss, another was already climbing over its dead body.

"Grab him!"

Rain took a shaky step back, necking another arrow on the string. As she strained her muscles to draw the Beast of Prey, two Awakened warriors of the Seventh Legion dashed forward, grabbed the soldier, and dragged him back toward the crumbling phalanx.

The man was missing both legs and bleeding profusely, his screams drowning in the horrid cacophony of the battle. He was going to bleed to death shortly — if not for Fleur, that was, whose Aspect allowed her to stem bleeding and hasten healing.

The dying soldier was thrown to the ground behind the loose line of the melee vanguard, and she immediately fell to her knees next. to him, reaching with both bloodied hands to treat his terrible wounds.

The delicate young woman had lost her usual sweet bearance and luster, looking grim and haggard. Her beautiful silk robe was painted red by blood, and her red hair was soaked with sweat. She gritted her teeth, which made her fair face look even paler.

Rain did not have time to see if her friend was doing alright. She barely managed to take aim before letting go of the string, then stumbled another step back

All around them, the expedition force of the Song Army was drowning in a seemingly endless tide of abominations. There was no end to them, and the hideous corpses kept piling, forming a morbid rampart around the stubbornly resisting human legions.

That rampart of bleeding flesh, at least, slowed the Nightmare Creatures down. The scale of the battle was inconceivable. There were countless Awakened warriors, more than a thousand Masters, and three dozen Saints battling the frenzied hordes of Nightmare Creatures under the blinding radiance of the cloudy sky.

The ground was quaking, the air was permeated by an unbearable stench of blood, and the abominable jungle was burning all around them, black pillars of smoke rising above the chaotic battlefield.

Tamar and Ray were just ahead, holding back the flood of Nightmare Creatures as part of the first line. Rain was using her enchanted bow and stunning archery skill to support them, while Fleur played the role of the field medic.

The situation was dire.

The expedition force led by Lady Seishan had made it all the way across the Collarbone Plain, reaching the great fissure that led to the vicinity of the supposed Citadel. The march had been a feverish nightmare of gruesome battles and appalling bloodshed, but they had arrived at their destination with relative ease.

The jungle had been pushed back and burned, its inhabitants had been obliterated. A chain of fortified forts had been raised along the way, encircling lesser cracks in the bone plain, their garrisons tasked with holding back the scarlet infestation.

The soldiers were growing used to the deathly threat posed by the sky, so fewer and fewer of them lost their lives when the veil of clouds parted. The Transcendent champions of the Song Domain were learning how to deal with the scarlet infestation better, as well.

The great fissure was now behind them, vast like a valley, with scarlet tendrils protruding from it akin to bulging hills. The dreadful Hollows were far below, teeming with ancient horrors and Nightmare Creatures so fierce that even Saints were not safe from their fangs and claws...

The plan had been for the army to camp near the edge of the fissure while the elite conquest force went into the dim darkness of the Hollows to conquer the Citadel. Sadly, there had been a wrinkle in that plan.

That was because a terrifyingly vast and inexplicable horde of Nightmare Creatures suddenly emerged from the jungle and rushed at the expedition force like a tidal wave, threatening to swallow the entire army.

No one knew where the abominations had come from in such great numbers and why. However, in hindsight, their appearance was only logical — Godgrave was not just a place, after all, but also an eerie and bizarre ecosystem. Everything here was connected.

When the Sword Army initiated its conquest. of the Collarbone Plain from the east, they had destroyed and incinerated vast swathes of the scarlet jungle. Their advance disturbed the balance of the ecosystem, driving countless Nightmare Creatures west — which, in turn, displaced even more abominations, forming a terrible stampede of monsters.

The army led by Lady Seishan was now under threat of being buried under that monstrous avalanche.

The cause and timing of it all were so deadly and unfortunate for the warriors of Song that Rain couldn't help but think that the person in charge of the Sword Army had somehow known that this would happen, and caused it deliberately. How devious did one have to be to use absolute chaos to their advantage?

In any case, the Song Army was now surrounded, with their backs pressed against the edge of the great fissure, with nowhere to retreat and no chance but to fight.

Which was what they had been doing for many hours, killing countless abominations... and still, there was no end to them.

Worse still, there were dreadful Nightmare Creatures climbing out of the Hollows to attack the rear of the battle formation, as well — each vastly more powerful than those attacking from the front. Because of that, the attention of the Song Saints was split, and the front line received far less support from the Transcendent champions than it needed.

Lady Scishan was in the rear, as well, holding the ancient predators of the Hollows back while her army was being slowly consumed by the nightmare stampede. The Seventh Legion was currently being commanded by her personal retinue, the Blood Sisters.

Just as Rain thought about it, one of them appeared in view.

A swift silhouette of a beautiful woman with a slender figure plummeted from somewhere above, diving into the horde of Nightmare Creatures like a splash of red. Blood spilled like a river, and her crimson garments fluttered as she tore through the flood of abominations, rending them with what seemed like her bare hands.

Even though the Blood Sisters were merely Masters, each of them was worth a cohort of Ascended in battle. With just that woman alone joining the fray, the pressure on Rain's span of the front line lessened significantly, and she could finally catch her breath.

'Ah... I'm tired...‘

The Blood Sisters were cold and unapproachable, usually keeping to themselves, so they seemed a little mysterious. Because of that, there were many strange rumors floating around about them — however, Rain did not care about those rumors one bit.

As far as she was concerned, these older sisters were the epitome of grace and coolness. At the moment, especially, she was ready to kowtow in front of them and sing them endless praise.

Using the momentary lull in the onslaught of abominations, she staggered toward Fleur and patted the delicate girl on the shoulder.

"Fleur... recharge, please..."

Even her seemingly inexhaustible Awakened endurance was being sorely tested by the grueling demands of this battle. The delicate young woman's

Dormant Ability, meanwhile, could alleviate one's fatigue.

That was just what Rain needed after drawing the heavy string of her enchanted bows so many times.

Fleur looked up at her, forced out a smile, and raised her hand.

In the next moment, Rain felt as if she had been given a second wind. Of course, it was more like a sixth or seventh wind, already... in any case, her body felt reinvigorated, and a new strength filled her limbs.

She smiled back.

"Thanks."

Then, she nocked another arrow and drew her bow once again, quickly searching for new prey. She had already wounded, maimed, and killed many Nightmare Creatures...

What frightened her, though, was that no matter how many of them they killed, there did not seem to be fewer of the horrid creatures still hungering to taste their blood…

**********


                                Chapter 1916 Burning the Bridges
--------------------
A few moments later, the Blood Sister escaped from the tide of abominations, sliding dozens of meters back on the slick surface of the ancient bone. Coming to a halt just behind the frontliners, she straightened calmly, her beautiful face smeared with blood... none of which was her own.

Blood was also dripping from her hands, soaking the edges of her sleeves.

Her eyes, however, were eerily calm, as if she had not just perpetrated a brutal slaughter in the midst of a frenzied horde of Nightmare Creatures and then escaped unscathed. Her crimson garments had no tears in them, and her expression was cold and emotionless.

By mere coincidence, the Blood Sister was standing just a few steps away, so Rain could see every detail. She allowed herself to stare for a moment, then looked back at the carnage in front, worriedly searching for '.|_'amar's swift figure.

It was easy to spot the young Legacy due to the fact that she moved like lightning, stepping on air to slay the abominations while avoiding their claws. Her giant zweihander was like a white blur, severing enormous beasts in half and taking off their limbs.

'...Still alive.‘

The entire formation was pushed back, and Rain took another step back, as well. Her body was not exhausted yet thanks to Fleur, and her mind had not turned numb yet thanks to the Puppeteer's Shroud.

She drew her bow, aimed, and put another arrow through an abomination‘s eye. Usually, it would have been difficult for her to kill a Beast of such Rank in one shot, but her bow had an enchantment that enhanced the damage each of her arrows dealt. Her aim was even better, and she rarely failed to strike a weak point.

Just then, another Blood Sister appeared near the first — this one had come from the rear of the formation, with a somber look on her face.

The first Ascended turned her bloodied face toward her.

"What is it?"

The second answered in an even tone:

"Lady Seishan sends orders."

Rain could not help but hear their conversation, so her heart started to beat faster.

She did not see a way for the army to survive this avalanche of Nightmare Creatures... not without suffering crippling casualties, at least. But maybe the person in charge of the whole expedition had a solution.

The Blood Sister paused for a moment and then continued:

"There is no hope of withstanding this stampede in a frontal battle. We are to retreat into the Hollows."

The first one raised an eyebrow.

"Everyone? Awakened soldiers, too?"

The over Ascended nodded.

"Lady Seishan has already descended into the fissure to cleanse a landing zone for the army. The other Saints will hold the line while the troops follow. The Seventh Legion's precise orders are..."

Rain gulped.

Among all military maneuvers, an organized retreat was probably the hardest to pull off. One that included an orderly descent from a vertical cliff, though... was almost unheard of.

And they were not descending to safety, either. Instead, they were descending into the Hollows — a place where the weakest abomination could devour a Saint.

She suddenly felt cold despite the suffocating heat.

An army of Awakened would not survive in the Hollows... not without the support of a Sovereign's Domain, at least. Which meant that their only chance to live on was to reach the Citadel and conquer it.

By giving such an order, Lady Seishan was basically burning the bridges behind herself.

Well, it wasn't like they had a choice. They weren't going to survive this nightmare tide, either.

Rain sighed, and then furtively glanced at her shadow.

'...He‘d better give me another Memory if I survive this. Two Memories, even. Before too long, there was the sound of a war horn, and the Song Army started the dreadful and laborious process of retreating into the vast fissure.

With how many soldiers there were in the expedition force, the process wasn't fast, and the battle had only grown more fierce as troops were pulled back and sent rappelling into the fissure.

The engineering corps had swiftly established moving platforms to hasten the process, and those with Aspect Abilities that could help in the descent were recalled to the rear.

Surrounded from all sides, the Song legions were gradually backing under the onslaught of an endless stampede of Nightmare Creatures. If they were too slow, they would be swallowed by the flood of abominations. If they were too fast, the fragile formation would crumble, and countless soldiers would be pushed into the chasm, finding gruesome deaths after a long fall.

Rivers of blood spilled onto the white surface of the ancient bone.

Through all of that, Rain and her cohort had somehow stayed alive.

Fleur had run low on essence and ceased healing the soldiers, only using her Dormant Ability to help them stay in the fight. Ray stumbled back at some point, miserable and cradling a grisly wound. Tamar had assumed command of the entire centuria they were assigned to, at some point — simply because the Ascended centurion had died, and there was nowhere else to replace him.

Rain herself had used up all the essence stored in the Beast of Prey, felling an especially powerful abomination with a Death Dealer shot. By then, the front line of the legion had a few breaches in it, so she dismissed her how, manifested the Mark of Shadows into a serpentine black tachi, and moved forward to join the melee fighters.

She was now protecting Tamar's back as the two of them fought desperately against the frenzied Nightmare Creatures.

Rain was controlling her soul essence with intricate finesse, which made her capable of displaying bursts of greater strength and speed than most Awakened could muster while spending less essence. Her swordsmanship was precise and deadly, and her mind was in a state of clarity... that was how he was barely managing to stay alive.

The Seventh Legion was one of: the last ones to descend into the fissure.

By then, most of the Awakened soldiers had already entered the Hollows, and only the Saints were left on the surface, defending a much narrower battlefront with all their might.

Rain would have loved to observe these legendary figures unleash their powers in any other circumstances, but today, she just wanted to get away from the fury summoned by these human monsters.

Could they even be called humans?

From the few glimpses she had caught, Saints were much closer to demigods. "Wake the hell up, Rani!"

Tamar, covered in monster blood and pale as a ghost, pushed her onto a shaky wooden platform and then dragged Ray and Fleur to follow.

Around a hundred more soldiers crowded the platform, which then began to jerkily move down. The ropes creaked, and a few moments later, the surface of the white bone hid the battlefield from their view. Everyone felt tense, happy to escape from the terrible battle, but also apprehensive about the sturdiness of the platform and wary of what would happen next.

Rain let out a tired sigh, then crawled to the edge of the platform on all fours and carefully looked down.

There, far below...

The Hollows were waiting for them, full of darkness and terror.

**********


                                Chapter 1917 Fast Promotion
--------------------
Once the platform passed the great width of the porous hone, they were surrounded by emptiness from all sides. The vast Hollow sprawled beneath them, drowning in darkness. Here and there, radiant pillars of light fell from the cracks in its dome and illuminated the ancient jungle...

No one knew what unspeakable horrors hid under its impenetrable scarlet canopy, so the soldiers shivered, trying to distance themselves from the edges of the platform as much as possible.

Rain simply sat on the creaking wood, trying to catch her breath. She did look at the alien landscape below, but only for a short moment — seasoned hunters like her knew not to stare at the Dream Realm too closely.

Lest something stared back.

She looked at Ray.

"How's your wound?"

The young man was pale and uncharacteristically quiet. Fleur was treating him, but with how low she was on essence, the process was taking time.

The young man forced out an unconvincing smile.

"I'll live."

Then, he glanced down and paled even more.

"...Until we reach the ground, at least."

Tamar dismissed her helmet and sat down near Rain, swiping back her sweaty hair. She scowled and looked at him with scorn.

"Why are you worried? You have escaped the Hollows before — as a mere Sleeper and completely alone. You are an Awakened now, and we are surrounded by an entire army."

Ray stared at her gloomily.

"Don‘t remind me! I still have nightmares about that day... I mean, I would have, if I could dream..."

The other soldiers heard their conversation and turned, looking at the young man in disbelief.

"...Is that true, Ray? You survived the Hollows as a Sleeper?"

Ray seemed startled by the question.

"What the... wait, have I not regaled you guys with the amazing story of our chilling winter solstice? If that's the case, then — why, yes! Listen here... it happened on a dark and gloomy night..."

He launched into the story, making Rain wince — she had heard it retold at least a dozen times, after all, and each was more unwieldy than the previous one. Still, she couldn't help but notice that the expressions of the soldiers eased a little as they listened to Ray talk. All of them were frightened, and hearing that three Sleepers had escaped from the Hollows alive gave them some much—needed solace, and maybe even a little hope.

It was probably Tamar's reason for bringing up their winter solstice all along. Ray had been distracted from his wound, as well.

'Ilow sneaky.‘

That girl knew how to be subtle, as well.

Soon, the platform reached the ground, and they all disembarked, looking around with wary apprehension.

All around them, the battered soldiers of the expedition force were sprawled on the ground, resting, or hurriedly wolfing down their rations. The wounded were being treated, the dead or missing were being tallied and mourned.

"Seventh Legion? Your position is right ahead!"

They were corralled to a particular area and left to their devices for a while. No one knew how long this rest would last, so the soldiers did not waste any time and dropped down, unpacking their provisions and dismissing their armor to bandage shallow wounds.

Tamar‘s cohort was no different.

"What do you think the commanders will do now?"

Fleur's voice sounded subdued... but not at all meak. Rain had assumed that the delicate girl was really soft at first, but after getting to know her better, she realized that their sweet healer had more spine than most Awakened.

She shrugged and looked into the darkness.

"We'll know soon."

They weren't properly in the Hollows yet. The fissure the army had used to descend here was so vast that sunshine freely poured down, and so, the scarlet infestation in a wide area was no older than on the surface. It had already been annihilated by the advance party led by Lady Scishan, making the landing zone relatively safe.

But not peaceful.

The sounds of the fighting above barely reached here, but there were other sounds reaching the makeshift camp from somewhere in the darkness — Lady Seishan and Death Singer were currently there, facing the old monsters of the Hollows in a bloody battle to clear a path for the army.

Deadly Nightmare Creatures in front of them, a vast horde of abominations behind them...

The expedition force was in a perilous position.

'Well... there's not much we can do about it.‘

All they could do was fill their stomachs, replenish their strength, and prepare for battle.

Which was exactly what they did.

Half an hour later, a weary adjutant approached from deeper in the camp and gave something to Tamar, then ran off after saying a few words. The young Legacy remained motionless for a few moments, then sighed and sat back down. Then, she attached a pin in the form of a blood drop to her armor, and threw another one, this one much smaller, to Rain.

"Congratulations, Rani. I guess you're my right-hand man now, which technically makes you a junior officer."

Rain caught the pin, raised an eyebrow, and asked in an amused tone: "Goodness. I'm so honored I can cry. Right... what does it make you, then?" Tamar stared at her bleakly.

"A captain. No, wait... a centurion, technically, since we're in a Royal Legion." Ray whistled.

"Ever the overachiever."

The entire composition of the Song Army was a bit of a mess. There were brigades and divisions, following the unit structure borrowed from mundane armies, but also the seven Royal Legions, which did not.

The legions consisted of centuriae, which were supposed to consist of a hundred Awakened warriors, but were actually larger than that. In any case, these units of Awakened were usually led by an Ascended officer, called a centurion. Tamar wasn't the first Awakened in the Song Army who had been given the command of a centuria, but she was definitely the youngest.

It was indeed quite an achievement.

The young Legacy did not seem too impressed, though. Instead, she grimaced and asked in a grumbling tone:

"Whatever. Is the food ready?"

Fleur smiled.

"Coming right up!"

They ate a simple, but filling meal in silence. After that, another messenger arrived, dropping a scattering of shimmering crystals in front of them.

Rain's eyes glistened.

'Finally!‘

The crystals were, of course, soul shards.

**********


                                Chapter 1918 Growing Strength
--------------------
The souls shards were some of those that the engineers had time to scavenge from the corpses of the Nightmare Creatures in the recent battle. That task was important enough that it had to be completed even in the middle of the most terrifying clashes... after all, with every soldier that managed to fully saturate their soul core, the strength of the Song Army grew.

Tamar had long saturated hers, so the share of their cohort was divided three ways between Rain, Fleur, and Ray.

Today, that meant that Rain received about a dozen shards. The rewards were distributed according to the contribution of a cohort, and theirs always performed exemplary... granted, in a chaotic situation like this one, no one was actually keeping score — usually, the centurions would make reports to legion command after the battle, and the allocation of spoils would be decided later on. But their centurion was dead, and the battle was not even over yet. So... Rain felt lucky to even receive anything.

All of these shards were of a higher Rank than Rain herself was, as well. It was a sizeable boon.

Forgetting her worries for a few minutes, she concentrated on shattering the shimmering crystals in her fist.

And look at that! She did not even need to use the pommel of her knife to break them. Just her Awakened strength was enough.

'I'll never grow used to it...'

A stray grin somehow found its way onto Rain's face.

She had not been Awakened for long, so the novelty of possessing superhuman strength was yet to lose its luster. She loved the feeling of being strong, of being powerful... after all, it was the feeling of powerlessness that had instilled into her the desire to step on the path of Ascension all those years ago, to begin with. Rain still remembered the day when a Nightmare Gate opened near her school clearly. The panic, the dazed faces of the students, the teachers who tried to look calm in front of the children, but still couldn't hide their fear.

She was supposed to die on that day, most likely. But through a twist of fate, somehow, she survived. An Awakened warrior appeared out of nowhere at the last moment, shielding Rain from the lunging abomination and slaying it with a single slash of her sword.

Rain's memories of that Awakened were strangely blurry... well, it wasn't that surprising, considering her mental stare at that moment. She vaguely remembered a graceful black armor, a feminine silhouette, and a cold indifference with which the unknown woman cut down one Nightmare Creature after another, not letting a single one pass.

In the end, none of the students died. The teachers had survived, as well. And Rain... Rain had come to know that she never wanted to feel that weak again. For her parents, for her siblings, and for herself as well.

Her path to Awakening had been a long and brutal one. She often complained and berated her teacher for his whimsical antics and unreasonable demands, wondering why she was putting herself through all that grief... but she had never once regretted her decision to strive for strength, and had never once regretted agreeing to her teacher‘s offer.

Even if Rain died in this godforsaken land, she would probably still die feeling gratified for having chosen strength over weakness. Strength... was a bit intoxicating, like a sweet drug.

And with each soul shard she absorbed, Rain grew stronger.

The improvement was small and incremental, but noticeable... especially now that she had already absorbed close to two hundred of them. Since most, if not all, Nightmare Creatures in the Godgrave was of a higher Rank than Rain, her core was supposed to be getting close to full saturation. The same was probably true for most Awakened warriors of the Song Army, as well.

...She was still unclear on how to Ascend without the help of the Spell, but this increase in overall power was most welcome.

"What's that stupid grin for, Rani?"

Crushing the last soul shard, Rain glanced at Ray and winked at him.

"That? Oh, I'm just glad to be an archer. How is the frontline duty treating you, stealth boy?"

He gritted his teeth and hissed in outrage:

"Hey! That's a low blow!"

She simply laughed.

Sadly, Rain had not laughed for long when a new command arrived, stirring the entire camp.

"Assemble! Battle march formation! Hurry, hurry, hurry! Move!"

Tamar sighed and jumped to her feet, going about bringing their centuria to order. The soldiers seemed a little disoriented, but not very surprised by the sudden command — no one had expected to get a good rest in the Hollows. But why did the orders sound so urgent?

Soon enough, they found out.

"By the dead gods..."

High above them, ant-like figures appeared on the great vine bridges that stretched all the way to the surface, flowing down their twisting Width like a tide. The engineers, who had been desperately trying to destroy their roots, cursed and dashed away, dropping their tools as they ran.

It was a good decision — just a handful of seconds later, the first Nightmare Creature fell from above, its body hitting the ancient bone with a disgusting squelch.

The massive beast let out a shriek of agony, then struggled weakly, trying to stand up. Although its body was terribly damaged, it was still alive.

A split second later, there was another squelch, and then another.

...Driven mad by the smell of human souls, the horde of Nightmare Creatures was following the expedition force into the Hollows.

Rain broke her rule and stared at the flood of ant—like figures that covered the surface of the vine bridges far above.

Her hands shook a little.

'Well... crap.‘

On second thought, maybe she should have chosen weakness over strength after all!

Then, the commanding shout of one of the Blood Sisters brought her back to reality.

"Move!"

Barely rested, the Song Army abandoned the relative safety of the illuminated area and marched into the darkness of the Hollows.

They were following a blood trail left by their commander, Princess Seishan. Behind them, more and more Nightmare Creatures fell from high above. The fastest of those abominations who managed to remain on the vine pillars were already halfway down.

The future looked bleak, just like the dim expanse of the great Hollow ahead.

**********


                                Chapter 1919 Ancient Jungle
--------------------
As the army marched into the jungle, several figures plummeted from high above to surround it. This time, however, they were not Nightmare Creatures — although some looked quite monstrous.

Instead, they were the Saints who had been holding the abomination tide back on the surface, and were retreating now that the enemy could not be stalled anymore.

Some had assumed their human forms to descend safely with the help of Memories, some were naturally able to fly while Transformed. Others simply took the fall, relying on the nature of their bestial bodies to withstand the damage. The thick canopy of the jungle helped cushion their fall, somewhat, but the impacts were still chilling.

In that brief moment, Rain noticed all kinds of awesome creatures.

There was a monstrous, but eerily beautiful harpy with flood dripping from her sharp claws and red lips. There was a giant with the head of a jackal, his towering body the color of obsidian. There was a hill—sized canine with three heads, his bloodied jaws powerful enough to grind mountains to dust. There was a horrid creature that resembled a horned lion with a viper for the tail, drops of venom dripping from its fangs.

There was even an enormous reptile with powerful hind legs and short, underdeveloped arms, its tyrannical footsteps making the ground shake.

The Saints were battered and bleeding, their powerful bodies a map of wounds. However, they did not seem to pay it any attention — landing on the ground, they instantly assumed positions around the army, ready to defend the soldiers from those inhabitants of the ancient jungle that had survived the passage of the daughters of Ki Song.

Sadly, the expedition force was so large that even three dozen Transcendent champions were not enough to protect everyone. The feeling of safety provided by the sight of them was an illusion.

Rain gripped her bow nervously as the scarlet canopy obscured the distant dome of the great Hollow.

Countless luminous Memories chased the darkness away, making it easy to see the surroundings. The jungle of the Hollows... was both similar and different to the one infesting the surface.

The shapes, the colors, and the smell were all the same. However, this jungle was much more ancient, therefore, more harrowing.

The trees were many times taller, the vines were as thick as a human body, and the moss was deep enough to swallow a person whole in some places...

Of course, to digest them.

The trees were just as hungry, and some of the vines moved like enormous snakes, ensnaring people and rending their bodies with razor-sharp thorns. There were blood-sucking insects the size of a human head and crawling bugs with mandibles long enough to bite off one's foot... those moved in swarms, of course, felling people and devouring them in a matter of seconds. Soon enough, the jungle was filled with the rustle of weapons and chilling screams.

The ancient jungle of the Hollows was absolutely deadly — and that was even after Princess Seishan and Death Singer had passed here, obliterating the most dangerous predators.

The traces of their passage were everywhere. The towering trees were snapped and shattered, the predatory vines torn apart. The hideously torn, enormous corpses of terrifying Nightmare Creatures were laying here and there like dark hills of torn flesh, lakes of fetid blood pooling below them.

In some places, entire swathes of the jungle were entirely destroyed, as if a hurricane had passed there.

Dark liquid was sipping from beneath the fallen trees.

Rain was stunned and horrified by the nightmarish reality surrounding her at first, but quickly grew numb to it. There was no time to feel fear, anyway. "Another one!"

She drew her bow and let an arrow loose, aiming at the buzzing of wings above. The blood-sucking horrors hid themselves in the thick canopy of the jungle and were too fast for an Awakened to see when they attacked — however, she could sense their shadows, see in the darkness, and hear them. That was just barely enough to give her a chance to hit the abominable vermin before they killed someone.

Their elongated, blade-like mouths were already deadly enough, leaving terrible wounds on the bodies of their victims. Much worse, they secreted some kind of toxin that paralyzed the victim, stopping a human heart in a matter of seconds. Usually, by the time the creature was noticed, it was already too late.

But not this time.

A blurry silhouette shot toward the marching soldiers from high above, but was intercepted by her arrow in the air. The wings and the carapace of these creatures were so tough that her enchanted bow couldn‘t even put a dent in them, but the soft belly was somewhat vulnerable.

Hit by the arrow, the blood—sucker lost balance and fell to the ground. Immediately, the Awakened soldiers rushed at it.

Their Memories were not powerful enough to kill the creature, so they struggled to immobilize it instead — special wire nets were thrown over the appalling insect, which it promptly tore apart and escaped. Luckily, the delay was enough for one of the Ascended to appear, shattering the creature‘s carapace with a devastating strike of their heavy mace.

At that time...

Not too far away, a soldier was screaming as he found himself drowning in the scarlet patch of moss. His comrades managed to pull him free, but by then, his lower legs had already dissolved in the digestive fluid.

At the same time...

A tall tree shook, and a rain of vermilion leaves fell from its branches. Each leaf was like a serrated blade, easily slicing through enchanted armor, flesh, and bone. A dozen soldiers fell to the ground, bleeding — some of them dead, some gravely wounded. Both the dead and the living were then pulled underground by the roots that emerged from beneath. Other humans tried to dig them up, but it was useless.

At the same time...

A vine covered in beautiful flowers released a cloud of scarlet pollen into the air, and a few soldiers that were not fast enough to escape dropped their weapons to the ground, walking into the red haze with empty expressions. By the time the pollen dissipated, they were gone — vanished without a trace, with not even footprints hinting at what might have happened to them. Rain covered her mouth with a hand, looking around with horror.

"I‘his... this is hell. It must be.’

All around the marching army, the Saints were engaged in desperate battles with the Great abominations that emerged from the jungle from time to time, attracted by the smell of human souls.

And behind the army, the tide of Nightmare Creatures was drawing closer with each minute, threatening to catch up with the formation's tail.

Surrounded and pursued, the warriors of Song marched toward the distant Citadel.

**********


                                Chapter 1920 Marching Through Hell
--------------------
Eventually, the already dire situation turned into absolute chaos.

The horde of Nightmare Creatures had caught up with the expedition force, and the rear of the formation became engrossed in a moving battle. Several Saints led the defensive efforts, slaughtering the menacing abominations with all their might.

The death toll among the Nightmare Creatures was high, but the soldiers were suffering heavy casualties, as well.

Luckily — or perhaps unfortunately — the mad frenzy of the pursuing Nightmare Creatures had caused a destructive chain reaction in the Hollows. The local predators were overcome by hunger and bloodlust at the sight of human troops, but they weren't happy to see the numerous abominations from the surface invade their territory, either.

To the Great Ones inhabiting the ancient jungle, the weak surface dwellers were nothing but prey, just like humans were.

For that reason, the pursuing horde suffered a terrifying massacre when appalling silhouettes lunged into it from the jungle. The ancient predators grew mad from the stench of blood, slaughtering everything they could see with chilling cruelty... a few of them fell, too, buried under an avalanche of hideous monsters.

The internal strife between the rightful rulers of the Hollows and the invading surface dwellers alleviated some of the pressure on the army, but not a lot of it. The expedition force was still bleeding lives -— not a staggering number of them, but more than ever before.

The people trapped in this morbid hell soon found themselves missing the unpredictable and inescapable radiance of the deadly sky. Who would have thought?

Rain, meanwhile...

Was missing the weird antics and ridiculous stories of her teacher.

In the past four years, she had lived through plenty of frightening situations. Hunting Nightmare Creatures as a mundane girl was not a safe vocation, after all... but he was always there, with her, talking her through the difficult ordeals and taking care of her when she felt lost.

He was still with her, hiding in her shadow, but because they were surrounded by thousands of soldiers, her teacher could not speak.

Even though Rain would never admit it, she would have loved to hear him tell an outrageously nonsensical story with a straight face right now.

'Let's see...‘

Breathing heavily, she helped 'l‘amar deal with a monstrous tick that had lunged at them from a branch and assessed how much essence she had left.

One benefit of not having an Aspect was that she rarely ran low on it, unlike other Awakened. So, Rain was doing quite fine, for now.

'What would he say in this situation?‘

Probably something like... "What, this? This is nothing! Have I told you about that time I climbed into a Cursed Terror‘s nest and stole its egg? l was actually looking for tasty fruit to treat someone special, but that nest was in the way..." Actually, he might have actually told her that one.

Or...

"The Hollows? Oh, I've been there. On a date, of sorts. With Lady Changing Star. Who is my girlfriend..."

Despite the dreadful situation, Rain smiled crookedly.

'Yeah, right.‘

She could actually believe that her teacher had stolen from a Cursed Terror once — he did look like the kind of scoundrel to attempt such lunacy — but that last one was too laughably ridiculous even by his standards.

Manifesting another arrow in her enchanted quiver, she nocked it on the string of her bow and took a deep breath.

'Let's just survive. Believe in Lady Seishan... she will not lead her army to certain doom.'

If not because she was a virtuous leader...

Then at least because she needed that army to fight the forces of the Sword Domain in the future.

'The Citadel must not be that far, by now.‘

And it wasn't.

Some time later, the Seventh Legion was sent to the rear of the formation. They steeled their hearts and plunged into the bloodshed, retreating slowly while holding back the frenzied mob of Nightmare Creatures. The Saints were fighting some distance away, breaking the tide, while the soldiers served as the shield of the formation.

In some ways, it was much more dangerous here, in the rear of the escaping army — that was because the abominations were numerous and driven to utter madness both by their lust for human souls and by the terror of the Great Ones rampaging in the horde far behind.

Between the ancient rulers of the Hollows and the human soldiers, countless Nightmare Creatures had already been slain, and more were dying each minute. But in other ways, fighting against them was much safer than marching further into the army formation. That was because most of the dangers hiding in the ancient jungle — like the blood-sucking horrors, the razor—sharp falling leaves, the man—eating patches of moss, and the clouds of scarlet pollen — would be dealt with or at least discovered by those who marched in the front.

After withstanding the flood of abominations for a while, the Seventh Legion was rotated to the head of the column.

By then, the army had almost caught up with the daughters of Ki Song.

Rain and the other legionnaires dragged their tired bodies to the front of the formation, where they were supposed to get a little rest. Since Lady Seishan and Death Singer were so close, the jungle was safer than before — its inhabitants had just been slaughtered by the Transcendent princesses, and those pests that had survived were hiding, afraid to attract their attention.

Finally, they caught sight of their general.

Lady Seishan was standing on the trunk of a fallen tree, her crimson dress ripped and soaked in blood. Her eyes were sunken, and a dark smile was twisting her alluring red lips.

Her sister was leaning on the trunk, huddled and covering her face with the hood of her black robe.

Rain was curious to know what they were looking at.

Up ahead, behind the fallen tree, the jungle receded, revealing a vast clearing. And there, in the distance...

She could finally see the Citadel.

**********

