Shadow Slave - PART 183
Chapters 1821 to 1830
==============================


                                Chapter 1821 A Thousand Steps
--------------------
Despite how tired Rain was, how badly she needed reprieve, she still sat on the ground and circulated her essence. Her body was absolutely motionless, but her soul was like a raging whirlpool.

At the heart of the whirlpool, soul essence was being refined into solid form by the crushing pressure. There were plenty of radiant grains there, already, sparkling like gemstones as they spun and collided. Rain could almost hear the melodious ringing, and feel her soul tremble slightly with each clash.

However, the brilliant gemstones were unable to fuse, yet. There weren't enough of them for that to happen.

She had to create more.

But it was such a slow and arduous process...

Rain was already doing much better than anyone was supposed to. After years of slaying Nightmare Creatures, her essence was especially potent. Her control of it was both forceful and intricate, remarkably precise - at least for someone below the Ascended Rank.

All she needed was time.

Sadly, Rain wasn't sure that she had any time left.

'I'm not fast enough…’

Deeply concerned, she gritted her teeth and concentrated wholly on controlling her essence.

When the moons reached the apogee of the cloudy sky, she allowed the raging whirlpool of her soul to dissipate and slumped, feeling like she was about to pass out from fatigue. . Dragging Tamar's conical helmet over with a weak hand, she drank half of the water that had accumulated inside and finally felt alive again.

A little.

Then, Rain woke the young Legacy up and curled on the ground, instantly falling asleep.

In the morning, her entire body felt broken. Rain had told Tamar that they would move on as soon as dawn broke, but in the end, they spent more time under the rock outcropping.

Rain knew that she wouldn't endure another day of dragging the stretcher with her hands, so something had to be done. After thinking for a while, she unsheathed her hunting knife and carefully separated the alloy mesh from the lining of her military jacket.

The alloy wire was very fine, but incredibly durable. She spent a lot of time patiently dismantling the mesh with the help of Tamar's enchanted dagger, then weaving the wires together. In the end, Rain was left with several meters of crude alloy rope.

The young Legacy was observing with an incredulous expression. Her pallor had become a little better, but she still looked terrible.

In fact, both of them did.

Tamar had always maintained a valiant and dashing image, quite in line with her exalted status as the daughter of an old Legacy clan. Rain might not have had the same background, but she still endeavored to look if not refined, then at least decent.

Now, both of them were dirty and wretched.

They were covered in mud from head to toe, with sunken eyes and chapped lips. Their hair was damp and tangled. Their clothes might have had color once, but now they were indistinguishable from the surrounding dirt.

It was a complete disgrace.

Looking at Rain, then at herself, Tamar smiled faintly.

"...Aren't we a sight to behold?"

It was good to see that she still had enough spirit to be humorous in this situation.

Continuing to weave wire rope, Rain smiled, as well.

"Indeed. Aren't we lucky that the Tyrant is blind? At least it won't be offended by our appearance when it eats us,"

Listening to Tamar chuckle in a weak voice, she fashioned one end of the wire rope into a simple harness, then secured the other end to the stretcher, Putting the harness on herself, Rain gave it a cautious tug.

'Much better.'

By then, she could already see the hideous giant far away in the distance. The abomination had not lost track of them despite the heavy rain. It was still following their scent, albeit a little slower.

‘Of course it is.’

"We have to go."

Tamar had seen the Tyrant, as well. Rain noticed that she never looked at it directly, keeping the creature in the periphery of her vision - just like Rain herself had been trained to do by her teacher.

Many Nightmare Creatures could sense when a gaze was directed at them. So, she had been taught to never look at abominations directly when stalking them.

'I guess Legacy training has something in common with mine.'

She wondered who had it tougher, and decided that it was probably her.

Helping Tamar onto the stretcher, Rain took a step forward. The wire rope dug into her skin, but it was much easier to pull the stretcher that way... which was not to say that it was easy,

Rain still struggled against the heavy weight.

She sighed quietly and gritted her teeth.

Hooking his fingers under the wire rope to spare her chest and abdomen from being cut by it, she leaned her body forward and pulled. Rain was like a beast of burden, and the stretcher was like a strange mud sled.

She was curious to see how long she would endure.

Step, step. Another step.

A thousand steps.

More...

The world narrowed down to a patch of drying mud in front of her, the feeling of the wire rope cutting into her shoulder, and the depleting struggle to pull the stretcher forward.

The air flowed into her lungs as she breathed hoarsely.

For a while, her mind was empty of thought, full of only the harsh sensation of physical strain.

Rain was doing fine for an hour or two, but then, a sense of deep, suffocating exhaustion slowly seeped into her muscles, filling her body with lead. The horizon seemed as distant as it had been before, and the barren wasteland was unchanged. She felt like she had made no progress at all, and therefore, her silent torment felt endless.

The lumbering silhouette of the blind Tyrant was still following them, far behind, prowling low to the ground.

Rain pushed forward stubbornly.

But at the same time...

A cold realization sent chills running down her spine.

'It's hopeless.'

She wasn't one to give up without a fight, but she also knew better than to fight a hopeless battle.

And this desperate struggle of hers was already lost.

Rain might be able to stay ahead of the Tyrant for a while - maybe for a day, or even a few. But sooner or later, the abuse she was putting her body through would take its toll. At some point, she wouldn't be able to keep the pace anymore. Then, she wouldn't be able to take another step, or even rise from the ground.

That was if nothing else killed her before that happened.

So, all she could do... was keep walking forward and pray that some miracle would save them. Maybe, if she bought enough time, they would stumble on a passing Saint who happened to be traversing the Moonriver Plain by chance. Maybe another abomination would get into a fight with Tyrant, dealing it a grievous wound. Maybe... maybe...

They would get lucky.

But Rain was not willing to entrust her life to dumb luck.

She had to think of something.

She continued to pull the stretcher across the mud, slowly forcing her mind to wake up from the numb slumber.

There had to be a way out. There always was.

After a dozen more steps... or maybe a thousand...

Rain's dark eyes suddenly glistened with ferocious determination.

**********


                                Chapter 1822 Miraculous Feat
--------------------
Actually, Rain already knew what miracle could save her. It wasn't a miracle that could happen to her, but rather a miracle she could make happen.

It was her Awakening.

Just like her teacher had said, it was the only solution to this lethal predicament.

The problem was that the formation of her soul core was far away, while the Tyrant was too close. The abomination was not drawing closer yet, but it would soon.

If Rain could rest with no distraction and concentrate on meditating steadily, there would have been hope of Awakening before the hideous giant caught its prey. But she had to escape from it, dragging Tamar across the wasteland, from dusk till dawn.

She had to rest at night to recover at least some of her strength, so there were only a few short hours for her to circulate her essence while keeping watch.

Those hours were woefully insufficient for the task at hand.

But actually...

Wasn't she looking at it all wrong?

Rain remembered the previous night. The cool sensation of water droplets falling on her face, the joy she felt. Back then, she was circulating her essence. She took Tamar's helmet and moved it from below the overhanging stone ridge to catch the rain, hoping to quench her unbearable thirst.

Which proved something vital.

It was that she could move and control her essence at the same time. As long as her concentration wasn't broken, Rain could do whatever she wanted while forming her core.

Of course, it wasn't easy to keep her essence under control when doing something else. It was already hard enough to maintain the raging whirlpool while in a state of perfect peace, not to mention extremely tiring.

And yet, if she could circulate her essence while traversing the wasteland, then she wouldn't just have a few pitiful hours at night to form her core. Instead, she could keep forming it constantly, for as long as her mental fortitude allowed it.

Rain felt a strange compulsion to laugh and cry at the same time.

'Of course... of course! Why not?'

She was already doing something unprecedented by trying to Awaken without the help of the Nightmare Spell. As far as Rain knew, no other human of the waking world had ever done that.

And yet, she didn't just have to perform that miraculous feat, but also do it while being pursued by an Awakened Tyrant and dying from physical exertion. Lost in the wild reaches of the Dream Realm with no help, hope, or support.

It wasn't fair at all.

But it also made sense, in a strange kind of way. After all, making history was not supposed to be easy.

‘I can do it... I must do it. I have no choice but to do it.'

Rain gritted her teeth.

And then, ignoring her terrible fatigue and suffocating strain, she reached into her soul and tried to move her essence.

The heavy mental and spiritual burden was instantly added to the crushing hardship of pushing her tired body forward.

As soon as she took the next step and felt the wire rope cut into her skin painfully, her concentration was destroyed, and she lost control of her essence.

Rain took a laborious breath, gripped the rope tighter, and tried again.

This time, she managed to keep hold of her essence, but lost control of her abdominal muscles, allowing them to relax. She instantly lost balance, stumbled, and sprawled in the mud.

"Ah..."

Tamar subdued voice resounded from behind, tinged with concern:

"Rani, are you alright?”

Rain exhaled slowly, then pushed herself off the ground and wiped the mud off her face.

Well, with how dirty her gloves were, she might have just added more mud to it.

"I'm... fine."

Pulling up the alloy harness, she gripped it again and pulled the stretcher forward.

She did not make the same mistake the second time.

It was terribly difficult, and ruthlessly hard. But after a while, she managed to take several steps without losing control of her essence.

Then, a dozen steps.

Then, a hundred.

And finally, Rain forced herself to keep walking and circulating her essence at the same time. Her vision had turned blurry, and her mind felt as if it would collapse from strain.

But it did not.

Her body did not crumble, either.

So, she kept walking.

After a while, her hearing seemed to have turned incredibly sharp, She heard the makeshift stretcher scraping against rocks. She also heard the melodious ringing of crystals of essence colliding with each other, She could almost hear the roar of the radiant whirlpool as it revolved within her soul.

Eventually - she did not know how much time had passed - she thought that she could feel her essence with incredible clarity, like she had never felt it before. The sensation of it flowing through her, within her, was almost physical.

And so, it was almost as if her body and soul became one, indistinguishable from each other.

When that happened, she pushed her essence harder, making it revolve even faster. The pressure at the heart of the whirlpool increased, and the speed with which the next grain was being formed increased as well.

Much more importantly...

Rain wasn't limited to meditating a few hours a day anymore. She could keep the process of core formation at all times - while she walked, while she talked, while she rested her weary body on the ground. . As long as her will held, she did not have to stop.

The question was...

What would take longer? For her will to shatter, or for her soul core to be formed?

Rain was going to find the answer, whether she wanted to or not.

***

As night fell, so did she.

Rain collapsed on the ground, unmoving. This time, she remained motionless for far longer than yesterday.

It felt like her body had shut down.

She had never been so utterly beaten before, or exhausted so terribly.

And yet, she still continued to control her essence, never letting its current stop or slow down.

After a while, Tamar awkwardly crawled over to check on her. The Legacy girl helped Rain turn over, supported her to sit up, and shoved a strip of meat into her hands.

"Eat."

Rain smiled weakly and forced herself to take a bite.

The Tyrant had fallen behind in the latter half of the day. Her speed had been greater with the harness, and she had covered much more distance. It was still nowhere near enough to escape the pursuit, but at least they would survive another night.

Probably.

They even had some water left.

After quenching her thirst and consuming enough meat to refuel her depleted body, Rain sprawled on the ground and sighed.

"Ah. I'm going to be terribly skinny by the end of it."

Tamar stared at her with an incredulous expression.

"That's what you're concerned about?"

Rain considered laughing, but found the thought too tiring. In the end, she said:

"Why, of course. I want the Tyrant to be left hungry after it gobbles me up. Skin and bones, that sort of thing..."

The young Legacy remained silent for a few moments, then sighed.

"You have a very morbid sense of humor, don't you, Rani?"

Laying on the ground, Rain grinned.

"What can I say? If you live with wolves, you'll howl like a wolf. Someone has been a bad influence on me."

After a while, she added:

"...I'm sure I'm pretty delicious, though."

Tamar had her usual stoic expression on, but at that moment, it cracked a little.

Looking away, she suppressed a chuckle, and said in a serious tone:

"I'm sure you are."

As she did, Rain felt another radiant crystal being formed deep within her soul.

The melodious ringing was growing louder, and more frequent.

**********


                                Chapter 1823 Mud
--------------------
A desolate plain stretched as far as the eye could see under the cloudy sky. The horizon was shrouded by a rustling veil of cold rain, and the ground had turned into an endless expanse of mud.

A canyon cut the plain like a deep scar, resounding with eerie weeping sounds. It would turn into a raging river soon, but for now, the vertical slopes were drowning in nothing but darkness.

A young woman was moving across the plain, pulling a makeshift sled behind her. . . although, it would have been hard to recognize her as a human from first sight. Covered in mud from head to toe, she looked like a gaunt golem made from clay. The mud stuck to her skin and clothes, making the woman look like a part of the barren wasteland that had somehow come alive.

Her face and hair were covered in layers of dirt, as well. Only her dark, sunken eyes could be seen, burning with fierce determination.

. . . In the end, Rain had lasted more than a day. In fact, she had lasted for six, enduring the inhuman strain and crushing exertion of their desperate flight against all odds.

She had reached her breaking point a long time ago. But, somehow, she managed to keep going even after becoming broken. Later, she faced some other, much deeper limit. . . Rain wasn't sure what it was, and couldn't clearly remember. All she knew was that she was still standing.

That was all that mattered.

The original stretcher had long fallen apart. The enchanted cloak was fine, of course, but the wooden frame had cracked and shattered. Rain had kept repairing it as best she could, but at some point, she could only discard the broken branches and replace them.

She built the new frame from the bones of the

Nightmares Creatures that had attacked them in the dead of night.

The melodious ringing of essence crystals colliding with each other in the depths of her soul was almost deafening now, filling her ears. Her vision had grown vague and narrow. Most of her consciousness was consumed by the sensation of soul essence spinning in a raging whirlpool, permeating every cell of her body. The rest was filled with exhaustion and pain.

Step. Step. Another step.

The further south they went, the more bleak the weather became. Chilling rain poured from the grey sky more and more frequently, and grew more and more forceful. She didn't mind. Not only did it mean that they would not suffer from thirst, but pulling the stretcher through the mud was easier than it would have been if the soil was dry.

Of course, it was a perilous exchange. Rain would have probably been dead if not for her military bodysuit — being wet meant losing heat, and heat was energy. With how much she was exerting herself, energy was a precious resource that she dared not waste.

Her body had already started consuming itself, so it was a dire commodity.

Tamar, meanwhile, was not faring much better.

She did not have to exhaust herself physically, and her wounds were healing. But new ones were added to the old ones after that nighttime attack.

The young Legacy had lost a lot of blood, and although they slaughtered the abominations in the end, it was not without a cost.

Rain was concerned about the younger girl.

They did not have a lot of chances to get to know each other better in the past six days — most of their time was taken by the endless, exhausting march, and when they rested at night, both were too tired to talk.

And yet, Rain felt like an invisible bond had formed between them. How could it not, after they had gone through so much hardship together? The muddy plain, the weeping sky, the burning desire to survive. . . no one else would know or remember these trials, but they would.

There was a sound that suddenly distracted her.

She could barely hear it behind the rustle of rain, the roar of the water rushing through the canyon, the melody of her soul essence, and the silence of her numb thoughts.

“ni! Rani! Ra. . . "

She flinched and came to her senses. In the next moment, she saw several swift silhouettes rushing at them through the rain.

Nightmare Creatures.

‘Curse them. . . ’

Without wasting any time, Rain fell on the ground.

Behind her, Tamar was already sitting up on the stretcher. She was holding a bow in one hand, nocking an arrow on its string with the other.

While Rain was feverishly untangling herself from the alloy harness, the young Legacy let the arrow loose. It streaked through the pouring rain and hit one of the abominations in the shoulder. Despite her weakened state, Tamar still managed to maintain admirable accuracy — however, it wasn't quite enough. The creature stumbled and rolled on the ground, but then rose again and continued sprinting.

Although it had received a deep wound, none of its vital organs were destroyed.

‘Damn it.’

There were three abominations, each the size of a wolf. From the looks of it, they were merely

Awakened. . . in fact, the two of them had been lucky to not encounter a Fallen Nightmare

Creature yet. Still, an Awakened abomination was absolutely deadly. Especially in a situation like this one, when the initiative was on their side.

‘…So tired. ’

Rain remained laying on the ground for a few moments, then rose to her knees and unsheathed her hunting knife. She gripped the hilt of the enchanted dagger with her other hand and rose, holding both blades in a defensive stance.

By that time, Tamar had already sent another arrow flying, finally bringing the wounded abomination down. Her face was pale, and the ugly wound that stretched across her shoulder and chest had opened, seeping with blood. The strain of drawing a powerful enchanted bow was too much for her to endure.

And yet, she was already pulling the string for the third time.

The Nightmare Creatures were almost upon them.

Both lunged forward in a flash of claws, fangs, and frenzied eyes.

Just then, Tamar's arrow hit one in the head, killing it instantly.

The other jumped on Rain. She dove under its claws and thrust both of her blades forward. The hunting knife barely penetrated the tough hide of the abomination and slid from her grasp, but the long dagger sunk into its flesh to the hilt.

The creature fell on Rain and sent her crushing to the ground. She just barely managed to push the abominable beast, sending it flying over her head.

They fell simultaneously.

‘It hurts.’

Rain fell on her back, but spun and rose to her knees almost immediately. Dashing torward the struggling abomination, she pinned it to the ground with the weight of her body and stabbed it repeatedly. Her strikes were aimed at all the spots where vital organs should have been.

A while later, the beast stopped moving.

Rain crawled off its corpse weakly and sprawled in the mud.

After that violent burst of strength, she felt like she would never be able to stand up.

And yet. . . throughout all of it, the melodious ringing never grew silent. Even while being lunged at by a snarling abomination, wrestling it to the ground, and sinking her blade into its flesh, Rain had never stopped circulating her essence.

Somewhere deep within her, another radiant grain of sand was formed.

She smiled tiredly.

‘Soon. . . Soon. . . ’

Drops of rain were falling heavily on her burning face.

**********


                                Chapter 1824 After Me Comes the Flood
--------------------
The Tyrant was still behind them, its towering figure moving slowly in the distance.

Rain reminded herself that they could not waste any time. And yet, she had no strength left to rise.

However, that was alright.

She had felt the same way the previous time she fell, and the time before that, and the time before that...

Letting out a quiet groan, Rain sat up, then slowly staggered to her feet. Walking over to where she had dropped the hunting knife, she picked it up and sheathed her blades. The crude sheath she had made for the enchanted dagger was coming undone, sliced by its sharp blade. . . but it would hold for a day or two, which was more than she could ask for.

Finally, she looked at Tamar.

"How. . . how are you doing? "

The young Legacy was laying down on the stretcher, breathing heavily. Her breathing did not sound good.

"I'm alright. I heal fast. The bleeding is already stopping. ”

Rain nodded.

Even if the bleeding did not stop, there was little she could do. All she could do was trust in Tamar's incredible resilience.

Walking over to where the alloy harness lay in the mud, Rain glanced at the corpses of the three

Nightmare Creatures. Usually, she would have harvested meat and soul shards from them, but the Tyrant was too close.

There was no time.

‘I just need to hold on until nightfall. Then. . . then, I can rest.’

She put the harness on and pulled the stretcher.

She just had to keep walking.

And keep her essence flowing.

Life had been complicated, but now, it was very simple. The scope of her existence was narrowed down to these two things.

She dragged Tamar away from the dead abominations,

They continued their gruesome journey.

As Rain walked, she could feel her soul changing subtly. There were countless radiant crystals at the heart of the whirlpool now, all being pressed together by the crushing pressure.

She could feel the pressure growing.

As it did, the rain was becoming more violent, as well. It slowly grew from a constant downpour to a pelting deluge, as if the sky was slowly splitting open.

The weather was strange. Tamar had mentioned once that it did not rain that often, or that much, in the southern reaches of the Moonriver Plain. . . her ancestral Citadel was somewhere nearby, so she would know.

It seemed that the world was either helping them or trying to kill them. Rain wasn't sure which, and didn't care to find out.

All she cared about was making it to nightfall alive.

And in the end, she did.

However, to her despair, the long-awaited reprieve did not come.

Usually, she was able to create some distance between them and the Tyrant by the time darkness fell. The abominable giant would lumber in the distance in the first half of the day, then slowly disappear beyond the horizon in the latter part.

However, this time, she could still see its silhouette, following them from far away.

Perhaps she had grown so weak that she couldn't maintain sufficient speed anymore, or perhaps the

Tyrant was slowly adapting to being blind. It was even possible that its eyes were gradually regenerating. . . Awakened abominations possessed stunning vitality, after all, just like Awakened humans did.

What seemed impossible for a mundane person was nothing special to them.

In any case, the giant was too close.

Soon, darkness enveloped the world. The three moons and the sea of stars were hidden behind the clouds, so it was even more oppressive than before. The rain fell in a constant stream, reducing the visibility even further.

Rain lowered herself to the ground, kneeling in the mud.

"Are we stopping? "

Tamar couldn't hide the grim feeling of dread from her voice.

Rain slowly shook her head.

"We can't stop. Not tonight. "

The Tyrant was too close, so they had to keep going.

She took a deep breath, feeling cold air cut her tortured lungs.

“Summon a luminous Memory. “

They had avoided using one before, afraid that light would attract uninvited guests, but there wasn't much choice now.

Soon, a wave of stark light flowed from behind her, illuminating a narrow circle around them. The streams of water falling from the sky seemed to ignite with that light, glistening like precious gems.

It was pretty.

Rain sighed.

Then, she rose from the ground and continued walking.

South, south. . .

How far south had they gone, already?

When would they reach their goal?

It did not matter.

Rain continued to walk, arduously pulling the heavy stretcher behind her. She continued to spin her essence and listened to the tremors running through her soul.

She had reached a state of being beyond exhausted.

And yet. . . the worst part was that she couldn't see the Tyrant anymore.

It could have been far away, or only a few hundred meters behind them. It could have even been reaching for them with its countless hands, already.

‘I need to keep going’

And so she did.

Slowly, all thoughts disappeared from her head.

All that was left was the ringing of her soul, which was slowly growing louder and louder.

Rain did not notice that the pelting rain was becoming heavier and heavier, as well. A powerful wind rose, sending water flying almost parallel to the ground. Soon, a blinding flash illuminated the world, and a deafening thunderclap shook the heavens.

The rain was turning into a furious storm.

She smiled, feeling the streams of cold water wash the mud off her sunken face.

Her smile was a little scary.

Eventually, the lightning grew so frequent that there were almost no breaks between its flashes.

The thunderclaps had fused into a continuous litany of deafening roars. If it had seemed as if the sky was splitting open before, then it was collapsing entirely now.

A vast and prodigious storm had descended upon the Moonriver Plain.

And yet, Rain wasn't aware.

She could only think about walking forward, one step at a time.

But then. . .

She couldn't walk forward anymore.

Not because her strength had abandoned her, but because there was nowhere for her to go.

Rain stopped, barely noticing that there was no ground in front of her.

There was no mud, no stone outcroppings.

Instead, she was standing in front of an abyssal drop.

She frowned.

‘Have I. . . have I lost direction and swayed toward the canyon? ’

But that was not it.

Slowly, she grew cognizant of her surroundings.

The thundering storm, the blinding flashes of lightning, the impenetrable darkness. . . and a deep, reverberating hum that seemed to penetrate her very bones, resounding from somewhere below.

Rain looked into the abyss and staggered.

She might have fallen over the edge if not for the harness that attached her to Tamar's stretcher.

The young Legacy called from behind, struggling to make her voice heard over the storm:

"Rani. . . Rani, is it. . . ”

In front of them, the Moonriver Plain came to an end.

The great plateau ceased abruptly, creating a vast and head-spinning wall of stone that stretched from east to west, as far as the eye could see.

Countless canyons merged or opened into the vertical abyss, most of them expelling enormous jets of foaming water.

The streams of water merged and plummeted down, creating an unimaginable, endless waterfall.

It was as if the world was crying.

'… The Weeping Goddess. ’

They had reached the great waterfall that served as the boundary of the Moonriver Plain.

The Lake of Tears was somewhere far below. The city governed by Clan Sorrow was situated on its shore, and their Citadel was somewhere close, cut into the cliffs.

Rain's eyes widened.

Not from joy, but from horror. ‘We're. . . we're dead:

Turning around, she waited for lightning to illuminate the world and saw the dreadful shape of the Tyrant.

The abomination was not too far away.

There was no time to come up with a way to descend to the bottom of the towering cliffs, There was no time to explore the edge of the plateau, searching for the Citadel of Clan Sorrow.

The goal of their ghastly journey, which had been supposed to be their salvation, was nothing but a death sentence now.

Because the Tyrant was too close, pursuing them. . .

And they had nowhere else to run.

**********


                                Chapter 1825 Edge of the Abyss
--------------------
The storm shrouded everything in impenetrable darkness. The roaring thunderclaps reverberated across the plain, and a deluge of water was falling from the sky, as if the heavenly floodgates had shattered under the immense pressure, dooming the world to be drowned.

Frequent bolts of lightning tore apart the darkness, replacing it with blinding light. And somewhere below, the tidal hum of the colossal waterfall was fusing with the raging song of the furious storm.

Rain stood at the edge of the abyss, looking at the black sky with a resentful expression.

Behind her, Tamar was looking back, at the hideous shape of the pursuing Tyrant.

There was nowhere for them to run.

"Rani! The Tyrant. . . "

Rain looked at the sky, and then took a deep breath.

Then, surrounded by the raging storm, she sat on the ground at the edge of the abyss. Crossing her legs, she placed her hands on her knees, and closed her eyes.

In a flash of lightning, her tranquil figure looked incredibly out of place.

She exhaled slowly.

‘Focus. ’

Rain concentrated on her soul. A radiant river was flowing within her, forming a furious whirlpool. At its heart, beautiful crystals of essence were being tempered by the crushing pressure.

The melodious song of her soul was louder than the storm, and much more compelling.

She couldn't hear Tamar anymore.

‘Form. Clash. Awaken:

Nothing else mattered.

Behind her, Tamar looked at her mundane companion in despair. Noticing that Rani was sitting on the edge of the abyss, unmoving, she was stunned for a moment. Then, a look of guilt and shame twisted her beautiful face.

She assumed that the older girl had completely exhausted her strength, both physical and mental.

It was already an incredibly valiant feat, to have persisted for so long without collapsing. Rani possessed enough willpower and conviction — or maybe stubbornness — to put most Awakened to shame.

But everyone had a limit.

"Rani. . . "

Tamar gritted her teeth.

Despite the terrible flood pouring from the shattered sky, the Tyrant never seemed to lose their scent. It moved slowly, keeping its head low to the ground. Countless hands were supporting its weight, sinking deep into the mud.

Rain was fully focused on her soul. Now that she did not have to walk or pull the heavy stretcher, the measure of control she could exert over her essence had increased. The radiant whirlpool spun even faster, and the pressure at the heart of it had increased even further.

There were countless crystals of solid essence there, by now, each no larger than a grain of sand.

They collided against each other chaotically, making her entire soul tremble. That trembling used to happen rarely, but now, there was no stop to it. It was as if Rain's soul was in the middle of an earthquake.

But it was not enough. Still, it wasn't. . .

‘Fuse! ’

Rain did not know whether her mental cry was a command, a request, or a desperate prayer. It was simply her will, expressed in a single world.

And just at that moment, either by coincidence or responding to her cry. . .

Two of the radiant gemstones collided. However, this time, they were not repelled by each other.

Instead, both cracked, and then. . .

Merged.

A sense of indescribable jubilation drowned her heart.

‘Finally. . . ’

After the first pair, it was as if an invisible catalyst had been added to her soul, starting a chain reaction. More and more of the tiny essence crystals became covered by a net of fine cracks, and then seamlessly fused with each other. Then, the larger gemstones consumed the smaller ones, or merged with those of the same size.

The process was incredibly violent, resembling the catastrophic ignition of a thermonuclear bomb.

The merging of the essence crystals reminded

Rain of nuclear fusion. . . the wondrous process that kept the distant stars burning in the cold, empty sky.

And it was indeed as if a star was being born at the center of her soul.

There was blinding light produced by the fusing gemstones. There was heat, as well. The very heart of her soul had turned into an incandescent, luminous sea, and she couldn't sense individual crystals anymore.

The whirlpool of essence was being slowly absorbed into that radiant sea.

‘. . . The soul core is forming’

Indeed, hidden in the sea of light, a soul core was being built within her soul. And that nascent core. . . was like a bridge between her soul and her flesh.

Rain felt as though a miniature star was burning in the center of her chest: waves of heat were radiating from it, slowly reaching her empty stomach and lacerated shoulders, then her tortured arms and legs, then her aching hands and feet.

Under that heat, her bones, muscles, organs and blood vessels were being rebuilt and revitalized.

She was being reborn. She was becoming stronger, faster, healthier. . .

It was euphoric.

With each second, his transformation was becoming more profound.

After some time had passed, the star burning in his chest finally cooled down. The luminous sea dimmed, and from it. . .

A radiant sphere was revealed, shining beautifully upon Rain's soul.

The heat was replaced with a soothing coldness.

That coldness washed over her body, taking away all the aches and discomforts that had been accumulated there over the past six days. Then it moved up, reaching her mind and soothing it.

She slowly opened her eyes.

‘Is this. . . what it means to be Awakened? "

Rain felt. . . powerful. Her body was suffused with ferocious strength, startling endurance, and boundless vitality. Her senses were sharper. Even her mind seemed to have become more profound, somehow.

Soul essence flowed freely through her body, seeping into her bones and muscles. It felt richer and more responsive. . . almost palpable.

The soul core was at the heart of it all, serving as the bridge between tangible and intangible.

A tired smile appeared on Rain's face.

‘I did it! ’

Lost in the depths of a furious storm, sitting on the edge of a bottomless abyss, surrounded by darkness, and pursued by a harrowing abomination. . .

The first human of the waking world had just

Awakened without taking upon the curse of the

Nightmare Spell.

**********


                                Chapter 1826 Coming Storm
--------------------
While Rain was in the middle of her Awakening.

Tamar was struggling not to drown. Streams of water were pouring from the sky, mixing with mud... laying powerlessly on the stretcher, she felt weak and spent.

The situation seemed to be hopeless.

Not only would he die, but Rani, who had refused to abandon her and strived so stubbornly to save them, would be killed, too.

Looking at the furious black sky, Tamar wanted to give up.

But she couldn't.

“Ah…”

A long sight escaped from her lips.

Then, a whirlwind of sparks surrounded her, forming into a beautiful spear.

Tamar gritted her teeth, then rose to her feet, using the spear as a crutch.

Immediately, severe pain pierced her fragile legs.

It had been six or seven days since they were broken. The bones had healed, somewhat, but even for an awakening, that was not nearly enough time to recover. She was probably undoing all that healing... but, still.

Tamar refused to die lying down.

Better yet, she didn’t want to die at all. She was also indignant at the thought of Rani dying because of her.

So, she had a hard decision to make.

‘I have to summon the Echo.’

The monstrous wolf was protecting the survey team, and she was unwilling to compromise their safety. However, at this point, there was no sense in keeping the Echo with them.

That was because it would disappear if Tamar died, leaving the survey team similarly defenseless.

The problem was...

That there was no way to guarantee that summoning the Echo would save them. It was an Ascended Monster — a protector gifted to her by her clan. An Ascended Monster was a powerful creature, but it was not a given that it would be able to defeat an Awakened Tyrant.

Especially this Tyrant in particular, who seemed both ancient and exceedingly powerful.

The wolf wouldn't be able to carry them away, either, because the Tyrant was too close, and the Echo would instantly attract its attention.

So... in order to increase their chances, Tamar would have to assist the Echo in fighthing the

Tyrant herself. She could still draw her bow, even if doing so would make her wounds open.

‘I’ll... I'll summon it, then.’

And yet, she hesitated.

Watching the Tyrant slowly draw closer, Tamar waited for something. Maybe something would happen... some miracle that would lead the hideous giant away. Maybe a bolt of lightning would descend from the sky and burn it.

Maybe she wouldn't need to fail her friends and mission, after all.

But nothing happened.

The Tyrant was already too close. It was still following their scent. A miracle did not descent, and their fates were still sealed.

Tamar took a deep breath and prepared to dismiss the Echo... But just before she did, a hand suddenly landed on her shoulder.

Tamar flinched and looked back.

Rani was standing there, looking at her calmly.

Constant flashes of lightning were reflecting in her striking black eyes, making it seem as though they were illuminated by inner light.

The mundane girl... looked different, somehow.

Tamar couldn't tell what about her had changed, exactly, in the lightning-infused darkness.

Rani smiled.

"It's alright. I'll take care of it now.”

She paused for a moment, and then added calmly:

“Summon that sword of yours. ”

Tamar looked at her in confusion, failing to understand what was happening. Her reason told her that Rani must have lost her mind, and that there was no point in listening to her ramblings.

But, somehow, Tamar did not believe it. She felt a strange compulsion to be unreasonable and believe in her companion.

And, after a long pause... she did.

Instead of dismissing the Echo and summoning it here, she summoned her brutish zweihander and offered it to Rani.

Rani took it with a thankful nod.

She could barely lift it before. But now, she was holding it easily, as if her strength was suddenly in no way inferior to Tamar's own.

Patting Tamar on the shoulder reassuringly, Rani turned and walked away from the edge.

She was heading toward the approaching Tyrant.

***

Rain walked through the storm, carrying the heavy greatsword easily. Sadly, she had not had a lot of time to bask in the ecstasy of having Awakened — they were still in mortal danger. The Tyrant was still drawing closer.

And she had to kill it... Which was a tall task.

Even now that Rain was an Awakened, the Tyrant posed a lethal threat to her. After all, most Awakened did not fight such powerful creatures alone... her case was especially precarious, because she was a singular existence.

Not only had she Awakened mere minutes ago, but she also did not possess an Aspect yet. Unlike the carriers of the Nightmare Spell, those who Awakened naturally, like her, had to spend time slowly discovering their Aspect and Flaw.

Before that happened, she would not have powerful Aspect Abilities to assist her in battle.

All she had was her enhanced physical prowess, cunning, and Tamar's sword.

Now, she would see if that was enough.

Reaching a certain point, directly in the path of the approaching Tyrant, Rain lowered the zweihander to the ground, assumed a stance... and froze.

She had thought a lot about how to kill that damned Tyrant.

Actually, it wasn't that hard to achieve.

The creature did not possess an impenetrable carapace or thick fur to stop her blade. Its defense was mostly in the form of overwhelming offense — the forest of arms were its minions, so damaging or destroying them would not harm the abomination. One had to reach its body to deliver a fatal wound, but to do that, they had to fight their way through the avalanche of monstrous hands.

Which was close to impossible for someone like her.

However...

The Tyrant was blind now.

So, that was what Rain decided to gamble her life on.

Standing motionlessly in the path of the abomination, she did not make a single sound. In fact, she even held her breath and forced her heartbeat to slow down — in the middle of the roaring storm, the creature would not hear it.

At least that was Rain's hope.

As she watched the hideous Nightmare Creature approach, all her instincts were screaming for her to turn away and run. However, she did not move at all.

Soon, the Tyrant drew so close that she could discern every ghastly detail of its gaunt body, flooded by the light of the flashing bolts of lightning.

The creature was coming right at her... But it was not aware that its prey was so close, yet.

Soon, a monstrous hand landed in the mud directly to Rain's right.

Then, another landed in the mud to her left.

The abomination dragged itself closer.

Its appalling, oversized head was now almost above her, the enormous maw close enough to swallow her whole in an instant.

Rain smiled darkly.

‘Got you.’

Instead of fighting her way through the forest of hands, she had allowed the blind Tyrant to bring itself to her.

She finally moved.

As soon as she did, the Tyrant's head jerked, turning toward her.

But it was already too late.

The zweihander exploded forward, slicing through the mud and rising in an upward arc. Rain pulled with one hand and pushed with the other, using its long handle as a lever. Her Awakened strength was great enough to make the blade of the greatsword turn into a blur.

A split second later...

The zweihander struck the Tyrant's chin. Its sharp blade carried enough force and momentum to slice its jaw in half, sever its tongue, break through the fragile bones of the nasal cavity, cut cleanly through its brain, and finally escape from its forehead.

In an instant, the abomination's head was split in two halves.

A moment later, Rain was already jumping back.

She easily leaped a dozen meters back, then slid in the mud the same distance.

By then, countless hands were already pummeling the spot where she had stood. If she had been even a little bit slower, she would have been crushed.

But it did not matter.

Because those hands were nothing but minions.

The Tyrant itself... was dead.

Its body swayed heavily, and then collapsed into the mud, a river of blood spilling from its mangled head.

Just like that, the pursuit was over.

**********


                                Chapter 1827: Cleansing
--------------------
Hidden in the shadows, Sunny let out a secretive sight of relief.

The past week had been a terrible ordeal for Rain... but it had not been easy for him, either.

A long time ago, Sunny had told Rain that he could teach her how to wield a sword, how to traverse the Dream Realm, and how to kill her enemies... but he could not teach her how to be strong. The world was a cold and ruthless place, and his little sister was much too soft to endure its cruelty.

Even now, all these years later, she retained that softness. She had learned how to wield weapons, survive in the wild, and hunt down abominations, but her nature was still the same. Rain had never suffered heartbreaking loss, had never felt the lightless depths of true despair, and had never faced the darkest sides of humanity.

Despite her cool appearance and tough reputation, at her core, she was still the same kind and sweet girl.

Which was a solace to Sunny. He never wanted her to lose that part of herself.

And yet, he couldn't coddle her too much, either. It would only do Rain harm if she learned to rely on him too much.

So, he had laboriously created the persona of Shadow, her mercurial teacher — who was both friendly and caring, but also a little sinister and not completely reliable.

That way, she could still feel a false sense of danger while being protected by him from the shadows, and grow stronger for it.

It would have been fine to let Rain Awakened at her own pace, but the war was too close. So, Sunny had used the chance encounter with the Awakened Tyrant to design a trial for her.

His own version of the First Nightmare.

The irony of how similar it was to his personal Fist Nightmare had not escaped him. A punishing escape through the wild reaches of the Dream Realm, in the company of an Awakened swordsman, pursued by a blind Tyrant...

Of course, there were differences, as well.

And although Rain had never been in real danger due to him observing her from the shadows, she definitely had not felt that way.

Her struggle had been real, her suffering had been real, and her eventual triumph was real.

Sunny, meanwhile, had not struggled himself — all he had done was eliminate any Fallen abominations that could have stumbled onto the two escaping girls and keep an eye on the survey team to make sure that they made it back to the main camp alright.

And yet, he felt completely exhausted.

Watching Rain suffer was not easy for him. He wouldn't go as far as to say that it had been harder than it had been for Rain, but still.

Sunny felt like his heart was bleeding.

And that was saying much, considering how difficult it was for him to bleed!

Similarly, while Rain felt incredible joy and pride at being able to Awakened, his heart was full of emotion, as well.

However, for Sunny... he felt even more.

That was because he could see more, and understood more.

Rain had a deep connection to her soul, for a mundane person, and could control her essence well. But Sunny perceived it on a much deeper level.

That was why he could see a tiny bead of hideous darkness that nestled in her sister's soul. A seed of Corruption... the Nightmare Seed. Every mundane person who had entered the Dream Realm carried one within them, just like those infected by the Nightmare Spell in the waking world did.

Although... Sunny was not entirely sure which came first — the Seed of Nightmare or the infection. Perhaps it was precisely because some people carried hideous darkness within their souls that the Spell chose them.

In any case, the Seed in Rain's soul had not grown in the past four years, and would not bloom into a Category One Nightmare Gate unless certain conditions were met. That was because it was small and miniscule enough to be suppressed by the authority of Queen Song.

As long as Rain remained in the Song Domain, her First Nightmare would never come.

But it would also make her an eternal hostage of a Domain unless she accepted the Spell and challenged the Nightmare.

While the storm was raging and Rain was going through the final stage of her Awakening, Sunny observed her soul in somber silence.

The numerous sparks of light — the crystals of solidified essence — fused under the pressure. A luminous sea ignited at the depths of Rain's soul.

Forged in the heat of that sea, her soul core slowly came to shape.

And at the same time, unnoticed...

The bead of darkness dissolved in the light, destroyed by it.

Sunny had seen a Seed of Corruption bloom in the soul of a Sleeper once. Watching the opposite process take place was both poignant and miraculous.

‘Is that the purpose of the First Nightmare? To push the infected into Awakening, and thus destroy the Seed, preventing Corruption from blooming? ’

Awakening was the first step toward divinity, after all, and divinity was in direct opposition to Corruption. So, it only made sense that coming closer to divinity would render one immune to the weaker manifestation of its enemy.

That was the second way Sunny knew of for a soul to be cleansed of Corruption.

The first way was known to everyone, but very few ever considered it as such.

It was death.

Awakened were used to collecting soul shards from the Nightmare Creatures, but they really questioned why was it that the remnant fragments of corrupted souls were pure and untainted.

What happened at the moment of death that purified them?

Or was it death itself that eliminated the hideous darkness?

Now that Sunny knew more about the world, the Void, and the origin of death, he understood that death was a weapon to destroy Corruption.

And that was what it did.

He observed the Tyrant's tainted soul collapse and be cleansed, as well. The moment the abomination lost its life, the vile darkness shrouding its soul withered and died.

In the end, only five radiant shards were left.

So, Sunny let out a relieved sigh.

Finally, the ordeal was over.

Rain's grisly trial was finished, and the broader threat to her life was not as pressing anymore, either.

Now that her soul had been cleansed, Sunny would be able to take her out of the Song Domain. He had many more options now.

Of course... it wasn't certain that she would want to leave.

Remaining in the shadows, Sunny glanced at her.

At the moment, Rain was stumbling back to where Tamar was leaning on her spear with a pained expression on her face.

He followed stealthily.

‘This next part... is going to be tricky.’

**********


                                Chapter 1828: Lost and Found
--------------------
Rain made her way back to where Tamar was leaning on the spear, put the sword down, and sprawled tiredly in the mud.

Now that the Tyrant was dead, the rush of power she had felt because of the Awakening receded.

Her body might have been tempered and reforged, but it was still depleted and weary. Her mind, too... she was dead tired.

Some distance away, the abomination's corpse was laying on the ground like a small hill of flesh. The creature was dead, but its minions weren't — the monstrous hands were still moving, searching for the killer in blind fury. Luckily, they remained attached to the Tyrant's corpse, so their reach was limited. Until the corpse decomposed and fell apart, nothing would reach Rain and Tamar.

The movements of the terrible hands were a little panicked.

Looking at the sky, Rain let out a long sigh.

The storm was slowly dissipating. The wind had already grown weaker, and the rain was not as heavy anymore. The lightning did not strike as often. The roaring thunderclaps were not as loud, as if growing distant.

She could even see gaps in the veil of dark storm clouds.

Unexpectedly, rays of pale sunlight were pouring from through the gaps.

Which meant that it was the seventh day of their journey.

Rain stared at the rays of sunshine with displeasure.

‘How annoying.’

She had hoped that it was still the sixth night, just to avoid the Nightmare Spell's favorite number.

Rain had a mild aversion to the number seven, purely out of obstinance.

Tamar finally let go of her spear and fell back on her stretcher. The younger girl looked at her for a long time, her eyes full of questions.

But in the end, her exhaustion won, and she simply closed them.

Not long after, both Rain and Tamar were asleep, laying next to each other in the mud.

This was the first time in a long while they slept peacefully.

***

By the time Rain woke up, the sky had cleared.

Strangely enough, she didn't feel groggy or exhausted. Her body did not ache all over, either.

Instead, it was brimming with energy and vitality.

The low hum of the Weeping Goddess enveloped the world like a lullaby.

She stared at the clear sky for a few moments in confusion.

‘Oh. Right. I'm an Awakened now.’

Sitting up, Rain glanced in the direction of the dead Tyrant. The forest of arms was still moving, but none of them had escaped the corpse, yet.

That was a relief.

Looking away, she raised her own hands and studied them.

Her skin had become smooth like silk. Her nails were like jade.

Turning her hands, she stared at her palms intently.

Her calluses were gone.

‘Huh.’

Rain blinked a couple of times.

Her hands looked soft and delicate, as if she had never done any hard labor at all.

It was a bit stupid, but she couldn't help letting a small smile creep up on her face.

‘Wait a minute... ’

Rain pulled off her dirty, tattered shirt and unclasped the military bodysuit. Peeling it off to reveal her fair torso, she opened her eyes wide.

The mark left by the blow that the Huntsman had dealt her was gone. A few other scars she had collected in the last few years were nowhere to be seen, either. Her skin was supple and unblemished, nearly flawless.

‘Wow. Ah! ’

While Rain was delighting in the sight of her ladylike body, a hoarse voice resounded from behind her:

"... What are you doing? "

She flinched and hurriedly pulled the bodysuit close, embarrassed at being caught doing something so unserious.

Turning around, she saw Tamar looking at her with a complicated expression.

‘Right.’

Rain smiled sheepishly.

"N—nothing. I was just... good morning, Tamar. “

The young Legacy remained silent for a while, maintaining her usual stern frown. She glanced at the sky, which was already being painted golden and scarlet by the setting sun, but did not comment on how wrong Rain's greeting was.

Eventually, she opened her mouth and asked hesitantly:

"Have you been... an Awakened all along, Rani? ”

Now that the deed had been done, Rain honestly wasn't sure how to deal with the situation. There had been no choice but to act when the Tyrant was about to catch them... but how was she supposed to explain its death to the young Legacy?

She wasn't even done processing what had happened herself.

Rain met Tamar's gaze and shook her head slowly.

"I think you know that I wasn't. If I was, I wouldn't have put myself through all that torment. “

There was hesitation in the younger girl's eyes.

She knew that Rain could not have been an Awakened... and yet, there was no other logical explanation. Reality and reason were clashing in her mind, leaving her in a state of loss and confusion.

After a while, she said stiffly:

"Unless you have some kind of powerful Flaw that limits when and how you can express your power... that is possible... "

Rain wavered for a while, then sighed.

"No. I have no such Flaw. I wasn't hiding my Rank from anyone. ”

Tamar gritted her teeth.

“Then how were you able to wield my sword? How were you able to slay the Tyrant? It doesn't make any sense. It's impossible for a mundane person to do! "

Rain scratched the back of her head, remained silent for a few moments, and then shrugged.

"You are right. A mundane person would not have been able to wield your sword... well, maybe some huge guy... "

Tamar took a deep breath.

"Then how? "

Rain looked at her and smiled easily.

"Isn't it obvious? When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. So... I wasn't Awakened before, but ] am now. “

She raised an arm and flexed her muscles.

"It really feels amazing, by the way! "

The young Legacy stared at her with a stunned expression.

"No... you couldn't have conquered the First Nightmare, there was no time... you couldn't have even challenged it within the Queen's Domain... "

Rain nodded.

"You are right. I did not conquer the First Nightmare. ”

Tamar took a deep breath.

“How could you Awaken, then?"

Now was probably the last chance for Rain to keep her mouth shut.

But really... did she have to?

She had a vague hope that Tamar would not betray her. More than that, she did not think that keeping her achievement secret was the right thing to do.

Since Rain had found a way to Awaken without becoming a carrier of the Nightmare Spell, others would be able to follow her example, as well — perhaps not many, but some.

Which meant that fewer children would have to die while challenging the Nightmare. Like her older brother had.

Many would still choose to accept the Spell, without a doubt, due to all the boons it offered.

But at least they would have a choice.

Conversely...

If she kept her accomplishment hidden, then in the future, the deaths of every unwilling Sleeper would indirectly be her fault.

Rain wasn't sure how or when she wanted to share her knowledge , but she knew that it had to be shared.

So, she gathered her courage and said:

"How did the ancient people of the Dream Realm Awakened? You should know that there was no Nightmare Spell back then. “

Tamar's eyes widened slowly. She reeled back, mumbling softly:

"Before... before the Nightmare Spell... impossible... the knowledge has been lost... "

Rain smiled.

"Yes, the knowledge has been lost. But now, it has been found. I found it. " ‘With a lot of help from my teacher... “

**********


                                Chapter 1829: A New Way
--------------------
Before the sun set, the minions of the dead Tyrant accepted the death of their ruler. Rain watched with a dark expression as the countless hands stopped moving for a while, and then started to claw at the flesh of the dead abomination.

The corpse was going to come undone much sooner than she had expected, allowing the monstrous hands to prowl freely. She wanted to be as far away from the swarm of them as possible when that happened. Soon, she was pulling Tamar's stretcher through the mud once again. It had been torturously hard and exhausting before... but now, Rain did not feel any strain at all. It was so easy that the bitterness of her past efforts seemed like a joke.

She was slowly coming to terms with the fact that she had become an Awakened, smiling brightly from time to time.

Tamar was slowly coming to terms with it, too. The young Legacy spoke from the stretcher:

"But... how, exactly, did you do it?"

Rain considered if she should break into a sprint, but then decided against it.

"Well. It is hard to explain with words... the first thing you should know is that natural Awakening works in reversed order from the one induced by the Spell. You must learn how to sense and control your essence first, and form the soul core later." She remembered her early days in Ravenheart. Back then, she had barely known her teacher...

"Your essence has to Awaken first. There are a few ways to make that happen, but the only one I know of is to absorb the essence of Awakened creatures."

Tamar shifted quictly on the stretcher.

"Soul shards used to be extremely precious in the waking world, so very few mundanes ever had a chance to acquire many of them before. The situation is even more dire now... with how many new Awakened and Masters are out there, everyone is striving to saturate their cores."

She paused for a moment, and then added scornfully:

"You must be very rich, Rani, to have acquired so many. For a simple porter."

Rain grinned.

"Who? Me? No, I'm a bit poor... actually, I never once managed to buy a soul shard. I just went out there and hunted down Nightmare Creatures, one at a time. Mostly Dormant, and a few Awakened."

The young Legacy let out a long, exasperated sigh.

"You crazy mundane girl..."

Rain chuckled.

"Well, anyway. Then, you have to learn how to sense and control your essence. That part is the hardest. I don't really know how to describe it, since there are no words in human language to do something like that. Plus... it's a bit of an impossible task, to begin with. How do you describe the sense of balance? How do you describe colors to a blind person? It's like that. Well, you should know I am sure you, Awakened, struggle all the time to explain various things to mundane people. I mean... we, Awakened."

She paused for a few moments, then continued calmly:

"The last part is to form the soul core. That is what I have been doing ever since we've met. The process is rather simple, if a bit tedious. You just need to control your essence and make it flow in a circle, like a whirlpool. If you do it long enough and well enough, your essence will start to solidify. And then, at some point, a chain reaction will start, birthing the core. That is how you become Awakened, and what is what happened to me yesterday."

Tamar remained silent for a while.

Eventually, she asked:

"That doesn't really make sense. You couldn't have learned all of this on your own... someone extraordinary must have guided you. But that is not even the issue. Alright, I'll accept that you are a mundane girl who habitually hunts down Nightmare Creatures. That much is theoretically possible, at least. But it would also mean that you should have stayed comfortably in a well-defended city during the last and most sensitive part of your Awakening. There was no reason for you to work as a laborer in a road construction crew... even without taking into account that such a job would slow down the process of refining a soul core, it is simply beneath someone of your ability."

Rain coughed awkwardly. Now that she had decided to share the truth with Tamar... how much, exactly, was she supposed to share?

She couldn't reveal the identity of her teacher, because that was not her secret to share. As for the rest...

She hesitated for a moment.

"To tell you the truth, I got myself into some trouble in Ravenheart. So, I was advised to disappear from the city for a while."

Tamar scoffed. "I'm not surprised."

She remained silent for a while, then asked in a serious tone:

"One thing that I can't understand, Rani... is why you have decided to share your secret with me."

Rain stopped and turned around, looking at the young Legacy with a hint of dark amusement in her eyes.

"Well, the cat was out of the bag after I killed that Tyrant. So, I had two choices... either tell you the truth or toss you over the edge of the waterfall. Although... I might still choose the latter..."

She stared at Tamar for a moment, then turned around and exploded with laughter.

"Gods, the expression on your face... relax, it was a joke. Plus, why would I keep it a secret? I want as many people as possible to know. That way, fewer kids will be dying in the First Nightmare. Fewer of them will be sent into a literal Death Zone on the winter solstice like you were, too..."

Rain couldn't help but be giddy. The intoxicating feeling of strength and potency permeating her body, the pride and relief of having finally accomplished the goal she had been pursuing for so many years, the promise of a gentler future that she could potentially help usher in...

It was enough to make her head spin.

While she was basking in joy, Tamar's cold voice resounded from behind:

"Rani... you are a bit naive, aren't you?"

Rain glanced at her in confusion.

"What's that about?"

Laying on the stretcher, the young Legacy looked at the sky tiredly and let out a long sigh.

"You absolutely cannot tell anyone about how you Awakened. At least not while you are so weak and lack protection. If you knew what's good for you, you really should have tossed me over the edge of the waterfall."

Rain blinked a couple of times.

"What? Why?"

The younger girl shifted and looked up at her, her gaze somber.

"Just think about it. The entire power hierarchy of our world is built around the Nightmare Spell. The entire economy too, more or less. Those who wield power can do so because they control the resources people need to survive. Awakened warriors are one such resource... perhaps the most important one. Now, you possess something that can render all that authority meaningless. What do you think will happen to you when those in power learn about your existence?"

**********


                                Chapter 1830 Resistance to Change
--------------------
Rain stopped, feeling her sense of joy dim a little.

A perplexed smile appeared on her face.

She wasn't a fool, so she had considered these things, as well. But didn't the importance of her discovery far outweigh such details?

"But it can save countless lives."

Tamar looked away and shrugged.

"Can it? Maybe in the short term... but what will happen when these new and untested Awakened have to face the horrors of the Dream Realm? What can cowards who refused to face even the First Nightmare do? Surely, they will buckle and break, leaving humanity defenseless. In that sense, what you offer is poison, not salvation."

She sighed.

"That is not my opinion, by the way. That is just one example of what others can say... will say... to justify harming you and suppressing your discovery. They might not even do it out of malice, but out of sincere belief. Because what you offer does not just attack their authority, but also their identity. That, as well, is built around the Nightmare Spell for many."

Rain dropped the harness into the mud.

"You can't be serious."

Her voice was calm, but her eyes weren't.

Because... she could easily imagine a world where Tamar was right.

Take the two Domains, for example. On the surface, the royal clans were benefactors to those hundreds of millions of mundane people who now lived in the Dream Realm.

But if one looked at it differently, the citizens of the Domains were hostage to the royal clans. They could only be safe if their Sovereign protected them, and could only really attempt the First Nightmare — and thus step on the path to greater power — if the Sovereign or one of the Sovereign's vassals allowed them to.

In the future, when more and more people of the waking world settled in the Dream Realm, that would become the cornerstone of the authority of the royal clans.

Would they be willing to share that authority?

And then, there were the Legacy clans below the two royal houses, whose culture and identity were irrevocably connected to the dreadful challenges of the Nightmare Spell. They were already prohibiting their scions from saving themselves from the trial of the winter solstice by entering the Dream Realm in advance, purely out of belief that warriors had to be forged in fire.

Would they accept Awakened who had not faced the First Nightmare? Or would they find the very concept offensive?

The consequences of Rain's achievement went far deeper than she had considered.

Tamar sighed.

"I am deadly serious, Rani. You... should speak to the extraordinary person who guided you to Awakening, at least, before making any decisions. They had to have been more aware of the repercussions than you are. Be mindful, though. Make sure that they have your best interest in heart before listening to what they have to say."

She paused for a moment, and then added in a subdued tone:

"Until you do, no one must know that you are not a carrier of the Nightmare Spell. We... we'll tell them that we had no choice but to cross the realm boundary and leave the Song Domain while escaping from the Tyrant, and that you had your First Nightmare as a result. That will work as a temporary measure, at lest."

Rain looked at her soberly.

Tamar was young... but she was a member of a Legacy clan, as well. She served the Queen as a vassal.

So, she was the exact type of person she had warned Rain against.

'Can I trust her?'

After what they had experienced together, Rain wanted to believe that she could. But in a sense, covering the truth would mean betraying the trust of Tamar's clan and Queen Song.

Would she really do that?

Rain sighed.

"One thing I don‘t understand, Lady Tamar... is why are willing to hide this secret for me."

The young Legacy looked at her from the muddy stretcher. Her face was pale and stern... which was a bit of a comical look for such a young woman.

After a while, she looked away, remained silent for a moment, and said stiffly:

"Well, aren't you a member of my survey team? I am responsible for your well—being... as a superior. So... if something happens to you, a stain would be left on my reputation. And I value my reputation very much."

Rain stared at her silently, keeping a straight face.

'... Adorable!'

By that time, the night had already fallen, and the three moons were high in the sky. So, she couldn't see Tamar's expression very well.

She did see something else, however. With a sigh, Rain unsheathed her hunting knife. Moonlight glistened on the sharp blade as she bent down. Tamar seemed to flinch when she saw the knife.

"W—what are you doing?"

Rain cut the harness, separating it from the stretcher, and looked at the young Legacy with a neutral expression.

"I'm sorry, Lady Tamar. I'm afraid you'll have to go over the edge, after all."

Tamar's eyes widened.

"W—what?"

Rain stared at her for a few moments, then laughed and pointed in the direction of the edge.

"You might not see it from the ground, but actually..."

Out there in the darkness, far below, a scattering of lights was shining faintly through the water vapor.

It was the city built by Tamar's clan on the shores of the Lake of Tears.

Rain stood up and started dismantling the harness.

"The plan was to reach your clan's Citadel, but I don't really know how to cross all the canyons that stand in our way. It would be much easier to climb down from the plateau and reach the city. So... summon the brightest luminous Memory you have. We're going down."

Tamar was looking up at her with a frozen expression.

After a while, she scowled in outrage.

"Rani, y—you! Was that supposed to be funny? !"

Rain shrugged.

"I don't know. I thought it was pretty funny..."

Soon, they left the stretcher behind. Tamar was strapped to Rain's back with the rearranged harness, holding onto her shoulders with trembling hands. Before, Rain would have never dared to climb a slick, sheer slope while carrying such a heavy burden — but now that she was an Awakened, nothing seemed impossible for her anymore.

With the bright light of the luminous Memory illuminating the vertical surface of the weathered stone, she carefully started the descent. Her physical strength seemed inexhaustible, so all she had to do was pay attention and keep in mind how far from the wall her center of gravity was.

That said, the Moonriver plateau was terribly high, so reaching the Lake of Tears was taking an eternity. The Weeping Goddess flowed down on both sides of them, but the stretch of the slope Rain had chosen was relatively dry.

At some point, she sensed Tamar's tension and started talking to calm the younger girl down.

Rain talked about all the things she was looking forward to after Awakening.

Like not having to do laundry or carry a heavy backpack while climbing mountains...

Mainly these two things.

And having soft hands.

"That is what you were worried about?"

Tamar's voice sounded incredulous.

Rain grinned.

"Listen, Princess Tamar... you might not know it, but humble laborers like me take skincare very seriously."

The young Legacy remained silent for a while, then sighed in embarrassment.

"No, actually... I get it. Girls from Legacy clans all secretly look forward to becoming Awakened. We train really hard, you know, so by sixteen, your hands are a nightmare in and of itself..."

Rain laughed.

It was already dawn by the time they reached the water.

Rain had been worried that she would have to swim to shore, but there was no need.

Tamar's luminous Memory was very visible in the dark night, so the inhabitants of the city had long noticed a strange spark slowly crawling down the sheer cliffs.

So, there were boats waiting in a semicircle around the base of the cliffs, with armed Awakened on them.

Now, their dreadful journey was truly over.

**********

