Shadow Slave - PART 134
Chapters 1331 to 1340
==============================


                                Chapter 1331 The Well of Wishes
--------------------
Nephis continued to struggle against the storm, guiding them through the towering waves, but Sunny and Ananke received a moment of respite. If it could even be called that... they were still inside the ketch, which was tossed around like a toy boat by the raging current. Sunny was using one hand and all of his tyrannical strength to keep himself in place while holding Ananke with the other.

But without the need to feverishly scoop out water, they at least could catch their breaths and remain motionless for a while - for as long as his essence lasted, that was. Sunny leaned against the wet wood tiredly, consumed by bitter exhaustion. His chest was rising heavily.

'Not good...'

Being a Supreme Memory, the Crown of Twilight was a very powerful tool. But correspondingly, it consumed a lot of essence. It was going to take a few minutes for his tentative authority over water to drain the entire boat... after that, it would be unwise to keep sustaining the effect of the [Royal Promise].

He sighed.

What was even a minute? In this godforsaken storm, it was impossible to tell.

The effects of time being broken were still ravaging them. Sunny had already grown accustomed to seeing ghastly hallucinations impose themselves on the bodies of Nephis, Ananke, and himself. There were vague, harrowing shapes sometimes appearing from the mist, as well.

He could never discern their nature, but the glimpses of unknown figures and events filled him with a deep sense of terror. Were they twisted fragments of the past? Of the future? Or something else entirely, that had crawled into the world through the rifts in the broken framework of the absolute law?

He did not know, and did not wish to know.

'Perhaps this is how Cassie feels...'

There were shadows, as well. They were just as twisted and perverse as the rest of things within the time storm. He had already limited the range of his shadow sense as much as it was possible, but he could still feel them... the chilling wrongness of them... and couldn't help but shudder.

Sunny felt grim and hopeless.

...At that moment, a childish voice distracted him from his dark thoughts.

"M-my Lord?"

He stirred and looked down, at the small figure of the child priestess. Ananke had grown even younger. Now, she looked like a girl of maybe seven years of age, tired and afraid. Her mind must have regressed further, too. She was still maintaining the bubble of stability around the ketch, but... it felt weaker.

She looked more like an actual child than a wise Saint trapped in the body of one, as well. Sunny forced out a weak smile and asked, trying to keep his tone soft:

"What is it?"

Ananke lingered for a while, seemingly embarrassed. Eventually, though, she whispered in a small voice:

"I'm... scared."

Those words... They cut Sunny like a knife. The proud priestess he knew would have never allowed herself to say something like that to a person she considered her ward. The fact that she had... meant that Ananke was gone further than he thought.

His heart grasped by the icy claws of anger and regret, Sunny struggled to keep his bitter emotions away from his face. His smile froze.

"There's... no need to be afraid, Ananke. We will escape this storm, the three of us. I am sure of it. See?"

He pointed to the water, which was flowing out of the ketch on its own. What he had said to the child priestess was not a lie. Sunny desperately believed that they would, indeed, survive the time storm. Or rather... he had fooled himself into believing that.

He might not have been able to lie to others, but lying to himself? That was the easiest thing in the world. Ananke grew quiet, seemingly calmed a little by his words. However, her small face was still sick with fear. After a few moments, she asked again, her voice tentative:

"My Lord?"

Sunny pulled her closer to him, struggling against the sudden movements of the ketch.

"Yes?"

She hesitated a little.

"Might you... tell me a fairy tale?"

He froze, startled by her request. It was natural for a distressed child to want to hear a fairy tale... probably. 'Right?' The problem was, Sunny couldn't remember any. The only one that he could think of was the strange tale of the wooden boy that Nephis had told him about. But considering its macabre ending, he didn't think it was very suitable to tell that one to Ananke.

He shifted slightly, then said softly:

"I'm sorry... I don't think I know any fairy tales."

The child priestess lowered her head.

"Oh..."

Sunny hesitated for a moment.

"...How about you tell me one, instead?"

Ananke looked at him in surprise, her large azure eyes widening.

"Me?"

He nodded with an encouraging smile.

"Yes. Which one is your favorite?"

The child priestess stared at him, sparks slowly igniting in her eyes. She seemed to have forgotten about the terrifying fury of the storm, at least for a moment. A tentative smile brightened her small face.

"Oh! It is... it is about the Well of Wishes."

Sunny raised an eyebrow, acting as if he was paying rapt attention to her words.

"The Well of Wishes, huh?"

Ananke nodded seriously.

"Yes. They say that the world was born from a wish. And so, a Well of Wishes is hidden at the estuary of the River... because it flows back in time, to the moment when the world was born. Anyone who reaches there will have their most dear wish come true."

Sunny tilted his head, surprised by the strange logic of the fairy tale - both by how odd it was, and that there strangely was logic to it at all.

'In the beginning, there was desire...'

Was it so wrong to say that the world was born from a wish? As the water left the ketch and his essence burned, the child priestess continued with a smile:

"There was once a brave girl who was separated from her mother by the currents. The girl couldn't meet her mother, because she was Riverborn. But... she found a magic ship, which allowed her to sail the River just like an Outsider..."

As the storm raged around them, Ananke told him about the incredible adventures of the Riverborn girl in her small, childish voice. By the time the Riverborn girl found her Outsider mother, the mother had grown weak and frail from old age. Knowing that time would separate them again soon, forever, the girl sailed for the Estuary.

Ananke's voice had grown excited.

"...And finally, she found the Well of Wishes. The girl's wish was to be with her mom, and so, the Well made her mother Riverborn as well. She returned upstream on her magic ship, and they lived together happily, forever..."

She looked at him expectantly, all worry gone from her face.

Sunny held her close, feeling the violent forces of the storm trying to throw the battered ketch down.

"That... is a wonderful fairy tale, Ananke. I liked it a lot."

The child priestess smiled.

"You are an Outsider too, my Lord. You don't even need a magic ship to reach the Estuary! Maybe... maybe you can find the Well of Wishes, too..."

He didn't have the heart to tell her that what waited in the Estuary was the source of the Defilement, and not a magical well that granted everyone their dearest wishes.

Instead, Sunny lingered for a while. Eventually, he nodded.

"Yes... wouldn't that be nice? Maybe I'll really find the Well of Wishes and have my greatest wish come true, one day. Who's to say I won't?"

He smiled.

The Well of Wishes...

Sunny tensed, feeling the approach of an impact.

It was a beautiful fairy tale, indeed.

**********


                                Chapter 1332 Splinters
--------------------
The ketch was thrown into the air by the powerful current, like it had been a thousand times already, and then plummeted down. Bruised and battered, Sunny gritted his teeth and prepared to endure the violent shock of the impact - just like he had endured a thousand of them already.

The seething water seemed as hard as stone when the bottom of the wooden boat hit it. He held on to the side of the ketch, feeling a grim sense of fatigue and hopelessness overwhelm his mind. The darkness was as oppressive as it had been before, the mist was as blinding as it had been before, and the fury of the storm was as chillingly dreadful as it had been before.

However, this impact was different from all the previous ones.

...Sunny failed to see the moment the wood split, but he heard it. Even through the howling of the hurricane wind and the roaring of the falling waves, the cracking sound seemed clear and deafening.

By the time he turned, Nephis was already falling. She hit the deck with a dull thump, leaving a streak of blood on it, and tumbled forward. A split second later, her back hit the protruding fittings of the dismantled mast, violently arresting her fall.

A stifled groan escaped from her lips.

'What... what happened?!'

It took Sunny a moment to notice a jagged piece of broken wood that she was gripping with both hands, still, her knuckles white. Then, he hurriedly glanced at the stern of the ketch.

His pupils narrowed.

The steering oar... was gone. There was only the piece Nephis was holding and a scattering of wet splinters on the deck. The rest of it had shattered, and was washed away by the raging current.

Sunny froze for a moment, both terrified and relieved - relieved because it was not the deck itself that had cracked, terrified because the ketch had become completely uncontrollable now.

The next wave was already approaching, and with no one to steer the boat to face it directly, it was going to hit them from the side. Which meant that the ketch would most likely roll.

Even if it didn't immediately, there would be the next wave, and the next, and the next... and a thousand more after that.

Without a helmsman leading the ketch through the storm, they were doomed.

'Curse it!'

There was no time to think, so he just acted on instinct.

Releasing the enchantments of the Crown of Twilight and the Bone Singer, Sunny called upon the shadows instead.

A tide of them poured out of the small stone lantern that hung on his belt, filling the ketch. There had already been shadows there, but all of them were twisted and broken, turned wrong and eerie by the ravages of broken time. Sunny wasn't sure that he could communicate with these shadows, and so, he summoned more reliable helpers from within the Shadow Lantern.

The cacophony of the storm returned with a deafening vengeance, hitting Sunny like a physical force.

The rolling wave reached their small boat and dove underneath it, sending the ketch rising into the dark vastness of the raging mist. The deck tilted dangerously underneath him, threatening to send Sunny and Ananke overboard.

Nephis slid in their direction before grabbing onto the fitting of the mast.

As they were being simultaneously thrown into the air and pulled into the water, the shadows surged forward. They flowed over the sides of the wooden boat, enveloping it like a black shroud.

Then, the shadows solidified, turning the ketch into an improvised ark. The opening above the deck was closed completely, cutting off the streaming water and the crushing blows of the wind.

All that remained inside were wisps of swirling mist and the darkness, pierced by the soft radiance emanating from Neph's skin.

...However, the ketch was still tilting as it climbed higher and higher. Soon, it was going to crest the wave and either overturn, or plummet back down into the raging waters.

Sunny let out a low growl, then pushed himself and Ananke off the side of the boat and scaled the tilting deck, grabbing the fittings of the mast next to Nephis. A moment later, shadows wrapped themselves around the three of them like bonds, pressing them into the wet wood.

The shadows were like a firm, but elastic harness that would prevent them from flying around the dark interior of the ketch when it inevitably rolled.

Which happened a few seconds later.

Sunny experienced a few moments of weightlessness, his body pressing against the harness, then the familiar trauma of the crash. The cold water - what little of it remained after he had drained it with the help of the Crown of Twilight - flowed across the closed interior of the shadow-veiled boat, pouring into his mouth and nose.

But at least the cocoon of shadows he had created held. It protected the ketch from being turned into splinters, and them from being thrown overboard or drowned.

For now.

But how long could Sunny keep shielding their vessel from the rage of the storm?

His reserves of essence were already breached, a lot of it spent by the Crown of Twilight.

Well... one way or another, they were going to find out.

As the ark of shadows was being carried by the raging current, Sunny, Nephis, and Ananke tried desperately to endure the arduous strain of being tossed around by the harrowing cataclysm.

Sunny and Nephis were laying on the wet deck, secured to it by the bonds of shadows, keeping Ananke's small body between them. Pressed tightly against each other, the three of them had no other choice but to suffer the painful impacts of the waves and cling to the last, desperate vestiges of hope.

The violence of the storm, the bone-chilling cold of the mist, and the muffled roars of the wind filled their hearts with dread.

'We will survive this... we will...'

Sunny kept repeating these words inside his head, as if trying to will them into existence.

His reserve of essence was diminishing slightly with each minute.

And so were their chances of making it out of the storm alive.

**********


                                Chapter 1333 Farewells, The Storm
--------------------
As Sunny was struggling to keep both himself and Ananke whole in the furious grinder of the storm, he could feel her small body trembling. His own body was soaked in cold water and chilled to the bone. At the same time, he could feel the Neph's radiance breathing warmth into it.

It was more than just warmth, too.

Knowing that it was his shadows that were keeping them safe, Nephis sent her flames to engulf Sunny, strengthening both his body and soul. Most of her light was transferred to him, while the last wisp gently caressed the child priestess.

As the white flame surrounded Ananke, the numerous scrapes and bruises covering her small figure instantly healed. She seemed to relax a little.

...Nephis herself, though, was left devoid of any protection.

The two of them were very close, their arms wrapped around each other, with only the trembling child between them. Resting his head on the wet wood of the deck, Sunny silently looked into Neph's eyes.

They were lightless and tired, numbed by torment and pain.

There was nothing to say.

There was nothing to do, either. The three of them just had to suffer, endure, and pray that Sunny's essence lasted longer than the storm did.

It was more easily said than done.

The shadow ark was being shaken and tossed around by the raging elements like a ball. Even though the harness he had created held them in place, it was still a torturous experience. Sunny had to strain all his muscles to lessen the shock of the terrible impacts, holding on to the mast fittings with all his might.

That task was not in any way easier than the draining and laborious process of scooping up water with an iron bowl. In fact, it was much harder, because he couldn't even stand. He had to protect Ananke, as well.

Being lost in the depths of a cataclysmic storm was not much different from the few moments of destructive havoc he had experienced when the explosives beneath Falcon Scott were detonated. Only, this time, the havoc was going to last much, much longer... hours, most likely, or even days.

Not that these words held any meaning anymore.

The volatile currents of broken time that surrounded them were only growing more wild and unstable. Sunny could feel their sickening influence through the protective bubble that Ananke was still maintaining around the ketch. His thoughts had become tangled, and it was hard to maintain focus.

But he had to... he had to keep the manifested shadows intact, continuously willing their shapes into existence and repairing any damage done to the improvised ark. If Sunny lost concentration, all three of them were going to die.

'Come on... we have already reached so far! Just a little bit more! Just a little!'

It was just that he struggled to remain concentrated more and more.

The ravages of broken time were growing fiercer, but the protections conjured by Ananke were growing weaker.

Soon, Sunny found himself unable to tell when was before and when was after. All that remained was the current moment, the pain in his battered body, the cold mist that stuck to his skin, the warmth of Neph's flame burning softly in the depths of his being, and the tactile sensations of her and Ananke's bodies pressed against his own.

All he could do was cling to these sensations, to his connection to the shadows, and find strength in their silent presence.

'I have to hold on... I have to...'

But then, slowly, even these feelings grew vague and chaotic.

The storm of broken time invaded his mind completely, extinguishing Sunny's ability to be aware of the world. He was left in a torturous state that was not consciousness, but also not the merciful oblivion of losing it.

'Have... to... hold...'

And then, the torture dissipated, as well.

There was no time.

There was no world.

There was only the storm.

***

A moment passed.

Or maybe an eternity.

He did not know, nor was he able to know.

The world was swaying gently. Its swaying was like a lullaby.

The world smelled of wet wood... and emptiness.

The world was dark.

Sunny was lost comfortably in a sea of darkness.

But then, bright sunlight shone through his eyelids, painting the darkness red.

'...Sunlight?'

Torn from the embrace of comfort by sudden panic, Sunny opened his eyes and sat up with a start.

'No, no, no...'

His aching body screamed from the sudden motion.

His first thought was that his shadow barrier had dissipated. Otherwise, it wouldn't have let sunlight into the ketch... meaning that they were going to be drowned by the storm in a few moments.

But then, Sunny froze.

Why was there sunlight? How could there be, in the roaring darkness of the storm?

It was then that he finally saw the world.

...The beautiful azure sky was clear, with not a cloud in sight. The seven suns hung in its vast expanse, shining softly.

The surface of the Great River was calm and tranquil, its current as steady as it was supposed to be. The flowing water sparkled as it reflected the sunlight.

The shadow barrier had indeed disappeared, but the ketch... was intact.

Sunny took a shaky breath.

They had cleared the storm. They escaped.

"We... we did it."

His whisper was hoarse and quiet.

For a moment, his heart was drowned by a wave of joy and exhilaration.

"We did it!"

...But then, a nameless emotion enveloped him in a cold embrace.

Sunny shivered.

'What... why...'

"Nephis? Ananke?"

He rose to his knees and looked around, searching for their familiar figures.

Neph was there, sitting tiredly with her back against the side of the ketch. But...

A dull, tearing pain suddenly pierced his heart.

'No...'

Sunny's shoulders fell.

'No...'

Ananke... was nowhere to be seen.

The child priestess had disappeared, leaving behind no trace.

All that remained was an empty black mantle that lay on the deck, orphaned and forlorn.

Crawling a step forward, Sunny clutched the mantle and raised it, staring at the dark fabric with hollow eyes.

He remained kneeling for a few moments, unable to move... or think... or feel.

Sunny's soul felt cold, cold... colder even than he had felt in the snowy field outside Falcon Scott.

As he looked at the black mantle, frozen, two hands wrapped themselves around his shoulders, and Nephis hugged him from behind.

"She's gone."

The warmth of her body and the softness of her voice... were like execution's axe.

Sunny trembled.

Neph held him tighter, as if unwilling to let go.

"The storm must have carried us too deep into the past, far beyond where she was born. And so... she's gone. I'm sorry, Sunny."

The black mantle slipped from his fingers.

Looking down, Sunny gasped for breath.

'But we survived... we survived the storm! Why...'

His vision blurred.

After a while, consumed by pain, he whispered:

"...I am sorry, too."

**********


                                Chapter 1334 Dire Promise
--------------------
Sunny and Nephis remained motionless for a while, carried by the indifferent, inevitable current of the Great River. His heart was heavy... too heavy to bear. It was in so much pain that the suffering felt almost physical. Or maybe it was.

Eventually, the pain turned dull. But the unbearable weight remained.

Slowly raising his hand, Sunny tightly gripped one of Neph's arms. She was still hugging him from behind, so he couldn't see her face. She couldn't see his, either... which was perhaps for the best.

When Sunny spoke, his even voice was low and full of torment:

"Neph..."

He raised his eyes to the distant blue sky.

"Why can't we protect anyone?"

...There was no answer for a while. Eventually, Nephis let out a quiet sigh.

"Because that is not the world we were born into."

She lingered for a moment, her body still pressed against his. Then, she added:

"You and I, and everyone we know... we were born to destroy things, not save them."

Sunny lowered his head, thinking that maybe she was right. The world they lived in - both of the worlds, really - needed killers more than it needed builders. That was the sign of the dire times they belonged to.

But what was the point of slaying Nightmare Creatures and conquering the trials of the Spell if there was nothing to return to except regret and ruin?

A few moments later, he heard Neph's voice again. Holding him, she said in a hesitant tone:

"I don't know if it helps... but Ananke never intended to return to Weave. She knew that she wouldn't be coming back all along."

Sunny's eyes trembled. Shifting slightly, he turned his head and finally looked at Neph.

"What?"

She sighed.

"What kind of future would it have been, to return and spend the rest of her limitless life alone in the graveyard of everything she loved? She had only held out for that long because of a dream about the Children of Weaver... us... needing her help. Once we were gone, her last reason to remain would have been gone, too."

Nephis looked away.

"That was why the supplies we gathered in Weave were only meant for two people, not three. And why she wanted to tell us about its past so much."

Her voice grew forced and heavy.

"...That was why she took us to the House of Parting, as well. Where the Riverborn come to leave on their last journey. To have a feast with their loved ones before saying farewell."

Neph's usually motionless face contorted slightly. She remained silent for a moment, then said evenly:

"We made her food, listened to her tales, and kept her company along the way. The order of things might have been wrong... but at least she wasn't alone at the end. We were there to send her off."

Sunny lowered his head, stunned.

'The supplies...'

Why didn't he realize that all the things they had gathered in Weave were meant for the two of them, and not Ananke herself? How could he not have noticed something so obvious?

Perhaps it was because, deep down, Sunny had always known the hideous truth. He had just closed his eyes to it, not wanting to bear its weight, and found solace in convincing himself that they would think of something later... even though there was nothing they could do to change the bitter outcome.

Ananke was gone.

He stared at the wooden boards of the deck, trying uselessly to console himself. He told himself that the woman they knew was not the real Ananke. Of course, it didn't help. He told himself that everything had happened according to her wishes... that disappearing in the embrace of the Children of Weaver was the best death a priestess of the Nightmare Spell could have hoped for.

Of course, it didn't help, either.

In the end, there was only one way to lessen the burden crushing his weary heart.

It was to turn the pain into anger.

Sunny could not bring Ananke back... but he could exact bloody vengeance on those who had doomed her.

'The Mad Prince...'

The image of the odious abomination appeared in front of his eyes. Sunny's face hardened, and his hands slowly turned into fists.

'That bastard might still be out there, somewhere.'

His eyes gleamed with murderous hate.

...But then, Sunny reminded himself who the Six Plagues were. Or rather, who he thought they were.

He remained silent for a while, and then said in a distant voice:

"Neph. You know... I saw the Mad Prince in a dream."

She let go of him and shifted back, allowing Sunny to turn around and look at her. His expression was grim.

He hesitated for a few moments, then forced himself to say:

"I... think I know who he is. Who each of the Six Plagues is. They're us... they're us from the future. Cassie, Effie, Kai, Jet, Mordret, and I... all the members of the cohort. Except for you."

Sunny remembered the dream where the vestige of the Defiled madman had attacked him. The deranged voice calling him a murderer, over and over again.

'Murderer...'

Closing his eyes for a moment, he said quietly:

"Because we killed you. You can't be Corrupted, and so, we must have killed you. That's why there are only six Plagues."

There it was. The thought he was scared to admit to himself, said aloud.

Sunny struggled to keep his emotions suppressed and looked at Nephis, not knowing what her reaction would be.

Her face was motionless, and her beautiful grey eyes were calm... like always. Sunny could usually read the true emotions hiding behind her expressionless mask, but he failed to decipher them this time.

Was she confused? Unbelieving? Angry? Frightened?

Nephis remained silent for a long time.

Then, she looked him in the eyes and said calmly:

"That's great, then."

Sunny blinked.

That... was not the reaction he had expected.

Confused, he frowned and asked, making sure that he had heard right:

"...Great?"

Nephis nodded, as if confirming something obvious.

"Of course. If the Six Plagues are really us from the future... then we know all about them. We know all their strengths, and all their weaknesses. We even know their Flaws."

She smiled slightly out of the corner of her mouth.

"I was worried about having to face them before, but if what you said is true... well, then it changes things. If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. If the enemy is yourself, though... everything becomes much simpler, doesn't it?"

Sunny stared at her, stunned.

"Indeed..."

Indeed, she was right.

His eyes widened a little.

If the Mad Prince was truly a future version of himself - a vile apparition from a future where Nephis was dead - then all it took to kill the bastard was to speak their True Name aloud.

If the Devouring Beast was truly a future version of Effie, then killing her would be as easy as isolating the fearsome Plague and denying her access to sustenance. Before too long, the Defiled abomination would weaken, and her body would consume itself.

If Undying Slaughter was truly the future version of Jet, then they simply had to engage her in a battle for an extended period of time, not allowing the wretched thing to slay anyone and absorb their essence. Eventually, her soul would collapse by itself.

If Torment was truly the future version of Cassie, then her strength lay in her prophetic powers and an incredibly high affinity to revelations and fate. She could not be too formidable physically... so, Weaver's Mask would render her defenseless.

There were the other two, of course. Mordret's Flaw was unknown, and Sunny doubted that he would share it freely. However, the Prince of Nothing would be able to deal with the Soul Stealer personally without revealing his secrets.

Kai's Flaw, meanwhile, was not something that could be exploited to bring him down in battle.

Still... knowing how to kill five out of the Six Plagues was already a brilliant result. It was much better, by far, than facing six harrowing abominations blind.

Sunny had been so shaken and revolted by the dreadful possibility of turning into the hateful Mad Prince that he failed to consider its hidden benefits.

His eyes gleamed darkly.

Looking up, Sunny stared at Nephis silently for a few long, poignant moments.

Then, he said quietly:

"Neph... let's kill the Mad Prince."

His voice slowly grew stronger.

"Let's kill that wretch, and the rest of the Six Plagues with him. Let's slaughter the Defiled. Let's burn Verge to the ground."

He gritted his teeth and leaned forward, his eyes burning with dark murderous intent.

"Let's conquer this horrid Nightmare."

Sunny's words hung in the air for a moment, and were then carried away by the wind.

Nephis remained silent for a while.

Then, she smiled, white flames igniting in her eyes.

"...It's a promise."

[End of Part One: Currents of Time]

**********


                                Chapter 1335 After the Storm
--------------------
The Great River was like it had always been - vast, dreamlike, and ceaseless. Its current gently carried the ketch forward, as if the harrowing storm had never happened. The seven suns slowly traveled across the azure sky, which was painted lilac in the east and vibrant crimson in the west.

For a while, Nephis and Sunny remained idle. Their bodies were still reeling from the terrible battle against the raging elements, and so were their minds. The invasive violence of broken time had left them drained and fragile.

Their hearts felt hollow, too.

Sunny silently lay on the wooden deck, staring at the sky. His head was empty, full of nothing but the sensation of a dull ache that radiated from all across his battered body.

It was good to hurt. Pain reminded him that he was alive.

There was the smell of wet wood, the peaceful sound of waves splashing against the sides of the ketch, and the warm sunlight. Most noteworthy of all, there was time.

He had never been aware of just how important the sense of time was before experiencing its absence. And why would he? People did not usually pay attention to immutable things, simply taking them for granted. But as it turned out, those things were not as absolute when higher beings were involved.

Now that they had escaped the storm, the natural flow of time returned in all its glory. Its reliable presence felt... reassuring. Time was at peace once again.

Time flowed.

Eventually, the dull ache permeating his body subsided. The pain in his heart grew duller, as well. New sensations took their place.

Thirst, hunger... caution, determination.

Sunny still felt numb, but his mind was slowly recovering.

He lingered for a while longer, then sat up with a quiet sigh.

The vista of the Great River around them was exactly as before the storm... which posed a bit of a problem.

Some time later, Sunny and Nephis were sitting at the bow of the ketch, looking soberly at several strange tools laying on the deck in front of them. One looked like a bronze astrolabe, another was akin to a sextant, and the third resembled a strange compass. All these had been gifted to them by Ananke, and were meant for navigating the Great River.

Of course, the first one was not really an astrolabe, since there were no stars in the Tomb of Ariel. The second one could be considered a sextant, but the set of principles it was supposed to work on was entirely different from the waking world. The third one could indeed show direction, but it was between past, future, dawn, and dusk instead of north, south, east, and west.

Sunny and Nephis had learned a fair deal about how to use these tools, but not about why they worked. The Great River was not a sphere, like Earth was, and it didn't revolve around a star. Instead, seven artificial suns revolved around the river. Nevertheless, there seemed to be some sort of curvature to it, which neither of them could explain.

It was all a mystery.

Before, Ananke had been their navigator, but now that she was gone, Sunny and Nephis had to chart the course themselves.

Hence, the somber expressions.

Nephis sighed.

"It doesn't make sense. According to this, we are much further downstream than we were supposed to be... weeks worth of sailing away from the Lower House."

Sunny scratched the back of his head.

"There was still a current when we were inside the storm. Sure, it was wild and chaotic... but the water still flowed in a single direction. Much faster than usual, at that. So, maybe the storm carried us all the way here."

She frowned.

"But we didn't spend weeks inside it. Did we?"

He hesitated, not knowing what to say. Time had been broken within the storm, so it was impossible to tell how long they had been fighting against it. It could have been days, or hours... or months. Especially considering the insidious nature of the frozen time in the eye of the storm.

Distance was equally hard to measure. They had to have been not too far from Weave up until the point when Ananke's protections failed. After that, both Sunny and Nephis had been completely out of their minds for Spell knew how long, losing all awareness of the world.

He grimaced.

"I have no idea, but the fact remains. We are much further downstream than anticipated. So what? It's good news, really. It means that we are already halfway to Fallen Grace."

And its sybil, Dusk.

Fallen Grace was situated in the distant past - not that far from the span of the Great River that corresponded to when the sybils had entered the Tomb of Ariel at the height of the Doom War. A long journey still awaited Sunny and Nephis if they wanted to reach the last human city, but half of it seemed to already be behind them.

Which was indeed a piece of great news, since the battered ketch did not look like it would be able to survive the perils of the Great River for much longer.

Nephis lingered for a while, then nodded.

"You're right. If everything goes well, we might reach our destination in a couple of weeks."

Her face darkened.

"However, what are the chances that it will? Even though this region of the Great River should be safer than the one we come from, it is by no means safe."

Without Ananke, they were not going to be able to mask the presence of the ketch from the dwellers of the depths as efficiently. There were battles ahead of them, without a doubt... and while the abominations were supposed to be less powerful downstream, the chances of stumbling onto the Defiled increased.

Sunny looked at the wooden deck beneath him with a complicated expression. The ketch had endured a lot in the storm. Too much, really. The fact that it was still in one piece spoke volumes about the craftsmanship of the person who had built it.

But would it survive a clash with a frenzied Nightmare Creature? What about one after that, and one after that?

His face turned grim.

'...I don't think it will.'

Nephis seemed to be thinking the same. They were both worried.

However, there was nothing they could do.

Their only choice was to set sail, and pray to the dead gods.

Full of somber apprehension, Sunny and Nephis got to work without delay.

They raised the two masts back into position and fastened the sails to them. The steering oar was gone, so they fashioned a new one from the repair materials stored inside the Covetous Coffer, affixing it at the stern of the ketch with the help of one of Neph's Memories, the Dark Shaper.

Then, she spoke the Names taught to her by Ananke and summoned the winds.

The ketch flew downstream once again, cutting the clear waters with its bow.

...Only now, there were two people inside of it instead of three.

Sunny's heart ached.

The Great River glistened as the seven suns shone brightly on its vast expanse. Time slowly passed, the interior of the boat full of tense silence. While Nephis struggled to sustain the forward momentum of the ketch, Sunny stood at the bow and peered into the water, hoping to sense a potential attack before it was too late.

However, they had not seen any Nightmare Creatures that day.

Instead... they saw something that made both Sunny and Nephis freeze, paralyzed by shock.

Looking at the dark silhouette that appeared in the distance, floating aimlessly on the waves, they felt an eerie sense of rejection. As if the world surrounding them was nothing but a dream...

Eventually, Sunny flinched and asked, his voice full of disbelief:

"What... what the hell is it doing here?"

**********


                                Chapter 1336 Stench of Fate
--------------------
The small dot that had appeared in the distance slowly drew closer as the ketch approached it, guided by Neph's firm hand. At some point, however, she silently released the Names, allowing the boat to drift forward on its own.

Her gaze was directed forward, a rare rattled expression apparent on her face.

Sunny was no different.

Paralyzed by shock, both of them froze. After a few moments of stunned silence, he flinched and asked in a trembling voice:

"What... what the hell is it doing here?"

His mind was in turmoil, unable to process the truth of what they saw.

In front of them, a battered ship was floating listlessly on the waves. Its silhouette was beautiful and fluid, but there were ugly burn marks and terrible scars littering the graceful wooden hull of the damaged vessel. It looked... like it had escaped from the depths of hell after a long and dreadful battle.

It also looked completely empty, like a ghost ship abandoned by its crew.

But what was truly inconceivable about the drifting ship...

Was the sound of rustling leaves carried from its deck by the wind.

Looking up, Sunny saw the mighty branches of a sublime tree that grew around the eerie vessel's mast.

He knew this ship. He knew it too well.

...It was the Chain Breaker.

The battered vessel in front of them was the ancient flagship of the Fire Hunters, which Noctis had won from them in a gamble. It was also the ship that Cassie and the Fire Keepers had restored to its former glory, and which Sunny named.

Chain Breaker looked almost exactly the same as the last time Sunny had seen it... but also unfamiliar. Apart from the harrowing scars covering its hull, there were also other differences. The hull itself seemed different, with bands of dull metal reinforcing its graceful lines. He did not recognize the fearsome shape of the ship's ram, either.

The vessel looked much fiercer than the one from his memories, resembling an embattled warship more than it did a beautiful yacht.

There were many discrepancies, but the most glaring one was the sacred tree itself. It was much, much taller and more robust than the one Cassie had nurtured, drowning the entire middle section of the ship in the shadow of its crown.

Still... it was the Chain Breaker.

Was it?

No, it couldn't be...

It was inconceivable that the flying ship had somehow found its way into the Tomb of Ariel. Sunny failed to understand how it could have appeared here.

Seeing it felt simply too bizarre.

Shaken, he tore his gaze away from the battered vessel and looked at Nephis. His mouth felt dry.

"How could it be here?"

She hesitated, just as rattled as he was. After a while, she shook her head.

"I don't know. Maybe... maybe it's a different ship. The people who built the Chain Breaker could have created more than one vessel. Maybe."

Both of them knew that the probability of that being the case was extremely low. Noctis had owned the flying ship for the better part of a thousand years, and modified it extensively over the centuries. He had been the one who planted a tree from the Sacred Grove of Heart God on the ship's deck and created the enchantments that connected the two into a single whole, as well.

How could there be another ship like that?

Nephis took a deep breath.

"...Or maybe Noctis had visited the Tomb of Ariel at some point in time. If he did, then his ship would have been carried into the Nightmare by the Spell, just like Daeron of the Twilight Sea was. Because the Great River flows through time."

She frowned.

"Does it look like how it had been when Noctis commanded it? It's different from how it is now. In the waking world, I mean."

Her voice was full of doubt.

Sunny frowned, then looked at the battered ship once more. After a while, he said with uncertainty:

"No... it doesn't look like either the past or the present version of Chain Breaker. It's different from both."

After a short pause, he added:

"Of course, I was with Noctis only at the very end of the thousand years he had spent in the Kingdom of Hope. The ship we traveled on might have looked different before. That guy... he surely rebuilt and modified it many times. The version we saw was only the last out of many."

Was that the reason, then? The copy of the Chain Breaker was here because Noctis had visited the Tomb of Ariel once upon a time, leaving an imprint for the Spell to conjure back to life?

...If so, then where was the flamboyant sorcerer himself? Why was his ship drifting in the current of time, damaged and abandoned?

That theory was the only one that made any kind of sense... but it was still tenuous at best.

Sunny and Nephis looked at each other, both feeling a somber sense of unease.

Eventually, he sighed.

"There's actually a different, more pressing question."

She nodded slowly.

"What are the odds that in the endless vastness of the Great River, we would blindly arrive at the exact spot where this ship is located?"

The corner of Sunny's mouth twitched.

Looking away, he remained silent for a while. His thoughts were grim.

'This situation smells, and it's a familiar smell. The stench of fate...'

He looked at the battered ship darkly.

"It can't be a coincidence. Just like Ananke finding us was not a coincidence. The person who had sent her a message through dreams must have intended for us to find the Chain Breaker."

Sunny hesitated for a bit, and then added:

"In fact, I am willing to bet that this is where the dream told her to point us."

Both of them remained silent for a while, disturbed.

Was it Dusk, the Sybil of Fallen Grace?

Who else could have predicted the future so precisely?

'Someone who can see the strings of fate far better than I can, that's for sure...'

Nephis threw one more glance at the battered ship, unnerved, then shook her head.

"I guess we'll find out soon. For now... we were both worried about the ketch enduring the journey to Fallen Grace, weren't we? Now, there's a nearly indestructible ship in front of us. One that was built to endure a sea of divine flames, no less. It looks damaged, but since it hasn't sunk yet, the damage must not be too crippling."

Sunny stared at her silently for a moment.

"...You want to climb aboard? Are you cr... are you sure?"

She met his gaze and shrugged.

"Why not?"

He remained silent for a bit.

Then, Sunny chuckled wryly and looked away.

"Damnation. I must be crazy myself... because I really want to climb into that ship, too..."

**********


                                Chapter 1337 Ghost Ship
--------------------
Bringing the ketch to the towering side of the battered ship... the Chain Breaker... Sunny and Nephis lingered for a while, looking up. Both felt more than a little bit of apprehension, but at the same time, they were relieved.

Traveling across the perilous expanse of the Great River on a mighty ship would be much more reassuring than on a small, damaged sailboat.

Eventually, Nephis summoned the familiar golden rope and glanced at Sunny.

He nodded, then hesitated for a moment.

Bending down, Sunny picked up Ananke's black mantle and looked at it with a forlorn expression. It was the only thing she had left behind... the last reminder of her existence, if one didn't count the ketch itself.

It was also the vestment of the priests of the Nightmare Spell.

He remained motionless for a while, then silently wrapped the mantle around his shoulders.

As soon as his body became shrouded by the dark folds of the nebulous fabric, Sunny felt a strange shiver run down his spine. He had donned the black mantle in honor of Ananke, to have something to remember her by, but the act suddenly seemed deeply symbolic.

It was as though he was devoting himself to Weaver... which Sunny had no intention of doing.

And there was another, far more chilling detail.

'This mantle...'

Was he just imagining things, or was it eerily similar to the tattered rags the Mad Prince wore in the nightmare? It was hard to tell due to how faded and sunburnt the rags were, but if he just pictured what they might have looked like decades, or even hundreds of years ago...

Sunny frowned, his gaze turning dark. But, in the end, he chose to leave the black mantle on.

'That bastard will not define me.'

With that, he took a step forward and joined Nephis, who had already thrown the rope up, tightening the loop at its end around the broken railing of the ghost ship. She gave it a couple of tugs, then nimbly climbed up.

Sunny followed.

A few moments later, they jumped down on the deck of the Chain Breaker.

An eerie feeling gripped his heart.

The deck of the ancient vessel was both familiar and unfamiliar. It was very similar to the one he had spent so much time on - both in the Dream Realm and the Second Nightmare. However, there were also glaring differences.

The very geometry of the main deck seemed slightly different. However, it was hard to tell what the differences were exactly... because it was severely damaged.

Here and there, the wood was splintered and covered in soot, with deep grooves cutting into its surface - as if some enormous beast, or a legion of them, had torn through the ancient wood with monstrous claws. The railings were shattered and broken in many places, the mighty siege engines lay broken and destroyed.

Several massive holes had been punched through the deck, as well, revealing the devastated interior of the ship. Their jagged edges hinted that something dreadfully powerful had either broken into the cargo hold, or had broken free from it.

There was not a soul in sight.

Sunny and Nephis glanced at each other, wary. Then, without saying anything, he sent his shadows to scout the interior of the ancient vessel.

After a swift and corduroy search, they had not discovered anything except for more signs of a furious battle.

He let out a quiet sigh.

"It's empty. There's no one here."

Nephis nodded, lowering the sword that had appeared in her hand as soon as they climbed aboard. She looked around, seemingly more relaxed, and then said calmly:

"Let's explore properly."

They spent some time tentatively exploring the abandoned ship. Everywhere they went, they were met with signs of dreadful devastation. Sunny knew for a fact how enduring the enchanted wooden walls of the Chain Breaker were... he shuddered when imagining what kind of forces could have brought it to such a sorry state.

The last time the flying vessel had been damaged so severely, it was because Cassie had thrown it down from the skies and rammed an immortal Saint at full speed. This time, however, it seemed the ship had withstood a harrowing and prolonged assault before being breached, at which point the fighting continued inside.

Then, it drifted in the currents of the Great River for gods knew how long. As a result, there was nothing left to tell them where and when the ghost ship had really come from, and who had fought in the battle that rendered it broken and empty.

Sunny did not know what kind of beings could have devastated the ancient vessel to such a degree, nor did he know what kind of defenders could have resisted their assault. Whoever they were, the aftermath of their cataclysmic clash gave him chills.

However... there was good news, as well.

About an hour later, Sunny and Nephis returned to the main deck and rested in the shade of the sacred tree. Their expressions were thoughtful.

Touching the ivory bark, Nephis inhaled deeply.

"The damage is severe, but shallow. There are no leaks, and the ship is not taking on water. While the interior is a mess, the support structures are all holding... it is not going to sink anytime soon."

She lingered for a moment, studying the sacred tree, and added:

"The tree is also alive, and healthy. However, the enchantment circuits are broken. The runic circle at the stern is dormant. We won't be able to fly the Chain Breaker."

Sunny nodded.

"Does any of us even know how to control it? Cassie is usually the one doing the steering. She learned directly from Noctis."

Nephis sighed.

"I don't. Regardless, flying is not an option... that said, we don't need the sacred tree and the enchantments to make the ship move. It still has sails, doesn't it? Even though most sails are either burned or torn, we can repair them. We brought enough supplies from Weave."

He looked around, thinking. The sails were indeed torn, but there were repair kits just for that purpose among the supplies Ananke had left them with. All in all... it seemed that they had everything necessary to turn the Chain Breaker back into a seaworthy vessel, even if the repair job would not look pretty.

There would be... a lot for them to do.

Sunny sighed, then gave Nephis a short nod.

"Let's get to work, then."

**********


                                Chapter 1338 On the Importance of Needlework and Carpentry
--------------------
There was a lot of work to be done, and not enough time. The night was already approaching. Sunny and Nephis hastily cleared one of the compartments - the one that corresponded to the captain's cabin on the actual Chain Breaker - intending to use it as shelter.

Too tired to cook, they ate a cold supper and went to sleep. Sunny did not forget to summon Saint and Fiend to guard them, while Nightmare protected their dreams.

In the morning, both felt more refreshed. Their bodies had mostly recovered from the terrible strain put on them by the storm. Most Ascended would have been rendered weak and helpless by the savage cataclysm for weeks, but Sunny and Nephis each possessed astonishing vitality - he because of Blood Weave, she due to the restorative power of her Aspect.

They got to work as the seven suns slowly rose from the gleaming waters.

On the first day, they planned to clear the main deck of debris. With Sunny, Nephis, Saint, Fiend, and Nightmare all working together, the arduous task of moving terribly heavy pieces of wreckage was not too hard. It took longer to sift through them, separating the things that had to be disposed of from those that could be of use later.

Even though neither Sunny nor Nephis knew how to repair the siege engines, there was a weak hope that someone in Fallen Grace would.

The pieces of splintered wood seemed useless at first glance, but it was still the mystical wood that the Chain Breaker had been built of... simply tossing something like that into the water did not sit right with either of them, not even mentioning how precious of a resource wood was in the Tomb of Ariel.

There were bent and torn pieces of a strange, supremely durable metal as well. Those were also worth keeping.

In the end, they abandoned the upper deck and started clearing the main cargo hold instead. By the time they were done, it was night again, and both were tired.

...That night, they made a fire under the branches of the sacred tree, and Nephis cooked them food. Her cooking was as delicious as ever, and the quiet rustling of leaves made for a tranquil atmosphere.

However, this was the first time since the dark island that they shared a proper meal with just the two of them enjoying it.

It was so strange... Ananke had not been with them for long, but her absence felt like a gaping hole. Perhaps it was because Sunny and Nephis had witnessed her as a frail old woman, a vigorous matron, a charming young lady, and an innocent child that their time together felt like a lifetime.

That lifetime was now behind them, and new hardships awaited ahead. Time was relentless, washing away all things - both inconsequential and those they held dear.

On the second day, their efforts to prepare the ship for the voyage were more fruitful. With the cargo hold free of debris, they could neatly store everything that was valuable enough to hold on to there. The main deck was soon cleared. Sunny even washed it, trying to get rid of the soot, grime, and something that resembled dried blood.

...Or rather, he made Fiend do it while resting in the shade of the sacred tree and sipping on cold water from the Endless Spring.

On the third day, they cleared one of the two mess halls. After that, however, Sunny and Nephis stopped - they decided to leave the rest of the inner compartments alone, at least until reaching Fallen Grace. They briefly considered cleaning one of the other cabins to have separate sleeping quarters, but eventually dropped that idea.

It was not like they were unaccustomed to spending the nights in close proximity to each other, anyway. Plus, it was safer - neither of them knew when a sudden attack could come, so staying together was a more pragmatic choice.

And more familiar.

Finally, on the fourth day, they started to work on the sails.

Repairing them was much more arduous of a task than Sunny had imagined... but, unexpectedly, he turned out to be excellent at it. Who would have thought?

Being good with thread and needle was the last thing Sunny had expected when starting to learn the mysterious sorcery of the Demon of Fate, but that was exactly the side effect he was benefiting from right now.

Still, the progress was slow because of just how damaged the sails of the Chain Breaker were. Not to mention that they had to take them down, patch them up, and then fasten the sails back up.

The masts, booms, and spores required some repairs to be done, too. That task was accomplished by Nephis with the help of the materials they had brought from Weave or salvaged from the debris of the ghost ship and the Dark Shaper.

...One the seventh day, they were done with everything they could accomplish in a short amount of time.

The Chain Breaker had transformed. There were still burn marks and scars on its hull, and the main deck still gaped with wide holes... however, the largest of them were now covered with wooden boards, and it was clear of debris.

Saint was standing on the front of the ship with a bow in her hands, serving as their vanguard. Nightmare was hiding in the shadows nearby, while Fiend was protecting the sacred tree.

Nephis stepped into the runic circle at the stern of the ancient vessel - the circle itself was inactive, but it was still the natural position to take if one wanted to hold the two steering oars of the flying ship. Granted, one of those oars would be useless for now, since it controlled ascent and descent, and the Chain Breaker was unable to fly.

Sunny was standing by her side.

He looked at Nephis and asked, his voice full of anticipation - which was hard not to feel after a whole week of hard labor to prepare for this moment.

"Are you ready?"

Placing her hand on the steering oars, she nodded.

"Let's go. We wasted enough time in the future already."

Turning away, he inhaled deeply and looked at the length of the graceful vessel.

When Noctis had owned it, there was a crew of wooden sailor dolls to work the ship. When the Fire Keepers claimed it, there were Awakened to do the same.

Now, however, there were only Sunny and Nephis... and Nephis had to remain at the stern to guide the Chain Breaker. So, it was his job to work the sails.

Since Sunny had no intention of jumping from mast to mast like a monkey... whatever a monkey was... he concentrated and called upon the shadows.

A few moments later, tenebrous arms manifested themselves into existence all over the ship, pulling on the ropes. It took some concentration to control them all at once, but after the grueling education of the Antarctic Campaign, Sunny was more than proficient in using Shadow Manifestation. The sails slowly rose, and then filled with wind.

Coming back to life, the ancient ship turned to face downstream, and then slowly started accelerating.

'It's moving...'

They were finally on their way to Fallen Grace.

**********


                                Chapter 1339 Moving On
--------------------
The Chain Breaker was steadily advancing down the Great River. The gale Nephis could summon by uttering its name was not powerful enough to push the ship as fast as it had pushed the ketch, but to their luck, the winds were blowing in the same direction.

Carried both by their power and the current of time, the graceful vessel rushed forward at great speed.

All around them, there was nothing but sunlight and sparkling water. The vast expanse of the Great River was beautiful and exhilarating... of course, great horrors were hiding behind the deceptive facade of its beauty.

But nothing had attacked them yet.

...Life went on.

Sitting in the shade of the sacred tree, Sunny felt strangely indignant about that fact.

He had been constantly busy during the week they spent patching up the battered ship, which was a mercy. Now that there was really nothing for him to do, Sunny found himself feeling numb and hollow. His lightless soul seemed even darker than usual these days.

With a sigh, he closed his eyes and concentrated on the calming sound of the rustling leaves.

'Just... how much can a person endure?'

He was tired of loss.

He was also tired of losing.

'Sometimes it feels like I was better off not caring about anyone except myself. Those were the days, weren't they?'

As he smiled crookedly, a familiar voice suddenly resounded from above:

"Do you mean the days of being a frightened, pathetic, miserable little wretch that not a single person in the world cared about, in turn? Well... I suppose it's indeed the best you deserve. That's how you'll end up anyway, eventually."

Opening his eyes, Sunny looked up with a dark expression.

The Sin of Solace was standing above him as if nothing had happened. The loathsome wraith looked like he always had... exactly like Sunny. The bastard was even wearing a perfect copy of Ananke's mantle. His face was full of cold contempt.

Sunny scoffed.

"Wow. Look who decided to show up. I thought you chose to crawl back into whatever pit that had spawned you and never come back. Where the hell have you been?"

The apparition smirked.

"Maybe I just got sick of watching you fail, lose, and get people killed all the time. Even imaginary creatures like me have a limit, you know? Ah, of course you don't. You don't know anything, the fool that you are."

Sunny stared at him for a while, silent. His eyes were cold and somber.

Eventually, he shook his head and said evenly:

"For someone who hates me so much, you sure are too helpful. Why save me from the Mad Prince if you feel that way? Don't you think that you owe me an explanation?"

The Sin of Solace laughed.

"Owe you? And you even have the audacity to call someone mad after spouting such nonsense... I owe you nothing."

He shook his head, then said with a derisive smile:

"Let's make something clear. I did not save you. I just saved myself from having to endure more misery. Being stuck with a hateful worm like you is already bad enough, but being stuck with you if you become Defiled? Gods... that would be truly insufferable."

Sunny tilted his head, thinking.

'So, the secret the Mad Prince wanted to tell me was truly dangerous enough to turn me into a Defiled...'

Or was it? Was he supposed to believe anything that the Sin of Solace said? The sword wraith acted like an independent being, and in a sense, it was... but the source of that being was still Sunny himself, Therefore, the bastard could not know anything that he himself did not know.

The Sin of Solace was a part of his mind, after all.

...Wasn't he?

Sunny frowned.

'To be honest, I have no idea what that thing is anymore.'

He had figured out the nature of the sword wraith in Antarctica, and had even gotten a good grasp of how to deal with the apparition. But once they entered the Tomb of Ariel... that nature seemed to have changed without any explanation.

Why had it changed? And how?

Was it the influence of the Tomb itself? It had been built by the Demon of Dread, after all, from whose whisper the curse that caused the sword wraith to manifest was born. Or was there something more sinister at play?

Staring at the Sin of Solace, Sunny asked:

"What are you, really? How did you know that the Mad Prince in my dream was dangerous? Why did you try to stop him from subjecting me to Corruption?"

The apparition grinned.

Without saying anything, he lingered for a while, then looked down and touched the sleeve of Ananke's dark mantle.

"By the way, what a wonderful mantle. You should really get more people killed and collect a piece of clothing from each one. Then, we'll be able to add an apparel section to the Brilliant Emporium. Ah! Shame you didn't think of that in Antarctica..."

Sunny growled and swiped at the grinning apparition, but he was already gone. The sword wraith had disappeared just as suddenly as he had appeared.

'That bastard!'

Gritting his teeth, Sunny leaned back and stared at the swaying branches of the sacred tree. He was full of dark anger.

But...

The appearance of the Sin of Solace had distracted him from his melancholy, at least. Until those last words plunged him right back into dejection.

He sighed.

'I'll learn the truth eventually...'

For now...

He had felt better when he was busy, so the best solution for this dark mood would be to make himself busy once again.

Controlling the sails did not take much of his attention, so Sunny had to do something else.

Luckily, there was a lot for him to do.

He had to continue studying the Estuary Key. He also had to weave a lot of Memories to help Nightmare Ascend, as well as come up with ways to make the members of the cohort stronger.

'Let's get to it, then. There is a week or two left before we reach Fallen Grace. I can achieve a lot in two weeks...'

Abandoning the shade of the sacred tree, Sunny went to the bow of the Chain Breaker, where Ananke's ketch was fastened to the deck. He and Nephis had retrieved it from the water before setting sail, planning to use the ketch as a lifeboat if the need arose.

Summoning the Shadow Chair, he placed it near the battered sailboat, sat down, and looked at the glistening expanse of the Great River.

Then, Sunny sighed and contemplated what task he would tackle first.

**********


                                Chapter 1340 New Perspective
--------------------
Sunny remained motionless for a while, thinking. After a few moments, he unconsciously began to fiddle with the hems of the black mantle's sleeves. The smooth fabric glided across his fingertips, making them tingle a little.

Eventually, his gaze settled on it. Sunny tilted his head.

Abandoning his previous plans, he stood up and took off the mantle instead. Then, he sat back down and laid it across his lap.

'I wonder...'

He doubted that it was a simple piece of clothing. It was the attire of a Nightmare Spell priest, after all, most likely passed down to Ananke from her mother - the original priestess who had entered the Tomb of Ariel with the first wave of Outsiders. The corpse under the cathedral in the Dark City had been wearing the same dark garment.

So, it had to have some secrets.

Sunny hesitated for a few moments. Unlike Weaver's Mask, the black mantle was not a Memory - otherwise, it would have disappeared with Ananke. There were some Memories that persisted after the death of their owners, of course, like the Dawn Shard that Nephis had found on the remains of the First Lord of the Bright Castle.

But the nebulous mantle was not one of those, either. Otherwise, it would have bound itself to Sunny the moment he picked it up.

It seemed to be a perfectly mundane robe, albeit sewn from some mystical material. Nevertheless, he shifted his perception and tried to look within the mantle, just in case.

He was not disappointed.

'Huh?'

There was indeed a spellweave hidden within Ananke's mantle. And it was... a strange one.

'How... odd.'

Sunny studied the weave of ethereal strings with a perplexed expression.

There were all the elements that a spellweave was supposed to be made of - a radiant nexus and an intricate tapestry of essence threads. However, the pattern of the ethereal strings was very different from what Sunny was accustomed to.

It was elegant and vast, but... how could he put it... the weave of the dark mantle was infinitely less labyrinthine than that of every Memory in his possession. It was by no means crude, but also not nearly as complicated as them.

He studied the strange spellweave for a few minutes, then leaned back, bewildered.

'...It's not there!'

When Sunny studied the weave of a new Memory, he always searched for the familiar patterns first, to use as a starting point - the universal patterns that all Memories shared, and which were the first sorcery he himself had woven. The connection to the soul of the owner, the ability to manifest from and dissipate into soul essence, the ability to self-repair in the Soul Sea...

But the weave of Ananke's mantle lacked these fundamental patterns.

He blinked a couple of times.

'What...'

Suddenly, Sunny realized a simple fact. Although all the Memories he had seen shared these traits... that was simply because they had all come from only two sources.

One source was the Nightmare Spell, and the other source was Sunny himself. More than that, his knowledge of weaving had mostly come from studying the weaves created by the Nightmare Spell.

The Memories created by the enchanters of Valor weren't different, either. That was because while they forged enchanted weapons using unique Aspects, the Spell served as an intermediary in the process - crafting Memories was an innate ability of the Valor family, not a learned skill like their knowledge of runic sorcery or Sunny's knowledge of weaving.

So, in the end, both sources were one and the same.

But that was not the only way of going about weaving enchanted items... only the ultimate way.

The weave he was looking at right now, though, had been created by someone else. Perhaps by the High Priest of the Nightmare Spell Ananke had spoken about, or by one of his students...

Which was why it was a sorcerous item enchanted through weaving, but not technically Memory.

Sunny scratched his head.

'So something like that can exist, too...'

Of course, it could! The fact seemed so obvious in hindsight, and yet, he had never considered such a possibility before. Mostly because it was really hard for a human mind to think outside a familiar framework. Every Memory Sunny had known was an item enchanted through weaving, and so, he subconsciously assumed that all items enchanted through weaving were Memories.

But they didn't have to be, like the mantle in front of him.

...Which was a curious detail, but not exactly useful.

Who wouldn't want to turn their weapon or attire into a Memory? The traits of Memories that everyone took for granted were supremely useful. The ability to carry a whole arsenal inside your soul alone was a boon any warrior would kill for. Swords that sharpened themselves, suits of armor that repaired any damage done to them and adjusted themselves to perfectly fit the body of the wearer... there were too many benefits to Memories to count.

By all accounts, they were the culmination of weaving. Well, technically, the Nightmare Spell itself was the culmination of weaving - but for all those who weren't inconceivable deities like the Demon of Fate, Memories were the absolute peak of enchantment.

However, Sunny's heart still skipped a beat, and his eyes glistened with dark excitement.

Ananke's mantle might not have been superior to the powerful Memories he possessed. At a cursory glance, its enchantments were nothing special. Its Rank and Tier were also not that stunning.

But to him, it was a priceless treasure... for a single reason.

It was because its weave was different from every weave he knew, and much simpler than them at that.

Sunny's whole skill as a sorcerer had come from comparing the patterns of different enchantments to each other and trying to deduce the common logic behind them. But all those enchantments followed the principles set by a single creator - the Nightmare Spell.

Now that he had an enchanted mantle that had come from an entirely different school of weaving, his ability to compare and deduce the fundamental principles of sorcery could take a qualitative leap. It was like witnessing an entirely different framework, and gaining a deeper understanding of your own by studying the differences and commonalities between them.

It didn't matter how simple the spellweave of Ananke's mantle was. What mattered was that it could not only teach Sunny the unfamiliar ways of its creator but also help him push his own skill forward... by a lot.

Just when he needed it.

Sunny gripped the smooth fabric in his fists, staring at it intently.

After a while, he said quietly:

"Thank you, Ananke."

With that, he cut out all distractions and concentrated on studying the odd weave.

**********

