Shadow Slave - PART 171
Chapters 1701 to 1710
==============================


                                Chapter 1701 Illusory Castle
--------------------
After they disembarked at the Castle, Effie bid them farewell and went away, giggling as she walked. Sunny and Nephis stared at her back until she disappeared from view, both not in a hurry to say anything.

‘What do I even say after that?’

Sunny sighed and decided not to say anything. Nephis seemed to be of the same mind.

...His thoughts, however, were on fire in the wake of Effie's antics. So, while Sunny kept quiet, his imagination was running wild against his better judgment. He did not know what Nephis was thinking about, but he was definitely thinking about all kinds of things that he probably should not have been thinking about.

He threw a furtive glance at Neph. Was she really calm?

Was he imagining things, or did her cheeks seem a little pink?

'No, that is definitely my mind playing tricks on me!'

There was no way Nephis would be phased by mere words. It was just his wishful thinking... it was all Effie's fault!

That Effie! She really had not changed at all!

He would have thought that being a married woman with a child would curb her wilder tendencies, but alas. Having a loving family only seemed to embolden the vivacious huntress even more, as if having a safe space to retreat to gave her wicked tongue more power.

It's a miracle that Little Ling is such a sweet boy, despite being raised by that miscreant...!

Sunny inhaled slowly.

Nephis lingered for a few moments, then looked at him with a deadpan expression. After a while, she said in her usual impassive tone:

"Don't mind Effie... Saint Athena. She's always like this."

Sunny chased the improper thoughts out of his mind... or at least tried to... and chuckled.

"That's alright. I'm rather accustomed to it... I used to have a close friend who was just like her. In fact, as much as I hate to admit it, I miss it a little."

She smiled faintly.

"I can't quite imagine."

The two of them started walking and left the pier. Instead of passing through the crowded gate of the castle, Nephis led him to a hidden postern, where two Knights bowed deeply before letting them in. The pass through the thick outer wall of Bastion was like a long tunnel with walls built of white stone.

Walking through it, Sunny wondered what could have brought this mighty wall down and left it laying in ruins, like it lay in the hidden realm that was imprisoned in the reflection of the illusory castle.

But then again, that terrible foe had even shattered the moon, so why would Bastion fare any better?

The Castle... was a city in and of itself. It was gargantuan, with somewhere around a million people living between its walls - almost half of them Awakened. There were hundreds of Masters here, as well, and at least a dozen Saints were always present, either guarding the stronghold or visiting from their own Citadels on business.

Sunny felt quite peaceful and comfortable living in the sprawling city on the other side of the lake, but here in the Castle, he couldn't help but feel a little tense.

Soon, they left the tunnel and entered a lively street.

"It's quite amazing, isn't it?"

His voice sounded a little stifled.

Nephis nodded.

"Indeed. Bastion is not called a Great Citadel for no reason."

From their point of view at the lowest and outermost ring of the great stronghold, the place they found themselves on looked no different from a city street - granted, both the wide paved road and the buildings standing opposite the monolithle barrier of the outer wall were made of the same white stone as it.

There were residential buildings, merchant stalls, commercial establishments, and people hurrying on their daily errands. However, all of it - except for people and later additions to the original architecture - seemed a little too grand in scale, as if built for creatures that weren't quite giants, but also not quite humans.

However, really, this street was a natural part of the defensive fortifications. Bastion was a marvel of military engineering, designed to withstand the most terrible slege. There were all kinds of courtyards, keeps, towers, and auxiliary buildings here, placed in a seemingly chaotic manner... but all of them followed a thoroughly purposeful design.

If viewed from above, Bastion resembled an artificial mountain separated into distinct levels, with concentric circles of inner walls protecting each of them and the main thoroughfare piercing each of the walls as it scaled the mountains in a spiral. If one wanted to reach the main keep from either of the outer gates, they would have to circle the mountain many times, passing many lesser gates in the process.

Even things like the direction of the thoroughfare were full of purpose. If someone managed to breach the outer wall, they would have to follow it clockwise, which meant that their sword hand would be to the next wall, while their shield hand would be away from it, letting the defenders rain arrows on the attackers more effectively.

All in all... Sunny did not envy the warriors of Clan Song, who might have to siege this castle one day.

Even he felt that the task was much too daunting

Bastion seemed truly Impregnable.

But, of course, It wasn't. The ruins hidden in the moonlit reflection were proof.

Nephis led him deeper into the ancient castle, making sure that they would be seen by everyone who had time to look. The reactions people were giving them were much more intense than those at the lakeshore settlement - mostly because much more of them recognized who Nephis was.

Sunny could practically feel the veneration and admiration they felt for her. Wherever Changing Star went, people's faces suddenly looked bright and inspired, as if just seeing her gave them strength. Well... it made sense. Nephis had become somewhat of a symbol after the Forgotten Shore, and her fame only grew further in the last four years.

Especially for the people of the Sword Domain, she was a champion of peace and prosperity. A radiant figure who defended them from the horrors of the Nightmare Spell, and whose light illuminated all of humanity.

Princess Nephis... one of the two invincible Sword Sisters of Anvil's Domain.

The nickname Effie had given her in the Dark City was not that outlandish anymore, if at all.

So, Sunny could understand the gazes of adoration directed at Neph.

However…

The more intensely people admired her, the more confusion and simmering hostility his presence by her side caused them.

Who was that dainty stranger walking by Changing Star's side?

Who does he think he is, being so close to our princess?

Suddenly, he felt a little uncomfortable.

'I've... might have underestimated the consequences of playing Neph's secret darling’

He might have underestimated it severely!

As a passerby glared at him with obvious hostility, Sunny made sure that Nephis could not see, and glared back with a cold menace.

You can glower all you want, but are you worthy?

All of you wretches combined are not fit to stand by her side, only I am!

Well, that was what his glare was meant to convey, at least.

**********


                                Chapter 1702 Legendary Encounter
--------------------
Sunny was not unfamiliar with the Castle, since he had to come here every time he wanted to return to the waking world without raising any suspicions. However, he would usually spend quite a lot of time following the main thoroughfare to the main keep, where the Gateway was located.

This time, Nephis led him on a shorter path to the pinnacle of the stronghold, across narrow stairs and hidden posterns that he had not even known existed. There was no need to waste time at each checkpoint, either, so their progress was rather fast.

Who would dare to stop the Transcendent daughter of a Sovereign?

After a while, Sunny asked with a hint of curiosity:

"By the way, Lady Nephis... where, exactly, are we going?"

He knew that they were about to sign a contract, but wasn't sure where the signing would take place. Was he going to make a deal with Clan Valor, or with the Fire Keepers directly? Who else would be involved?

She looked at him with a hint of confusion, then suddenly seemed a little embarrassed.

"Oh... please forgive me. I have forgotten to explain properly

With that, Nephis raised her hand and pointed to one of the tallest towers in Bastion. The tower was not much different to all the others, with one big exception.

There was a graceful flying ship floating in the air near it, moored to the higher floor of the tower with thick cables. A beautiful tree was growing around its main mast.

‘The Chain Breaker...'

Sunny unconsciously looked up, at the beautiful visage of the Ivory Island drifting in the air high above the lake.

"I see."

Nephis lingered for a moment.

"Very few people have ever visited my Citadel, but you don't have to worry. Everyone there is a trusted friend and ally. It is... it is also quite peaceful there. We won't be disturbed."

'Right.'

Sunny was not supposed to have ever been in the Ivory Tower, so he had to act as if the whole experience was new to him.

He put a sufficiently believable expression of wonder on his face, making sure to keep a proper level of decorum, of course.

"I've long heard about the beauty of the Ivory Tower. It is my luck to be able to visit it."

A faint smile appeared on Neph's face,

"I'm sure you'll like it."

They continued on their way, soon reaching a lesser courtyard in front of the tower. There were quite a few people here, although most of them were different from the crowd at the lower levels of the castle.

The closer to the pinnacle of the stronghold one was, the fewer mundane people there were around. At this point, Sunny could not see anyone but Awakened, with plenty of Masters mixed among them.

However, the gazes directed at him were not in any way friendlier.

Well, it was natural. He was an outsider, after all, and people were wary of outsiders.

Just before they entered the tower, a tall man wearing the colors of Clan Valor - a Knight, from the looks of it - approached them and bowed deeply.

"Saint Nephis, if I can have a minute of your time..."

She frowned slightly.

"What is it?"

The Knight hesitated for a moment, then said in a dignified tone:

"There is a slight problem with the supplies you requested. They were delivered on time, but the specifications... I'm afraid you will need to inspect them personally. If everything is in order, I'll give a command to immediately load them on the Chain Breaker.

The matter concerned the inner working of Clan Valor, so he was being vague around Sunny.

Nephis remained silent for a bit, then glanced his way.

Eventually, she said:

"Please wait for me a little, Master Sunless, I have to deal with this issue... my apologies, I'll be back In ten minutes,"

He smiled.

"It's no problem"

He had no doubt that someone would inevitably try to bother him as soon as she left, but it was really of no concern to him. Unless Arvil himself decided to come and stir trouble, Sunny was confident in his ability to send any potential troublemaker on their way without any commotion.

Nephis hesitated for a few moments, then nodded curtly and walked away with the tall Knight.

Sunny was left alone, thinking that it was a good opportunity to compose himself.

Smiling faintly, he walked over to the lakefront ramparts of the lesser courtyard and gazed into the distance. He could see the young city stretching along the shore in the distance, bathed in sunlight and brimming with vitality.

The lake was calm and radiant. It was a beautiful sight.

As Sunny enjoyed the view and the warm breeze, he sighed.

He could sense two shadows approaching him from behind.

‘That was fast.’

Turning around, he saw two men younger than him by a few years walking toward him. One was walking with purposeful strides, while the other was trying to hold him back with a troubled expression.

Both were Masters and wore enchanted armor, but neither donned the colors of Clan Valor. So, they must have been noble scions from vassal Legacy Clans.

'Legacies…’

Soon, the two scions reached him.

The one who had been purposeful gave Sunny a glare and said, his voice full of arrogant indignation:

"I am Ascended Tristan of the Aegis Rose clan. This is Ascended Mercy of the Dagonet clan. Who might you be?"

Sunny blinked a couple of times, looking at them in amusement.

‘Wait, it can't be... is this the legendary arrogant young master encounter? It is, isn't it? Gods, the legends are true!'

He reminded himself to remain calm.

'Keep your cool. Be polite. Don't start trouble.’

Sunny smiled politely,

"I am Ascended Sunless. How may I help you, gentlemen?"

Master Tristan frowned.

"Ascended Sunless? Of which clan?"

Sunny remained silent for a moment. Why was everyone so insistent on waving their family name around?

“...Of no clan."

The young man scoffed, while his friend tried to pull him away;

"Tristan, drop it... come on, we are going to be late for practice..."

Master Mercy of the Dagonet clan seemed to have a little bit of brain, at least. But the scion of Aegis Rose clan did not want to listen. Scowling fiercely, he moved a step closer to Sunny and asked, his voice harsh and domineering:

"Master Sunless of no clan seems to have some business with Lady Changing Star. But that doesn't give you the right to... to... don't think I didn't notice you ogling her with lewd eyes, scoundrel!"

‘...What eyes? Huh?’

The second Legacy gave Sunny an apologetic glance and tried to pull his friend away harder. He seemed exasperated, hinting that Master Tristan had a habit of saying rash things.

Sunny took a deep,

'Be polite, Don't start trouble, Be polite…’

He calmed himself down, then opened his mouth and said:

"Why does a moron like you have the confidence to open his mouth and spout nonsense? If you were born brainless, at least have the decency to keep quiet. Better yet, get lost altogether. Don't think I didn't notice you being dropped on your head as a child, you cretin…”

**********


                                Chapter 1703 Courting Death
--------------------
Sunny's words hung in the air, contrasted starkly against his polite smile. The two young Masters seemed frozen, as if unable to digest what they had just heard.

Mercy of Clan Dagonet let out a stifled breath.

At the same time, Ascended Tristan's eyes widened.

His face, frozen in a state of stunned disbelief, was slowly contorted by a grimace of righteous wrath.

Trembling in outrage, he bellowed:

"You dare?!"

Sunny couldn't quite believe it. He held his breath, his heart beating wildly.

'Is... is he going to say it? He's going to say it! He totally is!'

His smile remained perfectly pleasant.

"I do dare. Why, wasn't that obvious from my remark? Or has your Flaw made you deaf? Goodness gracious... dumb and deaf. What an unfortunate fate. You have my sympathy."

The young Master stared at him, mouth agape. After a few moments of silence, Tristan pointed a trembling finger at Sunny and hissed:

"You are courting death, mongrel!"

'He said it!'

He had really said it. That was... Sunny had no words. It was really too astonishing.

He struggled to suppress a burst of laughter.

'Amazing. But also, what is it with Legacy brats and calling people mongrels?’

Sunny kept his composure with titanic effort, and shrugged.

"Funny you should say, but I am indeed somewhat of a mongrel."

His smile widened, which seemed to send the young Master into a spiral.

With his face turning a concerning shade of red, Ascended Tristan outstretched a hand and growled:

"You've gone too far, scoundrel... you need to be taught a lesson. I, Tristan of Aegis Rose, hereby challenge you to a duel!"

Sunny blinked.

"Huh?"

No, he was just speaking metaphorically when he suggested that the fool had been dropped on his head. But now, it seemed like maybe there was some truth to the statement?

By now, their spat had attracted a lot of attention. The people in the courtyard were all gazing at them with strange expressions. Master Mercy had abandoned his attempts to drag the second Legacy away and was now looking around helplessly.

'A duel, huh…’

Sunny erased the smile from his face and said in a solemn tone:

"I refuse."

Tristan grinned.

"Great! Then summon your... huh? What? You refuse?"

Sunny nodded.

"Yes. I refuse. What, are you really deaf?"

The young Master seemed flustered. He stared at him in confusion for a few moments, then asked in a trembling voice:

"How can you refuse? That's cowardly! D-don't you have any honor?"

Amused, Sunny simply shook his head.

"That's right, I am a coward, and I don't have any honor. In fact, I wouldn't be caught dead having honor. Such a distasteful thing."

After being accosted by an arrogant young master and asked if he was courting death, all Sunny had to do to experience the entire triumvirate of clichés was to slap Ascended Tristan across the face. However, he had no intention of doing that...

Who knew, perhaps the poor fool was really suffering from a character Flaw. His behavior was too outrageously hot-blooded to be explained by simple foolhardiness. Plus, it wouldn't be a good look for Sunny to go around beating children - not to mention that his meticulously cultivated harmless persona was not supposed to be able to win a duel with a Legacy Ascended.

No matter how much he wanted to teach the loud brat a memorable lesson.

Ascended Tristan huffed and pussed, staring at him with angry eyes. Then, a mocking smile suddenly twisted his lips.

"Don't be too afraid, coward, I won't kill you! We'll just duel to first blood. I... I refuse your refusal! Summon your weapon and face me!"

Sunny stared at him incredulously for a bit.

'Ah, to hell with it…’

He sighed.

"To first blood? Fine... I accept."

His smile turned a little sheepish.

"But, uh... I don't have a Memory weapon. So I can't summon any."

Hearing these words, young Master Tristan paled:

"You... you don't even have a single Memory weapon? And you call yourself an Ascended?"

Sunny scratched the back of his head, his face full of embarrassment.

"I do call myself an Ascended... but not all Ascended are like you, scions of storied Legacy Clans. Personally, I manage a small café and a shop... the last time I was in a battle, I had to run away and barely escaped with my life..."

It had been a battle against a Cursed Tyrant, but they didn't have to know that.

Master Mercy seemed relieved. He let out a long sigh and said tentatively:

"Then, let us just drop this matter. Tristan, he is clearly not a..."

But his friend shook his head furiously, summoning a Memory.

"No, I simply can't let this matter rest! I demand satisfaction!"

Soon, a heavy greatsword manifested itself from sparks of light. He scoffed contemptuously and shoved the sword into Sunny's hands.

"Here. This sword is called the Heart Breaker, and it is a family heirloom of my clan! I'll lend it to you for today. It is your privilege to be able to hold it, knave!"

With that, he shook his head and mumbled under his breath:

"This, really... I just don't understand why Lady Nephis would associate with such a profligate wastrel... he must have deceived her with his looks, the scoundrel....

Sunny held the greatsword awkwardly and rested its tip on the ground. No, really, what was this situation? Why was the person who had challenged him to a duel supplying him with a powerful weapon to fight that duel? Was Master Tristan actually brainless?

At the same time, the young man in question summoned another Memory, this one a much lighter arming sword. From the looks of it, he was giving his opponent an advantage - a better weapon with a longer reach.

He also dismissed the outer layers of his armor, leaving only a gambeson jacket behind.

"Here! I won't use any enchantments, so you won't be at a disadvantage! Are you ready?"

Sunny remained silent for a moment, then shrugged timidly.

"I guess I am?"

Young Master Tristan grinned.

"Then, here I come! Prepare to be humbled, wimp!"

He brandished his sword and lunged forward.

Under the dubious gazes of everyone gathered in the courtyard, the duel started.

**********


                                Chapter 1704 A Slap Heard Around the World
--------------------
It seemed like the diminutive Master Sunless, an unknown Ascended from the lakeshore settlement, had no chance against the young master of the Aegis Rose clan. Not only was Tristan much taller and more powerfully built, but he was also a Legacy...

And Legacies still held the title of the most skilled and deadly warriors of humanity, by far, even now that the number of Awakened had swelled. Their upbringing, training, and martial culture were all designed to produce lethal fighters to rule the battlefield unopposed.

The idle onlookers did not know what the pretty young man had done to enrage the Legacy scion so much, but from the looks of it, he was in for a good beating... which was a shame, considering that with his jade skin and slender figure, he looked quite handsome.

Sadly, though, he didn't look like much of a fighter.

Neither did Master Sunless seem very familiar with handling a blade. He tried to swing the provided greatsword to deflect an incoming attack, but failed.

Not, not just that...

Perhaps due to his short stature and slender build, he actually lost control of the heavy blade and allowed its weight to pull him off balance, Instead of deflecting the opponent's sword, he yelped and stumbled forward instead.

That was a common mistake most often seen among Awakened. Young Awakened were prone to overestimating their newfound strength, forgetting that their mass and center of gravity remained the same. So, it was easy for them to misjudge things and end up being pulled forward by the inertia of their own swing.

Still. For a Master to be that inexperienced in combat was a bit...

The delicate Ascended seemed to be doomed.

But, strangely enough, he ended up being saved by his clumsy mistake. It was doubtful that he could have deflected Tristan's powerful strike, but after stumbling forward and nearly sprawling on the ground, the opponent's sword missed and flew harmlessly above his head.

There was a murmur among the onlookers...

"Lucky."

But then, they were treated to a bizarre spectacle.

That Master Sunless was not just lucky... it was as if he was charmed!

No matter what Tristan of Aegis Rose tried to do, his sword never seemed able to reach the cowardly opponent. Master Sunless slipped on the cobblestones, accidentally evading a skillful attack. While trying to stand up, he tripped on the hem of his own silk robe, losing balance and gracelessly sprawling on the ground... but also making Tristan's follow-up strike miss him entirely.

While trying to block a downward slash, he actually failed to hold on to his sword and dropped it, staggering back in panic. However, in the process, the coward accidentally kicked the falling sword and sent it flying in the direction of the Legacy scion, who was forced to hastily defend his lower torso and retreat.

Then, Master Sunless recklessly bent down to pick up the fallen sword a grievous mistake when facing an armed opponent! However, it was exactly because no one in their right mind would think of leaving themselves so open to a lethal blow that Tristan had never anticipated it, once again fruitlessly sliced the empty air above the oblivious opponent's head.

"What are you doing?! Fight like a man!"

A sheepish smile appeared on the unknown Master's deathly pale face.

"But I... I was trying to pick up my sword! How am I supposed to fight without a sword?"

Ascended Tristan let out an infuriated growl.

"Just take it, damn! I'll step back!"

Under everyone's bewildered gazes, he took a step back and waited patiently for his opponent to arm himself.

But Master Sunless did not seem to be in a hurry. breathing heavily.

Tristan's face twitched.

"What are you doing?!”

The delicate young man coughed.

"Well... you didn't specify that I should pick it up immediately, did you? So I thought I'd catch my breath real quick."

The Legacy scion seemed stuck between complete disbelief and apoplectic fury.

"Pick it up right this second!"

Master Sunless bent down and gripped the sword.

"Alright, alright... there's no need to shout..."

Soon, the oddly comical duel continued.

He continued stumbling blindly through the hurricane of steel, remaining unscathed by sheer, ridiculous luck.

But even that helpless fool's luck was bound to run out sooner or later. And finally, in less than a minute, Tristan's sword pierced the silk robe and bit into the delicate young man's shoulder.

He had held back, not wishing to deliver a serious wound to the offending profligate, so the cut was shallow.

Still, a cut was a cut.

...It also hurt like a real cut. Sunny grimaced.

Young Master Tristan, meanwhile, gave him a disdainful smirk and retrieved his sword. The two of them were standing close to each other, and the Legacy was staring down at Sunny, his face full of pleased indignation.

"Serves you right, scoundrel. The victory is mine. Now... apologize! Recount your misdeeds and humbly beg forgiveness! I'll let you off easy if you do... but if you don't, don't blame me for being ruthless!"

But Sunny simply tilted his head.

...Who says that the victory is yours?"

Tristan blinked.

"What? I clearly just won. What are you..."

But Sunny was nonplussed. He raised the collar of the Nebulous Mantle, revealing the black shirt beneath.

"We agreed to fight to first blood. Do you see any blood?"

The young Master stared at his chest in confusion.

There was clearly a cut in the little knave's shirt... but where was the blood?

Even the blade of his sword was clean.

He frowned and started to speak, his tone full of confusion:

"How..."

But before he could finish...

And to the absolute shock of everyone watching...

The next moment, Sunny's fist slammed into his face with an audible bang, sending young Tristan of Aegis Rose staggering back.

The Legacy scion collided with his friend, Master Mercy, while covering his face with a hand. His stunned eyes were opened wide.

There was blood dripping between his fingers beneath them.

Suddenly, the courtyard was silent.

In that silence, Ascended Tristan slowly lowered his hand, revealing two red streams flowing out of his nostrils and marring his handsome face.

His voice was listless:

"You... you..."

Sunny dropped the heavy greatsword on the ground with visible relief, rubbed his wrists, and let out a sigh.

Then, he smiled.

"Well, it seems like I have won. Good fight, good fight. Now, shall we proceed with begging for forgiveness? You don't need to kneel... I'm not a pervert, so I'm not into such stuff..."

At that moment, young Master Tristan looked like he would spit blood. That, too, would have constituted Sunny's victory... if the Legacy wasn't already bleeding...

Then, Tristan's features contorted, and he seemed to completely lose his mind.

With a face flush with murderous wrath, the Legacy lunged forward and roared:

"You wretched mongrel!"

Sunny pretended to be frightened and flinched away with an ungentlemanly shriek.

Coincidentally - or rather, quite purposefully - the sun was directly behind him.

Which meant that his shadow was sprawled on the cobblestones directly in front of him.

Right where Ascended Tristan's foot had just landed.

Using a tiny bit of essence, Sunny stealthily manifested a small part of the wild shadow and made it trip the poor fool without anything noticing.

That was more than enough to send the enraged young Master, who had committed to the attack a little bit too hard, completely off balance.

It all worked splendidly.

...In fact, it worked a little bit too well.

'Oh. Crap.'

Sunny had forgotten to take one small, but vitally important detail into account.

In the next moment, everyone in the courtyard witnessed a startling scene.

Ascended Tristan of the Aegis Rose clan lunged at the dainty Master, who let out an embarrassing shriek and flinched away in fear. By doing so, he not only completely avoided the sudden attack, but also caused the Legacy to lose balance and be pulled forward by the weight of his sword.

And there, right behind his cowardly opponent...

Was the parapet of the courtyard ramparts.

The young Legacy had no time to slow down and collided with it at full speed, buckling at the waist and flying over the stone parapet in the blink of an eye.

A split second later, his figure disappeared from view.

A dumbfounded silence settled over the courtyard.

...In a few moments, everyone shuddered as they heard a loud crash from somewhere far below.

Master Sunless looked back with a strange expression on his face, then cleared his throat and gracefully straightened his mantle with an elegant motion.

Then, he turned to Mercy of Clan Dagonet and said, his voice full of sincere concern:

"Sir Mercy... why are dawdling? Shouldn't you hurry up and tend to your friend? Such a fall won't kill him... I think... but he'll certainly need a good healer."

The petrified young man slowly nodded.

"Ah... y-yes... I'll go..."

With that, he turned around and hurried away. But at that moment, Master Sunless called out to him:

"Wait a moment!"

Ascended Mercy froze and slowly turned around.

"...Yes?"

Sunny smiled and pointed to the heavy greatsword laying on the ground.

"The sword... what was it, the Hard Breaker? Take the sword with you!"

The young Master stared at the greatsword for a moment, then bent down to pick it up.

"Yes..."

He mumbled an apology and dashed away.

Sunny grinned.

"Make sure that Ascended Tristan takes his time to rest and recuperate! There's no need to rush!"

He sighed and then added, his voice full of magnanimity:

"He can beg me for forgiveness at a later date!”

**********


                                Chapter 1705 Familiar.
--------------------
When Nephis returned, the courtyard seemed a little liveller than it had been before. A few people had strange expressions on their faces, and a few more seemed to be glancing at Master Sunless from time to time, their gazes full of contempt and amusement.

The charming enchanter himself was standing near the parapet of the ramparts, not paying the pointed gazes any attention. He was looking down calmly, a small smile playing on his lips.

Nephis frowned slightly.

«Has anyone bothered him?»

She had not anticipated that leaving Master Sunless alone for a few minutes would be a problem. It was only an hour or two after they had shown themselves together in public, after all… no matter what kind of rumors people wanted to spread, such things took time.

Nephis definitely did not want anything remotely unpleasant to happen to the delicate young man, so she had to be more watchful in the future.

Approaching Master Sunless, she said in her usual even tone:

«I am back. Did something happen?»

He turned and looked at her with a smile, then lowered his gaze awkwardly,

«Ah… well.., nothing too serious. There were a couple young men who wanted to have words with me. I'm afraid I failed to resolve the issue amicably. Oh, well… some people simply don't have manners. I'm rather used to such situations.»

Nephis frown deepened.

Sunny, of course, was talking about himself — it was Sunny who didn't bother with basic manners unless he wanted to, and was therefore used to facing the violent consequences of running his venomous mouth.

But Nephis understood it differently.

[Cassie?]

Who were these young men, and how dare they be rude to Master Sunless?

Cassie responded a moment later, her voice deceptively smooth:

[…Tristan of Aegis Rose challenged Master Sunless to a duel.]

Nephis almost jumped. Of course, her calm expression remained the same… but her mind was suddenly awash with scorching flames.

[And you didn't warn me?! I explicitly asked you to keep an eye on him in my absence!]

Imagining the headstrong and domineering scion of the Aegis Rose clan bullying the elegant and gentle Master Sunless made her blood boil… for some reason. Feeling a degree of anger would have been both expected and reasonable, but even Nephis herself was surprised by the intensity of her reaction.

The image was simply… simply too offensive. Perhaps it was because she had just promised herself to protect the charming young man? Now, mere hours later, it had already come to this.

Nephis was on the verge of blushing again — this time, out of shame.

A sudden thought surfaced in her mind.

«…Should I destroy the Aegis Rose clan?»

She blinked.

«No, wait, what am I thinking about?»

Luckily, at that moment, Cassie responded to her heated question:

[Neph, relax. What is with you today? Master Sunless is not entirely helpless, and Tristan of Aegis Rose is not entirely brainless. It's just that his Flaw is… well, you know how he is. In any case, he is not a malicious person, just a hot-blooded fool. The worst that could have happened was one of them receiving a scrape…]

Nephis frowned.

[Wait, could have happened? Not could happen? The duel already took place?!]

Cassie coughed.

[About that… maybe don't mention anything to Master Sunless. It might be embarrassing for him… even though he technically didn't lose…]

Nephis studied the charming young man silently. Almost immediately, she noticed a thin vertical tear in his robe, where none had been before.

«I… I should offer to heal him…»

She imagined laying hands on his chest and infusing it with her flames. But how could she offer to heal him without hurting his pride? Cassie said not to mention the duel…

Nephis lingered for a few moments, and then reluctantly decided not to say anything. If Master Sunless wanted to keep what had happened to him a secret, she had to respect his wishes.

He was already on the losing side of their relationship… which was to say, employer and employee relationship!… so she had to be mindful of his pride.

The Aegis Rose clan, however…

Nephis usually stayed away from the internal politics of the Sword Domain, but if she wanted to exert influence, there was plenty of influence to go exert. Young Master Tristan was about to experience some hardship in his life… not enough to kill him, but plenty enough to teach him a few lessons on how to manage his Flaw better.

That will also clearly show the other clans that I favor Master Sunless, and that touching the person I favor… pretending to favor, I mean… will not go unpunished.

Which could further the deception and at the same time protect the charming enchanter going forward, thus killing two birds with one stone.

Nephis took a deep breath, still feeling guilty.

Then, she contained her emotions, nodded lightly, and said:

«Then, please, follow me. There won't be any other delays.»

Master Sunless smiled and gallantly gestured forward.

«After you, my lady.»

As they ascended the steps of the tall tower, Nephis remained silent and thought back to what Cassie had said.

«…What is it with me today, indeed?»

Many people thought that Nephis was a cold and emotionless person, but they were all wrong. Her emotions, in fact, often burned with a frightening intensity… it was just that she rarely showed them, if at all.

Still, looking back, she felt like she had been too flustered in the last few hours — and even before that. Being in the company of the charming enchanter had a strange kind of effect on her…

Granted, anyone would have been flustered after what Effie had done! Just thinking about it… no, no, no. Nephis refused to think about it!

But it was an undeniable fact that she couldn't help but act unlike her usual self around Master Sunless, Usually, she would have been much more guarded around a stranger… but there was just something about the delicate young man that made her lower her guard.

It was like an odd sense of familiarity that had no reason to exist, but was deeply compelling… as if he reminded her of something, or someone, that she had been longing for without even knowing.

«How strange.»

The feeling was indeed strange… but not unwelcome. It tasted a little sweet, and a little bitter. But mostly, it was just there.

Nephis sighed.

«My behavior thus far has been nothing short of embarrassing. Considering that the two of us will be spending a lot of time together, I really need to maintain composure, and treat Master Sunless with the degree of respect he deserves.»

She glanced at him, her gaze once again lingering on his exquisite features and glistening onyx eyes for a moment too long.

Suddenly, Nephis felt that maintaining composure… would be a bit hard.

**********


                                Chapter 1706 Memory Purveyor.
--------------------
Following Nephis, Sunny ascended the tall tower and found himself on a spacious balcony that served as a pier for the Chain Breaker. Neither of them had spoken about the duel, and it suited him Just fine.

In any case, he had to admit that his actions had been a little naughty. He could have defused the situation by groveling a little, but chosen to antagonize the pompous Legacy instead for no good reason. Explaining the sequence of events to Nephis would have been a bit embarrassing, and SO…

Sunny went ahead and shamelessly pushed that responsibility onto Cassie.

Some would call such a move unbecoming, but he preferred to call it… delegation!

The Chain Breaker was floating in the air a few meters away, with a wide wooden plank affixed between its deck and the stone balcony. Several Fire Keepers seemed to have just finished loading a bunch of wooden crates into the cargo hold of the graceful vessel, and were now resting beneath the branches of the sacred tree.

Noticing Nephis, all of them stood up.

Then, their gazes fell on Sunny.

The Fire Keepers — especially the two women — had a bit of a strange reaction to his appearance.

«What's wrong with these people…»

Considering how devoted the Fire Keepers were to Nephis, he would have expected a more intense version of the Jealous hostility the denizens of the Castle had met him with.

However, they seemed more stunned than unfriendly.

«M-master Sunless? Why are you here?»

He forced out a polite smile.

«Good day. Oh… I am here to sign a contract. I think we'll be working together often in the future., so please take care of me.»

The Fire Keepers slowly turned to Nephis.

Then, the two women suddenly broke into wide smiles.

«Lady Nephis… thank you!»

«Nice!»

He stared at them in confusion.

«Why are they giving her thumbs up?»

The Fire Keepers frequented the Brilliant Emporium due to their friendship with Aiko. Perhaps they really liked his cooking and assumed that he would be employed as a chef?

Was the food situation on the Ivory Island that bad?

Nephis coughed.

«Ah… yes, I've invited Master Sunless to the Tower, Please get ready to ascend.»

They joined the Fire Keepers on the deck. The wooden plank was swiftly removed, the mooring cables untled, and no more than a minute later, the flying ship slowly moved.

The leaves of the sacred tree rustled as the Chain Breaker started to climb into the sky, Sunny looked up and studied it for a while, his gaze lingering on the golden fruits.

«What would happen if I fed these fruits to Rain?»

Currently, Rain was preparing to hunt an Awakened Demon in order to absorb some of its essence and push her own toward Awakening. Such was the path most of the ancient people had followed, forging their fates in the crucible of combat. The fruits of the sacred tree contained essence, as well, so its existence was much more precious than the carriers of the Spell could ever imagine.

Granted, it was a rhetorical question. If Sunny simply wanted Rain to Awaken, he would have showered her with soul shards and been done with it. But what he wanted was to make her strong enough to survive on her own, if need be… and so, cutting corners would do her more harm than good.

It was the same reason why the Legacy Clans kept sending their children to face the winter solstice instead of safely bringing them to the Dream Realm in advance, by gaining access to a Sovereign's Gate, Sunny often clashed with Legacies, but he had to admit that they did a lot of things right.

«Ah. If only all the young Legacies were like Awakened Telle instead of Awakened Tristan…»

He hesitated for a moment, then looked at Nephis.

The two of them were alone at the bow of the Chain Breaker, gazing at the breathtaking view of the castle, the lake, and the city sprawling along its shore. The atmosphere was quite romantic, but sadly, there was no time to have a proper conversation.

The Ivory Island was drifting in the sky above the lake, just shy of casting its shadow on the ancient walls of Bastion. It would only take the flying ship a few minutes to reach it.

And, indeed, the Chain Breaker landed softly on the waters of the smaller lake glistening among the emerald grass of the island before Sunny could think of anything to say.

«Please, come this way.»

Nephis led him toward the Ivory Tower, but she didn't seem to be in a hurry. On the way, they toured most of the island, with her showing him around and explaining how the Citadel was organized.

It was just as beautiful and tranquil as Sunny had remembered. There had been a few changes in the past four years, with the island looking much better cared for and settled, However, the essence of the place remained the same.

The emerald grass, the clear lake, the grove of ancient trees, the sun-bleached bones of the mighty dragon… and the great pagoda of pristine white stone towering above it all like a heavenly palace.

Sunny had last visited the Ivory Island almost Immediately after killing the Winter Beast. Back then, he had been skulking in the shadows and in a hurry to leave, unwilling for anyone to notice his presence.

It was much nicer to stroll across the verdant grass in the open, and in Neph's company on top of that.

A smile found its way onto his face — this one genuine, not forced.

Eventually, they found their way into the tower and ascended its steps, reaching Cassie's chambers on one of the higher floors. The blind seer occupied several rooms, one of them serving as her bedroom, one as her office, and one as a parlor to receive guests and hold meetings.

The two of them entered the office.

The chamber was bathed in sunlight, with tasteful wooden furniture placed sparsely on the stone floor. Cassie herself was sitting behind a desk, her hair a little disheveled. There was a serious expression on her face and solemn focus in her beautiful blue eyes.

However,,, there was a bit of a strange smell in the office.

Sunny frowned in confusion.

«Huh.,, why does it smell like popcorn?»

Not that it mattered.

Throwing the unnecessary thought out of his mind, Sunny bowed courteously and said in a polite tone:

«Saint Cassia.»

Cassie nodded.

«Master Sunless. Please, have a seat.»

Sunny and Nephis sat down in front of her desk, after which the blind seer handed him a stack of papers, with the clause of the contract written on them in neat and pretty cursive.

She must have asked one of the Fire Keepers to serve as her eyes while writing, because otherwise, that tidy handwriting would have been skewed and incomprehensible.

Cassie smiled.

«There is a lot to discuss… but, please. Read and sign the contract first.»

Sunny gave her a long look.

«…It's your lucky day that I know cursive!»

Everyone who received a proper education did, but Sunny had only ever known how to type things before coming to the Academy. He had learned cursive later, after returning from the Forgotten Shore and getting himself a position as a research assistant.

But, of course, no one had any way of knowing that.

Signing deeply, he looked over the contract and signed it. Nephis watched him with intently as he did.

The moment his signature was put on paper, the corner of her mouth seemed to curl upward slightly.

Sunny smiled.

«Well, as long as she's happy.»

«It's a pleasure doing business with you.»

And that… was how Sunny became the Memory Purveyor of the Fire Keepers.

—— —— ——

Unbeknownst to him, though, something else was happening while he was signing the contract.

The news of Sunny's duel with Tristan of Aegis Rose was spreading across Bastion with the speed of a forest fire. Of course, with each retelling, it collected embellishments and turned more and more outrageous.

People were talking about it all over the city.

«Have you heard? Some unknown Master defeated Lord Tristan. In one strike!»

«They say that they were fighting for Changing Star's affection…»

«There were several Valor Knights and dozens of Awakened in the courtyard, but no one even tried to stop the duel…»

«There were dozens of Valor Knights in the courtyard trying to stop him, but he defeated them all before striking Lord Tristan in the face!»

«There were a hundred Valor Knights in the courtyard trying to stop him, but he easily defeated them all. And then beheaded Lord Tristan with one strike!»

«That unknown Master is too scary! Too tyrannical!»

«What a monster!»

If Sunny had heard these whispers, he would have paled.

He would have also probably said something like…

«Oh, no. Oh, no! Not again!»

But he didn't hear anything until the next morning.

…When Aiko stormed into the kitchen of the Brilliant Emporium and tossed a newspaper on the table.

«Boss… what the hell is this?!»

Frowning, Sunny picked up the newspaper and read the title on the first page.

The title read:

«A Duel For a Saint's Heart! Wretched Mongrel, Master S, defeats the Noblest of Knights, Lord T!»

His hand trembled.

**********


                                Chapter 1707: The Fine Nuances of Demon Hunting
--------------------
The stars shone brightly in the cold black sky. Sitting on a wide tree branch, Rain studied them silently, surrounded by darkness.

'It's strange.’

Some of the stars looked familiar, but she couldn't recognize any constellations. The alien sky of the Dream Realm was different from that of Earth, but worse than that, it was both fickle and unreliable. The stars shining upon the Song Domain were different from those illuminating the Sword Domain, and even various regions of the two kingdoms did not share the same heaven.

Some places did not even have a sun, while others were bathed in the light of many moons.

Astronomers were probably going crazy...

"Why are you still awake? Sleep. You'll need all your strength tomorrow."

Her teacher's voice resounded softly from the darkness, making Rain sigh.

He was right. She had climbed the enormous tree and tied herself to the branch in order to rest, but now that there was nothing else left to do...

"I can't sleep."

Sleep was escaping her.

Her teacher chuckled.

"Nervous?”

Rain remained silent for a while. Was she nervous? She couldn't tell.

They had spent a lot of time preparing for this hunt. From searching for suitable prey and learning all that could be learned about it to coming up with plans and contingencies, studying the terrain, and preparing all the necessary equipment. The process was only different from all the previous hunts because it had been so extensive.

She was supposed to kill an Awakened Demon this time, after all.

So, Rain did feel a little nervous... frightened, even. But at the same time, she was a little excited. Not only because successfully slaying the demon would finally allow her to grasp the key of Awakening, which she had been trying to do for many years, but also because of the challenge itself.

She always felt a pleasant rush of adrenaline when facing appaling abominations in battle. To be strong, to be able to protect herself and other people - that was what she wanted, and why she had accepted the ominous shadow's offer to be her teacher.

Rain smiled.

"What is there to be nervous about? It's just an Awakened Demon."

Her teacher laughed in the darkness.

"Fair enough."

There was a bit of silence, and then Rain asked against her better Judgment:

"Teacher, what was the first Awakened Demon you fought like?"

The darkness spoke in a tone of nostalgia:

"Oh, that guy? Ah... as tall as a house, covered in a carapace of impregnable steel armor, with claws strong enough to crush diamonds and a pair of razor-sharp scythes in place of hands. A really charming fellow."

Rain raised an eyebrow. Was such a creature really worth feeling nostalgic about?

"So, how did you kill it?"

Her teacher laughed.

"Let's see... that was before my Awakening, when I was not much stronger than you. So I summoned a Corrupted Devil and pitted them against each other. At least I think it was a Corrupted Devil truth be told, I still have no idea what that thing was, even all these years later. It sure was unforgettably creepy, though."

He paused for a moment, and then added with a sigh:

"And then I acted as bait while my partner finished the wounded demon off."

Rain opened her eyes wide, stunned. She wasn't even sure what shocked her more the fact that her teacher had apparently been able to summon Corrupted Devils before Awakening, or that he used to have a partner.

Who would partner up with that insufferable bastard? Were they crazy?

She hesitated for a moment, then asked curiously:

"Where's your partner now, teacher?"

The darkness remained silent for a while, this time.

Then, he said in a carefree tone:

"Well, I imagine she's in a beautiful heavenly palace, looking down upon us mortals."

His tone was carefree, but for the first time, Rain could feel a hint of a strange emotion in it.

What did he mean?

If her teacher was a dark deity, then could his partner be a celestial deity? No - gods were dead, as were all the lesser divinities. Only Nightmare Creatures remained.

So, then... was his partner dead? Was that what he meant?

Right, it made sense. Her teacher had once admitted to being thousands of years old, so anyone who had fought by his side before his Awakening would have been dead for a very, very long time.

Rain sighed, suddenly feeling pity for her poor teacher. Wishing to distract him from unpleasant memories, she asked:

"But how did you manage to summon a Terror to fight that demon?”

He chuckled.

"By setting the demon's boss on fire. Now, enough talking. Go to sleep."

"The... the demon's boss? Do demons have bosses?”

Full of confusion, Rain let out a long sigh and closed her eyes.

The tree branch was swaying slightly under her, which was... a bit calming.

Just before she slipped into the embrace of sleep, a sudden thought surfaced in her drowsy mind.

‘Wait... if he killed that demon with a partner... then why the hell is he making me hunt this demon alone?!'

Her anxious dreams were cold and restless.

***

In the morning, Rain untied the rope fastening her to the branch and carefully climbed down. Soon enough, she reached the ground, standing on the outskirts of a vast forest of dead trees.

Ravenheart was so far away that the mountain chain was merely a dark line on the horizon. There was no ash around, and although the frozen ground was covered in frost, there was no snow either.

This was the place where the Awakened Demon she was intedning to kill dwelled.

Humanity had conquered a vast area in the Dream Realm, but that did not mean that the two Domains were entirely safe. In fact, safety was a fleeting illusion here - apart from the Citadels and their immediate vicinity, the wilds were still ruled by the Nightmare Creatures. Humans had only really started to encroach on their reign after the advent of the Dream Gates four years ago, building roads and expanding their settlements.

In that regard, the current era was very much like the dawn of the legendary Age of Heroes, when mortal champions battled against countless abominations to help the nascent human civilization survive and spread.

Of course, modern humans had no gods to guide them. They only had Queen Song, the King of Swords... and the Nightmare Spell.

...Well, in Rain's case, she also had an oddball of a shadow showing her the way.

While she was checking her weapons in the dim twilight of the early dawn, her teacher asked calmly:

"What makes demons so dangerous? Their strength? Their speed? Their resilience?"

Rain shook her head.

"No. It's their intelligence. Beasts and monsters might be stronger, faster, and much more resilient than me, but they are also not too bright. A demon, however, is as intelligent as me... it might even outsmart me, if I'm not careful."

Her teacher emerged from her shadow and nodded.

"So, how do you kill a demon?”

She counted her arrows while answering:

"By being more prepared. By controlling the battlefield, knowing the terrain, and learning about the enemy in advance. By taking initiative and not making any mistakes. By having a clear mind and deadly resolve."

He smiled.

"No one is perfect. Mistakes happen whether you want to or not... so what are you going to do if you do make a mistake?"

Rain stared at him for a moment, then returned the smile defiantly.

"Curse you bitterly while I die?"

Her teacher laughed.

"Go on and try dying. See what happens..."

She stared at him for a bit, then shook her head.

"Fine, Since teacher insists, I won't die."

He nodded with a smile.

"Good. Now go and kill that demon.”

**********


                                Chapter 1708: The Huntsman.
--------------------
Rain had taken off her winter coat, her light armor, and even her military jacket, leaving only the henley and the wool vest on. No amount of armor was going to protect her from the Awakened Demon, so she wanted her movements to be as agile and unobstructed as possible. It seemed a little poetic, as if she was proclaiming that there would be no retreat, only victory… or death.

It was also a bit funny. Awakened warriors were often shown preparing mentally for battle while donning their armor, but she was doing the same while taking it off. Such was the pitiful life of a mundane hunter.

The preparations had long been complete, the traps were laid. All Rain had to do was venture into the depths of the forest and face the demon.

Taking a deep breath, she went through a series of stretching exercises. She had always been nimble, but after years of training under the sinister shadow, her flexible body was like that of a snake… no, a gymnast. A very graceful, limber gymnast! That was a much better mental image.

Still, she had to be careful when going all out. Her mundane flesh was lagging behind her skill and training, so it was easy to damage.

«What are you, a ballerina?»

Rain glared at her teacher silently.

«Didn't you once tell me that you're the best dancer in the world… two worlds, even? So who's the ballerina?»

He coughed.

«Well, uh… if your teacher said it, then it's true! There was this one time I danced with a princess at a ball, and immediately after, she dragged me into a private room. No, wait… or was it me who dragged her into a private room? In any case, the two of us ended up in a private room!»

Her teacher smiled wistfully.

«And let me tell you, what happened in that room… ah, it was nothing short of life-changing…»

Rain stared at him for a moment, then pretended to be sick.

«Old pervert…»

He was offended.

«Who are you calling old?! No, wait, who are you calling a pervert?!»

She did not deign to answer, shaking her head silently. At the same time, though… Rain noticed that her previous nervousness was almost entirely gone. She felt calm and ready, as if her teacher's familiar nonsense could magically make any situation, no matter how dire, seem mundane and ordinary as well.

Rain took a deep breath and checked her weapons one last time.

She had already stringed her bow, Her quiver was full of arrows — she had made the arrows herself, tashioning the arrowheads from the bones of Awakened abominations. Her Javelin was ready to be used, while her dagger was freshly sharpened.

Finally, there was her sword. She drew the tachi from the scabbard and studied its blade.

At that moment, her teacher suddenly spoke:

«Wait a moment. For this hunt… I'll lend you something better.»

He walked closer, and then bent down, reaching for the shadow of her sword.

In the next moment, something strange happened. Her teacher's hand seemed to reach into the ground and pull the shadow off it. Suddenly, her tachi didn't have a shadow anymore… however, there was an identical tachi in his hand, only made entirely of lusterless black steel.

Rain looked at it, suddenly feeling a cold chill run down her spine.

The black tachi… seemed sharp enough to cut the world in half, like a blade made of pure killing intent. It was as if she was looking at death itself.

And that eerie sword was tossed at her carelessly a moment later.

«Ah!»

Rain scrambled to catch it and grasped the black hilt, It was strange… despite the overwhelming feeling of cold and dark power the black sword emanated, it felt exactly like her own in the hand. The weight, the balance, even the tactile feeling of the leather ito.

She looked at her teacher silently.

It was easy to forget because of how easygoing and immature he was… but her teacher was immensely powerful. Actually, she didn't even know how powerful he was, exactly. It was only in moments like this one that Rain was reminded of the fact.

Pulling out a sword worthy of being wielded by a Saint out of nowhere? No matter how shocking, that was exactly the kind of thing her teacher would do.

She carefully sheathed the black tachi, making sure that it didn't slice the scabbard apart.

«This sword seems too powerful to be wielded by a mundane human. You didn't forget that I can't control my essence, did you?»

Her teacher shrugged.

«That's alright. It's infused with mine.»

Rain nodded, then collected the things she was going to leave behind and placed them in a nook between the roots of the old tree, to be retreated later. Her original sword went atop the neat pile.

She stood up, looked into the depth of the forest, and started walking.

As she did, her teacher spoke:

«That sword should be able to cut the flesh of an Awakened Demon even in your hands, Still, don't rely on it too much, Remember… the sword is just a tool, You are the weapon, You are the one who has to kill the enemy, not your sword.»

Rain nodded calmly.

«I remember.»

She cleared her mind of all distractions, focusing solely on the hunt.

The demon she was going to kill… was called the Huntsman, quite Ironically. That was what the people in Ravenheart called him, but actually, the creature's proper name was Chalice Knight.

The reason why Rain and her teacher had chosen hìm was precisely because there was a lot of information to be learned about the Chalice Knights. These abominations were not independent Nightmare Creatures, after all rather, they had been mid-rank minions of a Fallen Titan.

The Titan's territory used to be about a hundred kilometers away from this forest. Coincidentally, it lay between Ravenheart and one of the other large cities of the Song Domain, preventing the construction of a convenient road. A year or so ago, Song Seishan had battled the Titan and destroyed it, obliterating most of its minions in the process and scattering the rest.

Rain remembered that event well because there had been a series of missions issued by the town hall in the aftermath of the battle, all having to do with hunting down the remnant abominations. She wasn't quite strong enough to challenge them, but many Awakened cohorts were. So, the surviving minions of the slain Titan had been swiftly eradicated.

All except for one Chalice Knight who had found his way into this forest. Despite the fact that the abomination had lost its monstrous steed, thus becoming much weaker, he still managed to decimate several cohorts that ventured into the forest to kill him.

Perhaps there was something special about this particular demon, or perhaps the Awakened warriors had come unprepared. In any case, they were forced to retreat, and the oddly fearsome Chalice Knight earned a foreboding nickname, the Huntsman.

Rain did not consider herself to be stronger than the Awakened fighters who had tried to slay the creature in the past. However, she was definitely much more cautious and prepared than they had been.

So, she was going to hunt the Huntsman.

Once she did, her essence would Awaken, and she would be able to start forming a soul core.

And once her soul core was formed… then, finally, she would be stronger.

**********


                                Chapter 1709: Hunter's Prey
--------------------
The Huntsman was so dangerous because he ruled the forest like a stealthy predator. He moved unseen and attacked from the mist and darkness, picking off his victims one by one. He also seemed to know the value of intimidation and mental pressure, displaying the mutilated corpses of his victims on the branches of the ancient trees for everyone to see.

Or maybe skinning corpses simply spoke to the abomination's aesthetic sensibility. In any case, his human enemies often faced him already shaken and rattled, which was a deadly poison for anyone going into battle.

Rain knew that he was approaching the creature's lair because she saw a human skeleton hanging in the trees, its bones cluttering against each other in the wind. Her expression darkened.

However, she wasn't shaken. She wasn't rattled, either. Her mind was much too strong to be poisoned by fear — instead, fear only sharpened it.

'...I'll need to bury them properly after everything is over.'

She shivered — not because of the morbid scene, but simply because she was cold. The battle would warm her up, though, so it was alright.

Every time an Awakened cohort ventured into the forest, the Huntsman was in no hurry to attack. Sensing the threat presented by a group of experienced Awakened warriors, he stalked them silently or retreated into his lair, waiting for the night to come. Then, when impenetrable darkness shrouded the world, his own hunt would begin.

Rain was not a cohort of Awakened warriors, so she was pretty sure that the demon would not wait to attack her. It was for the best — she knew that if she failed to slay the enemy before nightfall, her chances of survival would drop to zero.

And yet, the Huntsman had not shown himself yet.

What was he waiting for?

She frowned, then glanced at her shadow.

"Could it be that the demon is afraid of you, teacher?"

A calm voice resounded from the darkness:

"It is highly unlikely. I am very hard to notice when I'm hiding in the shadows. There is a much simpler explanation, don't you think?"

Rain nodded.

Indeed, there was. The Huntsman was not omniscient, after all. He simply had not noticed her yet.

Which was what she had been hoping for. Rain knew that she wasn't strong enough to face an Awakened Demon in a direct confrontation, which meant that she had to rely on traps to even the odds. The problem was that even luring such a creature into a trap was problematic, because he was much faster than her.

'Well, if he doesn't want to welcome me...'

She was going to have to announce her arrival.

Soon, the smell of blood and smoke permeated the forest.

***

There was no sound. Not even a single branch trembled. And yet, there was a presence — a dangerous presence moving through the forest, somehow remaining unseen.

Rain could feel it. Her intuition, which she had honed through dozens of hunts, was telling her that a deadly foe was approaching.

Sitting on a branch downwind of where the smell of smoke was coming from, her skin smeared in ash to mask her scent, she was watching the forest intently. Even then, she was only using her peripheral vision to observe it — many Nightmare Creatures could sense when a gaze was directed at them, so she knew better than to stare.

It was for that reason that she managed to notice a small anomaly in the surrounding area.

'The frost...'

The patterns of frost on the ground were broken. It was as though someone heavy had walked past, leaving footprints on the frozen soil, and yet avoided her sight completely.

'He's... like a chameleon.'

Once she knew what to look for, Rain quickly managed to notice a subtle anomaly. There was a patch of air that seemed to be a little hazy, but still transparent, as if distorted by heat. But how could there be heat in this frigid cold? No, the almost unnoticeable distortion was the masked figure of the Huntsman, moving noiselessly in the direction of the smoke.

The demon was cautious and prudent, but not as prudent and cautious as she was.

That was because Rain was weak, and had no other choice but to remain humble.

'No wonder so many Awakened were defeated by this demon.'

This Chalice Knight was a bit special, indeed.

Luckily, Rain had known about that strange ability of his in advance. She had talked to the members of the cohorts who had ventured into the forest to slay the Huntsman in the past, and learned quite a bit about this abomination.

That was why she had come prepared.

She held her breath, feeling the world grow stark and clear.

Her battle-ready mind entered the state of clarity.

That state...

She had been quite angry at her teacher for how vague and confounding his explanations about the meaning of clarity were. But after finally mastering it, Rain finally understood every word.

Master the body, master the mind... the essence of combat was murder, and every action she took in combat only served one of two purposes — to kill the enemy or to prevent the enemy from killing her.

Something like that could not be explained with words, only learned in battle. However, once Rain truly understood that unfathomably deep, but simple truth, every battle she had fought after that was easier.

Time seemed to slow down as her perception expanded. Her thoughts accelerated, and at the same time, the scope of the world grew narrower, eliminating all unnecessary distractions. She could feel every minute detail of her environment with striking sharpness, from the direction of the wind to the slowly dancing snowflakes.

Down below, the almost invisible menace slowly approached the bonfire she had made with wet branches, and the butchered corpse of a Dormant beast she had laid as bait.

It was time to strike.

There was no way back anymore.

Drawing her bow, she finally allowed her gaze to fall directly on the empty space where the Huntsman was supposed to be, and let the arrow fly.

Rain had thought that her shot was immaculate, and almost impossibly swift. From the moment she nocked the arrow to the moment she let go of the string, less than a heartbeat passed.

And yet, frighteningly, that single heartbeat was enough for the demon to react. She couldn't see his movements, but the vague patch of subtly hazy air shifted at an impossible speed.

The arrow flashed past.

...But that was alright.

Rain had not been aiming at the invisible abomination, anyway.

Instead, she aimed at a burlap sack hanging above the bonfire. The arrow split it open, and fine powder poured into the air.

It was not gunpowder, nor was it some expensive alchemical concoction. It was simple flour.

However, when the cloud of flour ignited, it still produced a fiery flash. That flash couldn't be called a proper explosion, really, since there was no closed vessel to contain it, but it still served its purpose...

That was, to cover the Huntsman in soot.

Suddenly, his invisible form was not that invisible anymore.

In fact, whatever camouflage the creature had been using was broken by the rain of burning flour, and Rain finally saw the Huntsman in all his vile glory.

**********


                                Chapter 1710: Daring Escape
--------------------
The Chalice Knight resembled a human wearing a tattered suit of ancient armor that had turned green from rust. He towered at around two and a half meters of height, but seemed even taller because of the deer antlers attached to his closed helmet. The rusty helmet itself was fashioned to resemble the snout of a snarling beast, with deep darkness nestling in the crack of its visor.

There was moss growing here and there on the battered armor, and a ragged cloak, too weathered to retain any color, hanging from his shoulders like a torn banner.

The creature was holding a frightening battleaxe in his hand, its blade large and heavy enough to easily split a human in two.

The Huntsman... was like a dead knight that had crawled from under the roots of the forest that had claimed an ancient battlefield, ghastly and imposing enough to make Rain shudder.

Worse than that, the dark crack of his visor was already staring directly at her.

Her souls seemed to squirm under that gaze.

'Crap.'

Rain nocked another arrow on the string and prepared to draw her bow...

But before she could, the Huntsman had already reached the base of the tree that served as her sniper nest.

His dreadful battleaxe rose and fell. That dreadful strike was enough to make the mighty trunk of the ancient tree explode into a hurricane of splinters, obliterating a whole swath of it.

But, a moment later...

A sharp arrow fell from above and lodged itself into his knee. It struck precisely at the narrow gap between the bottom of the abominations's cuisse and the top of his poleyn — which were the armor elements responsible for protecting one's thigh and knee, respectively.

A pretty decent shot, considering the situation.

But Rain did not have any time to celebrate, because the tree was already toppling... and she was falling with it.

After a moment of weightlessness, the rope tied around her chest drew taut, and she found herself flying through the air.

If there was one thing her teacher had told her, it was that one should always leave themselves a path of retreat. Rain had never considered that climbing a tree would protect her from an Awakened Demon, so she naturally prepared a way to escape.

In this case, that way was swinging on a rope and flying between the trunks of terribly tall trees at breakneck speed. She had not carried a sizable length of silk rope all the way here in vain, at least.

As the wind whistled in her ears, Rain thought:

'This is going to hurt...'

Struggling to control her body, she spun at the last moment and used her legs to dissipate the shock of colliding with another tree at great speed. The other end of the rope was tied around one of its highest branches, which allowed her to swing like a pendulum... well, a badly designed pendulum, maybe.

She did not break her neck or crack her skull, which was a relief, but her feet were in agony. Ignoring it, Rain immediately cut the rope with her dagger and plummeted down, landing softly on the frozen ground.

There, leaning against the trunk of the tree, two things were waiting for her: her javelin, and another arrow.

Sheathing the dagger in one smooth motion, Rain grabbed the arrow and spun around, already drawing the bow.

The Huntsman was barreling toward her, so fast that it was hard to track his movements...

But still, he wasn't faster than her arrow.

With her mind clear, she could sense the movements of her enemy. So, she did not aim at where the abomination was, but at where it would be.

Another arrow pierced the air, striking at his other knee.

Sadly, this time, Rain's aim was a few millimeters off. The precious arrowhead struck the edge of the Huntsman's cuisse and shattered, only managing to slice some moss off the rusty green metal.

The Huntsman was an Awakened Demon, while the arrowheads of Rain's arrows were made from the bones of Awakened abominations.

Theoretically, the demon's armor and the arrowheads were of the same Rank... but she herself was not. Strangely enough, that made her arrows weaker than the rusty green metal.

It had something to do with essence, laws governing the world, and will. Rain wasn't entirely clear on the details, but what it meant in practice was that she had to strike at the cracks of the abomination's armor... which she had failed to do, this time.

She did not waste time lamenting the mistake.

Grabbing the javelin, Rain... spun, and ran away.

She ran as fast as she could.

What bravery? What courage? There was no such thing on the battlefield, only strength and weakness, life and death.

In normal circumstances, outrunning an Awakened Demon would have been impossible, but there was currently an arrowhead lodged in one of his knees. It didn't matter that such a small wound was not at all dangerous for a creature of his Rank and Class — a joint was a joint, and if there was something disrupting the joint's function, even a demon would be slowed down.

Rain had specifically fashioned the arrowheads in a way that would make removing them nearly impossible, unless the victim wanted to take a sizable chunk of flesh out with them. So even if the shaft of the arrow was broken, the damage still remained.

Granted, it would have been much better if both of the Huntsman's knees were hurt.

Because, now...

She really did not know if she would be able to escape his axe long enough to accomplish her goal.

'Run... run!'

Gritting her teeth, Rain did the unthinkable... she tossed away her bow. That was a terrible loss — not because he was afraid to lose it, but because the quiver of arrows she had hidden up ahead would be useless without it. But she had to sacrifice something, and her javelin seemed much more useful in a battle against such a large foe.

As for her sword... well, her teacher had given it to her. She would never discard it.

She felt incredibly lucky about leaving her coat and armor on the outskirts of the forest.

'Run, goddamn you!'

Rain did not have eyes on the back of her head, but she could feel the ground trembling, and hear the branches snapping behind her. In fact, the Huntsman was barreling directly through the trees, snapping the mighty trunks like matches. It was as though an unstoppable, inescapable behemoth was pursuing her, getting closer and closer. He was already no more than a dozen meters away.

A dozen meters... ten meters... six meters...

Rain's heart was beating wildly in her chest.

But then, finally, the trees receded, and she escaped into a vast open space.

That... was where she had wanted to fight the demon.

'Be more prepared. Control the battlefield, know the terrain, learn about the enemy. Take the initiative and don't make any mistakes. Have a clear mind and deadly resolve.'

That was the recipe for winning a battle against a demon... any battle, really.

So, this was the battlefield that Rain had chosen.

The open space in front of her was a swamp that hid in the depths of the forest.

Currently, it was frozen over, the treacherous depths encased in a layer of ice. The ice was covered by a thin carpet of snow.

Rain was light enough to walk on the ice without falling under its surface.

The Huntsman, though...

With his frightening size, heavy armor, and dreadful battleaxe, he was going to have a bit of a problem.

Feeling death approaching her from behind, Rain did not waste a single moment and stepped onto the hidden ice.

**********

