Shadow Slave - PART 182
Chapters 1811 to 1820
==============================


                                Chapter 1811 Perfect Day
--------------------
"You are here. That's the best gift."

Neph's smile grew a little wider.

'...Such a smooth talker.‘

Still, coming from Master Sunless, even the most trite compliment was too pleasant to hear.

She looked down at the luminous pearl he had given her. It was merely an Awakened soul shard, but... the lustrous pearl was so pretty, glowing softly with an opalescent shine in her hand. Its beauty and uniqueness made it seem quite valuable.

However, it was the intent behind the gift and the words that accompanied it that made Nephis like it a lot.

She looked at him with a light smile.

"I'll cherish it."

Master Sunless usually wore his hair tied back neatly, but now it was loose and wet, falling to his shoulders like a waterfall of black silk. His skin was like white porcelain, with the onyx scales of the coiling serpent contrasted starkly against its smooth surface. His dark eyes were glistening in the sunlight.

He looked lovely.

Nephis stole a furtive glance at his chiseled body, then hid her agitation by biting into a flavourful sandwich. Her eyes closed slightly.

'Ah...‘

The sandwich was absolutely delicious. It was simply unfair... her sight was already being assaulted by his figure, and now, her taste was besieged by his incredible cooking.

Which of her five senses would Master Sunless tackle next?

Thinking that, Nephis tried not to blush.

She had been a little flustered when he took off his clothes to jump into the water. He was much... sharper than she had imagined. Nephis was used to being in the company of warriors. so she had seen her fair share of athletic bodies. But the contrast between his gentle demeanor and his lean, sculpted physique was too striking.

Not to mention the detailed tattoo of the coiling serpent. It was so out of place on the body of the refined enchanter that Nephis had been given a pause. That tantalizing tattoo... seemed like it had a history.

Had Master Sunless been a delinquent once?

For some reason, the thought was strangely exciting.

Of course, she had a different suspicion about the origin of the serpent tattoo.

Then, there was the unexpected potency of his presence. She had known for a while that Master Sunless was in a habit of wearing a Memory that dampened the impression people had of him. But she had not expected that he would be that impressive.

His presence was subtle, but undeniable... very fitting for a man whose affinity lay with 0 shadows.

However, although she had paid attention to his appealing body and the unanticipated power of his dark presence, Nephis had been distracted by something else.

When Master Sunless dismissed his mantle, there was another thing that was revealed. She had always felt that his longing was strangely muffled — it was there, but somewhat obscured from her senses. But when the black mantle came off, the burning heat of his desire was finally revealed to her in all its startling depth.

It seemed that behind the humble, slightly melancholic exterior.... Master Sunless was a man of great passion.

That was why Nephis had been clustered.

She had known that he felt a strong attraction to her, both on an emotional and physical level. However, it was quite a surprise to feel how deep that attraction went.

...It was not an unpleasant surprise, though.

Because Nephis felt a strong attraction, too — otherwise, she wouldn't have agreed to see him in earnest. So, instead of being uncomfortable, she secretly felt pleased and flattered by his attention.

Nephis had been grateful for the cold water at that time.

it was all strange, and not entirely like herself. She had never felt that way... at least not that she could remember. But being with Master Sunless spoke to something deep within her. lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m. He made her feel at ease, as if the two of them belonged together like two pieces of the same puzzle.

He was just so... pleasant to be around. She couldn't help herself.

But that was fine.

Nephis let go of these thoughts as she enjoyed the picnic prepared by Master Sunless. Everything was delicious. The tea was fragrant. The company was the best part.

The glistening water, the rustling leaves, the embroidered blanket, the man sitting near her... it was all perfect, like the picture out of a book.

She had not felt that relaxed in a long, long time.

A disastrous war that would decide not only her own fate, but the fates of countless humans as well, was almost upon them. And yet, here she was, enjoying an idle day at a beach with a beautiful man.

Nephis would have felt guilty about neglecting her responsibilities, but she knew that coming here today was also important.

She was proficient with a sword and had spent countless hours practicing how to wield it. Therefore. she knew that pushing her body without reprieve only seemed appealing, but would never produce a good result. The body needed sufficient rest in order to grow stronger and absorb what it had learned — otherwise, it would simply collapse, destroying all the progress.

It was the same with the mind. Nephis had a thousand issues to think about and a thousand strategies to plan. But it would not be good to drive herself into delirium by never allowing herself to relax — the mind needed rest, too. Persistent mental fatigue and sleep deprivation would only make it dull.

She knew all these things well.

But she had realized only recently that the heart was just like the body and the mind. lIer spirit needed reprieve from time to time, as well. She couldn't just strain it endlessly and expect that nothing would break — instead, she needed to maintain it carefully, just like she maintained her body and mind.

So, this idle time with Master Sunless was not irresponsible at all. There was no need to feel guilty about satisfying her desires. That was just her doing some much—needed maintenance on her weary heart.

Today was perfect.

Finishing the sandwich, Nephis leaned forward to pour herself some light wine. However, at that moment, Master Sunless reached forward, as well, aiming for the tea kettle.

Suddenly, their faces were terribly close.

Nephis looked at his lips thinking...

'I wonder. How soft would they feel to the touch?'

**********


                                Chapter 1812 Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood
--------------------
Sunny was enjoying the sight of Nephis consuming the food he had prepared delightedly. He did not speak much and just looked at her, feeling that the day was perfect. Everything went much better than he had anticipated. It was so blissful, in fact, that he unconsciously expected a Cursed Titan to fall on their heads out of nowhere.

Then, he had to remind himself that he wasn't Fated anymore.

'So... it will probably be fine.‘

Still, his mouth was suddenly dry at the thought.

Not thinking much about anything, Sunny reached for the tea kettle.

But, at the same time, Nephis reached for the bottle of wine.

Suddenly, their faces were terribly close. It was to the point that he could feel her breath on his cheek.

The two of them remained motionless for a few moments, looking into each other's eyes. Neph's gaze was calm, but also made him feel hot.

His own gaze... Sunny had no idea. He felt that it was rather intense.

Her tantalizing lips were so close.

She did not exactly move, but he sensed a subtle tension in her muscles, as if she was about to lean closer.

The leaves rustled softly all around them, and the setting sun painted by the sky in a million shades of golden radiance.

Sunny took a deep breath...

And said:

"I need to tell you something."

Just like that, the moment was gone.

He sighed.

"I said that there were secrets that I might never reveal. But... before anything else happens, there is one of them in particular I must share. So..."

Nephis remained motionless for a bit, then picked up the bottle of wine and leaned back. Pouring the greenish liquid into a glass, she exhaled slowly and took a sip.

Then, she smiled faintly.

"You don't really have to tell me. I already know."

Sunny froze.

His heart skipped a beat... no, a few beats.

Suddenly, he was a little panicked.

Hiding his frazzled state, he forced himself to breath and asked slowly:

"Lady Nephis... what, exactly, do you think you know?"

He had been gathering courage to admit that he was the Lord of Shadows for so long. But... she already knew? Know? Since when?

There were too many thoughts buzzing in his head.

Nephis drank more wine and smiled wistfully.

"Well, it wasn't that hard to figure out, was it?"

She paused for a few moments, then sighed.

"Plus, I feel like you've been giving me hints since we met today. I would be a fool not to realize."

Her tone wasn't particularly agitated... which was good.

However, at the same time, why wasn't it? How could she be so nonchalant?

Sunny had been agonizing about this issue for a long time, so he felt a little hurt by the fact that she could remain so calm about it.

He also didn't know how she could remain calm.

Nephis looked at him and continued:

"There are too few people with an affinity to shadows out there. But now, I am suddenly surrounded by them. Additionally... you could not have expected me to know, given how rare and arcane this knowledge is. lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m. But my experience in the Third Nightmare allowed me to draw a direct parallel between you and the Saint of Godgrave."

Sunny trembled.

"What knowledge?"

Her smile grew a little gentle.

"That mantle you wear looks just like the ritual attire of a priest of the Nightmare Spell. The mask the Lord of Shadows wears is part of that attire, as well. Now, it might be a coincidence for me to stumble on two people with high affinity to shadows, and it might be a coincidence for two Awakened to possess Memories inherited from the followers of Weaver. But both of these connections can't be a coincidence."

He slowly poured the tea into his cup.

'...Huh.'

lndeed. Why had he not thought about that? Probably because the Nebulous Mantle was quite inconspicuous, unlike the eye-catching Weaver's Mask. He had not expected anyone to attribute it to the cult of Weaver... but this was Ananke's mantle, after all. Nephis knew it too well.

Additionally, she had never been supposed to meet the humble shopkeeper, to begin with... their unexpected relationship was the result of a messy series of unanticipated events. So, Sunny had not been as meticulous in maintaining his disguise as he would normally be.

'She... she knew all along?’

The idea was startling.

Nephis, meanwhile, finished her wine and poured herself a little more.

"...But mainly, it was the fact that the Lord of Shadows was too well-informed about everything that is happening in both worlds for someone who is supposed to be a recluse. Knowledge like that can't be achieved without an information network. So, I figured that he has many agents scattered across the waking world and the Dream Realm."

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

'Huh?'

With a sigh, Nephis put her glass down and added in a soft tone:

"The lineage of Shadow God has never been discovered... at least everyone thinks so. But all these facts hint that it has. I don't know how the Shadow Clan managed to remain hidden for so long, and why you are starting to move now, but it doesn't matter. What matters..."

He tilted his head a little.

"Wait a moment..."

She looked him in the eyes and smiled.

"Is that I know that you are an agent of the Lord of Shadows, Master Sunless. But... that doesn't really change the way I think of you. So, you don't have to worry."

Sunny stared at her silently.

'...No, but why does she sound a little smug?‘

And also, she did not care if he was a spy working for the Lord of Shadows... that made him feel warm inside.

It was so adorable!

He inhaled, then said in a cautious tone:

"No, that's not it."

A hint of surprise appeared on Neph's face.

She lingered for a moment, then asked:

"It's not?"

Sunny scratched the back of his head awkwardly.

"What I mean to say is that I am not an agent of the Lord of Shadows."

His voice was a bit smooth.

"...I am the Lord of Shadows."

Nephis looked at him incredulously.

Her expression was deadpan.

"What?"

He nodded.

"Yes. The Lord of Shadows... that's me. We met in Godrgrave before we met in Bastion." Her face froze.

Nephis remained silent for a while, then asked in a flat tone:

"How would that even work? Godgrave is so far from Bastion, and your tether..."

Sunny sighed, then manifested the gloomy shadow into an avatar. A moment later, two of him were sitting on the blanket — one wearing nothing but the swimming trunks, the other wearing clothes made from manifested shadows.

"It's an Ability of mine. I have seven bodies. Two are here in Bastion, four are in Godgrave, and one is in the Song Domain."

Neph's eyes slowly widened.

She stared at the two of him without saying anything, her expression perfectly emotionless.

After a while, Sunny asked:

"Uh... Lady Nephis... are you fine?"

She nodded slowly.

"Yes. of course."

He hesitated.

"Are you sure?"

Nephis raised an eyebrow elegantly.

"Yes. Why are you asking?"

Sunny coughed.

"Because... the river is on fire…”

**********


                                Chapter 1813 Behind the Mask
--------------------
The river was, Indeed, on fire.

It was quite a strange sight. A vast expanse of clear water was boiling, and more than that, a sea of white flames was spreading across its surface like burning oll. A wave of heat assaulted Sunny like a tide, bathing him in warmth.

Neph slowly turned her head and looked at the river, a calm and composed expression on her face. The flames fell and were extinguished under her impassive gaze.

Then, she cleared her throat.

"Ah, yes. There... there was a Nightmare Creature preparing to surface. I burned it."

Her tone was poised and confident.

Sunny kept the smile off his face.

"Oh, I see. Of course. Thank you for reacting promptly."

His shadow sense was still enveloping the entire area, so he knew perfectly well that there had been no abomination. However, he wasn't going to mention it.

Instead, he raised the steaming cup of tea with a trembling hand, gulped it down, and sighed.

His avatar silently turned back into a shadow.

"Well... yes. As I was saying. There is no Shadow Clan and no information network. Instead, there is just me. My Transformation Ability allows me to manifest my shadows as incarnations of myself,

Nephis stared at him with wide eyes, stili struggling to accept the revelation. Her volce turned a little subdued.

"Transformation Ability? So... you are a Saint? No, of course you are... because you are the... the Lord of Shadows..."

She closed her eyes for a moment.

"Then what about the other forms? The shadow colossus? The little crow? I was under the impression that the Lord of Shadows... that you... could assume these shapes due to your Transcendent Ability."

Sunny scratched the back of his head.

"Those forms are made possible by a technique based on my Dormant, Awakened, and Ascended Abilities as well as my Aspect Legacy."

Nephis took a deep breath, then looked at him sharply.

After a few moments of silence, she asked with a hint of agitation in her voice:

"You..., you are really him? The Lord of Shadows?”

Sunny remained motionless for a bit then extended an arm forward. Soul Serpent slithered under his skin, flowing into his palm- then, the Intricate tattoo slowly disappeared, and the black odachi appeared in his hand.

He hesitated for a few moments, then gently placed the great sword on the sand.

"Yes. Although... It would be more appropriate to say that the Lord of Shadows is me."

Sunny looked at Nephis with a pale smile.

"I attained Transcendence four years ago, near the end of the Southern Campaign. After that... well, 1 was a little done with the world. So, I spent a few years wandering the Dream Realm aimlessly, having no desire to return. But eventually, I did. I sent most of my incarnations to Godgrave, where they battled the Nightmare Creatures and established a foothold in that damned place. lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m. And at the same time, I came to Bastion and opened my shop. That... is pretty much it."

She looked at him for a while without saying anything.

What was she thinking about?

Sunny was afraid to imagine.

Was she blaming him for fooling her? Feeling betrayed? Was she too stunned to understand the meaning of his words?

Or was she, perhaps, alright with it? He did not know.

Nephis, meanwhile, reached for the wine allently. The bottle, not the glass,

***

Nephis was reeling.

She couldn't help but look at Master Sunless... no, Saint Sunless... no, was that even his real name?

She couldn't help but look at the charming enchanter and mentally compare him to the sinister, cold, overbearing Lord of Shadows.

Sunless was slender, beautiful, and nice. His features were very handsome, but not in a rugged kind of way. Instead, he was gallant and charming in a soft and charming manner. His onyx eyes were usually calm, with a hint of wry humor hidden in their dark depths. Sometimes, they were clouded by a veil of strange melancholy, and sometimes, they were glistening with sincere mirth.

He made Nephis feel at ease.

The Lord of Shadows, meanwhile... was fearsome and imposing. His face was always hidden behind a mask - sometimes, it was a featureless mask that made him look eerily unfathomable, and sometimes, it was the ferocious mask of a dark demon. His movements were sharp and powerful, full of ruthless intent. His sinister voice was cold and emotionless.

He made Nephis feel on edge.

If there was something in common between the two of them, it was that both of them seemed to be able to stir her emotions. But, still...

How could the two of them be the same person?

How could the gentle Master Sunless have cut down Great Nightmare Creatures without batting an eye?

How could the aloof Lord of the Shadows have worn a homely apron and caringly prepared delicious waffles for her, placing a scoop of ice cream and fresh strawberries on top?

She was failing to understand.

'Ah... my head hurts...'

Nephis asked a few questions to buy herself some time to process the impossible revelations. He answered them, but she barely heard the answers.

'No way! It can't be. I mean... yes, I made the connection between the two of them. And yes, Master Sunless... Saint Sunless... he warned me that he has a lot of secrets... but... but…’

Mostly, Nephis felt stunned.

There was a subtle hint of humiliation at being fooled, as well. Or rather, of being a fool.

But there was also something else.

Beneath the shock and rejection, she couldn't help but think...

Would it be so bad if the charming enchanter had turned out to be the Lord of Shadows?

Nephis remembered her first meeting with the mysterious Saint. She would have lied if she said that he had not fascinated her. His power, his beautiful swordsmanship, his cold arrogance... back then, she had felt wistful, thinking... that it would have been so nice, to have a steady partner like that,

Someone who could keep up with her... an equal.

Of course, she had often wondered what was hiding behind the mask of the Lord of Shadows. It was a bit exciting to Imagine. She was quite sure that he was young... but what did he look like? Was his face as cold and emotionless as his voice? Were his eyes as ruthless? Was he handsome? He had to be, as a Saint...

Was he even a human?

Nephis had only been distracted from that fascination after stumbling into an unexpected relationship with Master Sunless, the charming and gentle enchanter... first a fake one, then less and less so.

She mentally replaced the ferocious mask with the beautiful face of Master Sunless... Saint Sunless.

Or whatever his name truly was.

He would look so out of place in the heavy onyx armor, wielding the great blade of the dark odachi.

But also... it fit so well.

His raven-black hair, his porcelain skin, his dark eyes. She could imagine it easily, a beautiful man like him sitting on an obsidian throne in the Nameless Temple, clad in intricate onyx armor and surrounded by eternal darkness.

‘...How did I not realize it before!’

Nephis wanted to fall through the ground.

She feverishly went over every encounter with the Lord of Shadows, and then put them side by side with the time she had spent with Master Sunless.

The way he watched her practice swordsmanship...

The way he watched the lonesome tree in the courtyard of the dark temple...

The way he seemed to enjoy seeing people eat his food...

The way he seemed to prefer the solitude of the Nameless Temple despite surrounding himself with human-like shadows...

She swallowed some wine, not feeling its taste.

"Wait, wait... Sunless. Is that even your real name?”

**********


                                Chapter 1814 Confession
--------------------
"...Sunless. Is that even your real name?"

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

‘Why is she...'

But then, it made sense.

He knew that his feelings for Nephis were real, and him being the Lord of Shadows did not change them. But, for her... she must have been questioning everything she knew about him. Every word he had uttered was under suspicion of being a lie, and every action he had taken was under suspicion of being premeditated and purposeful.

That was because, while Master Sunless was merely a person, the Lord of Shadows was something else.

He was one of the players in the grand game between the powers of this world.

Sunny lingered for a moment, then offered her a fragile smile.

"Sure. That is my real name. Well, actually, although it is my real name, most people call me Sunny, So... I was going to suggest that you call me that too, soon... today."

He faltered, then sighed.

"Listen, I want... first, I want to explain something My Intention was never to deceive you. I did not approach you with an ulterior motive, insinuating myself into your good graces for a nefarious purpose. In fact, I never expected to meet you at all. I mean... meet you here, in Bastion"

He wasn't being very eloquent, but there was no helping it. Sunny's mind was in turmoil, and therefore, so were his words.

He sought a momentary refuge in the act of gulping down tea.

"It was... sort of like... like this. The Lord of Shadows was supposed to be a part of me that deals with the big picture. While Master Sunless, he wasn't supposed to have any purpose at all. He was just meant to live the life that I have always wanted to live, but was never able to. A quiet and peaceful life away from bloodshed and strife, one that had nothing to do with the Sovereigns, the war, the Nightmare Spell, the gods and the daemons. The future."

Sunny sighed.

"I just wanted to manage a small shop and live quietly. Or rather... I wanted to let a part of me experience that bliss, at least. So that was what I did, and I never expected that a few days after the Lord of Shadows met you, you would walk into my shop. Actually... I was so startled that I fell... like a fool..."

Neph blinked,

"That was why you were on the floor?" Sunny coughed and scratched his head in embarrassment.

"Yeah."

She stared at him intently.

"Walt. What about the duel with Tristan of Aegis Rose?"

He looked down.

"Oh, that... I tried really hard not to hurt him. Too much."

Nephis opened her mouth to say something, then closed it again. Then, she opened it once more and covered it with a hand, as if mortified.

"Wait! So, when Effie... when she..."

Sunny smiled sheepishly.

"Ah, right. That happened, too. It was a bit funny, actually."

Effie was in a habit of belittling the Lord of Shadows in an earnest attempt to help out Master Sunless win Nephis over. Her clumsy attempts to help missed the mark completely, of course, but were strangely endearing.

Although... Nephis had indeed ended up seeing the humble shopkeeper in a favorable light. So maybe Effie actually knew what she was doing?

Sunny wasn't sure, at that point.

Noticing that Nephis seemed to have lost the ability to speak, he hesitated for a moment, and then said softly:

"When you walked into my shop, it was like twe worlds colliding. Well, and after that... one thing led to the other... and before I knew it, we were in a contractual relationship, i was being knighted, and you were spending more time with me than with the Lord of Shadows. lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m. Who was supposed to be the only Incarnation of mine to face you"

He hesitated for a moment.

"I knew that the best course of action would be to sever that connection and make sure that Master Sunless, the humble shopkeeper, never comes in contact with Changing Star of the Immortal Flame again. But... I was selfish, and I was greedy. And I went along with the flow, allowing it to pull me closer to you."

Nephis looked at him strangely, something flashing in her eyes.

Then, a slight frown creased her elegant brow. She mumbled:

"Wait. But Initially, I only trusted you... this version of you... because Cassie had vouched that you could be trusted. And she would not have done something like that without a thorough Investigation. How did she miss all these clues?"

Sunny almost choked on his tea.

Wiping his lips, he put the cup down and glanced at Nephis carefully.

'Ah.’

He said tentatively:

"Actually… Cassie was the first to find out. She made sure that I had no malice toward you, and tacitly agreed to keep my secret. For a bit. So that I could tell you myself, eventually"

The wine bottle... was slowly melting in Neph's hand.

Her voice trembled a little:

"Cassle knew?"

Sunny smiled awkwardly.

'Sorry, Cassie!'

"Ah... yes. We sort of... struck a deal. For reasons. But, you should know that she only has your best Interests in mind. So, if you want to blame someone, blame me. She has really done the best she could. It is me who's at fault."

Nephis stared at him silently for a while.

Then... she stared at him some more.

Sunny had a feeling that she was yelling at a certain blind seer currently, in her head.

He tried to imagine what Nephis was feeling.

His imagination failed.

Surely, she was shocked. Embarrassed, a little. Reeling.

But… maybe… was there no possibility that she was a little happy, as well?

The Lord of Shadow wasn't her enemy, after all. In fact, they had built some trust and rapport in the recent months, They had fought side by side, And he was someone anyone would wish to have by their side on the battlefield.

Someone who could support her on her treacherous path, not just treat her to a plenie between the calamitous battles.

Wouldn't it feel nice, to know that someone like that was also kind and caring... to her, at least... and that he was willing - longed for, really - to be more than just an ally?

Both the Lord of Shadows and Master Sunless were parts of Sunny. And together, they made someone who could stand side by side with Nephis wherever she went, and support her in whatever way she needed.

In short...

'I'm not that bad, am I?'

Nephis inhaled slowly, then said in a subdued tone:

"Which one of you is... the real you?"

Sunny hesitated for a few moments, then said the truth:

"All of me is the real me."

He looked away.

"...It would be easy to say that one of my Incarnations is a mask, and the other one is the true me. But that would be a lie. They are all me, and the only difference between them is the role they have to play. The Lord of Shadows is meant for war, and so, he is aloof and unyielding. Master Sunless is meant for peace, and so, he is soft and accommodating."

Sunny lingered for a moment, and then added quietly:

"I guess you can say that one of them is what 1 want to be, while the other is what i have to be. But that... is not really important. What's important is that..."

He looked at her with a pale smile.

"Both of them are me, and I am sincere in my feelings for you. You know it. You should have felt my longing."

Nephis studied his face for a long time.

Then, she nodded slowly.

And... blushed?

"I see. I... need to digest it. Sorry!"

'Wha...'

Before Sunny could react, beautiful white wings appeared behind Nephis, and she soared into the air, sending sand flying in all directions.

"Wait!"

He called after her, but she swiftly rose into the sky, and then disappeared in the direction of Bastion,

Sunny was left alone on the beach, frozen.

"You... you..."

He looked down, remained silent for a while, and grimaced.

“...You forgot to take your dress."

Indeed.

Nephis was in such a hurry to leave that she had forgotten to pick up her white summer dress. Of course, she could summon a Memory armor to cover her body at any moment... but still...

Sunny sighed deeply.

He didn't regret confessing his identity to her. He would have felt uncomfortable going further without doing that.

But he did regret it, a little.

Their perfect date was ruined.

And yet...

He looked at the sky silently.

There, at the end...

‘Her reaction wasn't that bad, was it?’

It wasn't.

In fact... it was a little promising.

**********


                                Chapter 1815 Stranded
--------------------
The sky above the Moonriver Plain was grey and unfriendly. Drops of cold water were dribbling from above, and the winds were blowing above the barren wasteland, howling as they dove into the canyons.

Rain sat in front of the crackling fire for a few minutes, staring somberly into the distance. Her body was bruised, but there were no serious wounds. Her mind was clear.

It was just that the situation was a bit bleak.

Rain sighed heavily, then inspected her surroundings. Well... there wasn't much to inspect. The stony wasteland was nearly featureless. There were a few twisted, dead trees a dozen or so meters away.

Beyond that, far away, stood a weathered ruin... the canyon was on the other side, a stone throw away.

Next, she inspected herself and grimaced. Rain was wearing her usual leather pants, henley, wool vest, and jacket. She was not going to suffer from the cold because her body was protected by her worn-out military bodysuit, but her warm coat was still in her pack... which was back with the survey team, full of survival equipment.

The last time she had seen her sword, it was impaling the abominable hand to the ground. Her bow and quiver were now somewhere at the bottom of the canyon. The only weapons she had left were the hunting knife in the sheath attached to the small of her back, and a dagger hidden in her boot.

It wasn't much.

However, what concerned Rain the most was not the lack of weapons, but the lack of simple tools. There was no food or water, either...

Luckily, there was a young lady from a noble clan. Tamar had to have a few useful Memories in her soul arsenal.

Rain rubbed her face, then rose and walked over to the unconscious girl. After inspecting her carefully, she scowled and cursed quietly through gritted teeth.

"Damnation..."

Tamar... wasn't in a good shape. She was not at death's door, but her body was terribly battered. Her face was bruised, and judging by a slight grimace that contorted it with each breath, so were her ribs. One of her arms was badly injured if not for the vambrace of her enchanted armor, it would have been mangled even worse.

Worst of all, both of her legs seemed to be broken. She must have been slammed against the wall of the canyon or had been caught between rocks, being tossed around by the current. Well... it was already a miracle that they had managed to survive, In fact, Rain should have been worse off than Tamar, whose Awakened physique was much more robust.

Her teacher must have made rescuing her a priority.

Rain sighed deeply.

She wasn't particularly fond of the haughty Legacy, but there was also no animosity between them. So, seeing her in such a sorry state made Rain feel despondent.

Tamar had chosen to catch the falling laborer instead of saving herself, after all. If she had been more selfish, she might have avoided getting hurt altogether.

"Stupid woman..."

Rain stared at the unconscious girl for a while, then rose and walked away.

She returned a couple of minutes later, carrying a few sturdy branches.

Awakened were much stronger than mundane people, and could recover from many terrible wounds. The healed much faster. Tamar seemed to have already saturated her core, as well - at that despite only Awakening a couple of months ago.

'One of the perks of being a Legacy, I guess.'

She must have received a treasure trove of soul shards immediately after becoming an Awakened. Legacy clans were known to provide their young with a lot of support... granted, not quite to that degree, Clan Sorrow must have liked pampering young Tamar.

...Or rather, they probably were in a hurry to make her as strong as possible before the start of the war.

The thought made Rain feel cold.

In any case, Rain wasn't too concerned about the younger girl - she would make a full recovery before too long.

However, this was the Dream Realm. They were lost and far away from other humans. Their situation was rather precarious.

Taking off her jacket, Rain hesitated for a few moments and unsheathed her knife. She cut her henley and then tore off its sleeves with a regretful expression. Finally, she sat down on the ground and started to cut the sleeves into thin strips of fabric, meaning to make them into cords.

It was better to set Tamar's bones before she regained consciousness.

Once the cords were ready, Rain returned the knife into its sheath and approached the Legacy girl. Her greaves and cuisses were in the way, so Rain had to unstrap them.

Memory armor was rarely donned and stripped, since Awakened could simply summon and dismiss it. However, that did not mean that it couldn't be taken off normally, Granted, Rain wasn't very familiar with how all these plates of metal were fastened to a human body and each other. So, she fumbled a little.

She was in the process of trying to remove a greave when something about her surroundings subtly changed. Looking up, she was a little startled to see that Tamar had opened her eyes and was staring at her dazedly.

"...What are you doing?"

The Legacy girl's voice sounded hoarse.

Rain looked down.

'Ah.’

From the side, it surely seemed like she was trying to loot the half-dead young lady for a pair of boots. Like a complete scoundrel.

Rain smiled sheepishly and then said in a friendly tone:

"Don't scream."

Tamar looked at her in confusion. Then, her eyes widened, and she let out a stifled groan.

The pain had finally caught up with her.

"Argh... aaah... damn it!"

The young Legacy slumped on the ground and gritted her teeth, reeling from pain.

Rain, meanwhile, let go of the greave and shook her head in dejection.

All that work, completely in vain.

She waved to attract Tamar's attention.

"Hey, Lady Tamar. Dismiss your armor."

Tamar looked at her silently for a few moments.

"...Why?”

Rain inhaled quietly, then tried her best to imitate the tone her mom had used to make her younger self take medicine:

"Your legs are broken. I need to set the bones... well, unless you want them to heal wrong."

The young Legacy gritted her teeth, then raised her torso and looked down. A few moments later, she fell back on the ground, her face turning pale.

There was a long stretch of silence, and then, her plate armor collapsed into a whirlwind of sparks, leaving only the cloth underlayer behind. Tamar was left wearing only a simple white shirt and breeches, shivering slightly in the cold.

Rain hesitated a little before picking up her jacket and covering the younger girl with it. Then, she looked at her pale face from above.

"It's going to hurt a lot. Do you want to bite down on something?"

Tamar slowly shook her head.

"Just to do it."

'Well, suit yourself.’

Rain returned to her feet, picked up on them gently, placed her hand on her calves, and said gingerly.

"Listen. I'm going to count to three, One..."

Without saying anything else, she pulled.

In the next moment, Tamar clenched her fists and let out a string of curses. Or at least she must have thought that they were curses in fact, this proper young lady had no idea how to properly curse. It was a bit adorable.

"You... you said you would count to three!"

Rain shrugged nonchalantly.

"I lied.”

**********


                                Chapter 1816 Simple Porter
--------------------
Tamar handled the pain surprisingly well. Rain herself was no stranger to pain, but she had never been hurt that badly. She wasn't sure if she could have maintained composure in a similar situation - at least without a dire need to stay composed.

Humans were wired to abhor pain, so there was nothing wrong with showing a bit of weakness.

But after that first string of curses, the young Legacy stayed silent and simply glared at Rain intensely. It was as if she was inviting her to try her worst.

'Weirdo.’

Luckily, Rain was quite good at treating injuries. All children learned the basic treatment procedures in school, and she had been additionally schooled on how to deal with most injuries in the wilderness by her teacher. So, Tamar did not have to suffer unnecessarily.

After the bones were set, Rain told her to summon back her boots, and then went about making splints from the branches and cords she had prepared.

While she busied herself with it, Tamar finally spoke:

"You... Rani..."

Rain glanced at her briefly, then looked back down.

'Huh. She remembers my name.’

"What?"

The Legacy girl inhaled slowly.

"Where are we?"

'Good question.'

Rain hesitated for a few moments, coming up with a believable lie. Sadly, the fact that they were alive was quite unbelievable.

But then again, the existence of her teacher was even harder to believe. So, any explanation she could come up with would sound more plausible than the truth.

Eventually, she said:

"I'm not sure, either. Somewhere downstream from where we fought the Tyrant. It looks like the river carried us pretty far... when I came about, I was laying on the edge of the canyon, with no trace of the others in sight. You were about a hundred meters downriver. That's all I know."

Tamar remained silent for a while.

"How did we survive?"

'A petty shadow rescued us from the current, then left us to fend for ourselves in the wilderness... because I hurt his feelings...'

She smiled faintly,

"No idea. I assumed it was because of some powerful life-saving Memory you have.”

The young Legacy ralsed an eyebrow.

"There's no such thing."

Rain sighed.

"That's too bad."

Finally finished, she looked at Tamar and shrugged.

"Well, we're both alive. Now, we just need to make our way back to the main camp, and then we will even be able to keep staying alive. Isn't that wonderful?"

The young Legacy looked at her somberly, not saying anything.

Rain smiled faintly.

"What? Why are you looking at me like that?"

Tamar glanced at splints on her legs, then faced her with a grim expression.

"We don't even know where we are. The wilderness is teeming with Nightmare Creatures. And I can't fight. How are we going to get to camp with me like that?"

Rain wasn't very concerned.

"What's the problem? Summon that Echo of yours, and let's ride it all the way back."

The young lady did not answer.

Her silence… was a little unnerving.

Rain frowned.

"Is there a problem?”

Tamar simply stared at her grimly for a bit, then said evenly:

"I can't summon my Echo."

Her words sent a chill running down Rain's spine. The giant wolf had been perfectly fine when they fell into the canyon... had it not? The two of them could easily survive the perilous journey with its help.

However, without the Echo, the situation would indeed be chillingly grim. Being lost in the wilderness of the Dream Realm with no tools and no weapons, with the sole Awakened warrior among the two of them suffering from heavy injuries... making it to the main camp in one piece seemed like a very distant possibility, to say the least.

Rain looked at Tamar, her frown deepening.

"Why? Was it destroyed?"

The young Legacy slowly shook her head.

"No, it's not destroyed."

Rain lingered for a moment, then rubbed her face tiredly.

"Then what's the problem?"

Tamar remained silent for a few seconds.

"The survey team is lacking a melee fighter now. Ray can do a lot of damage from stealth, but he is not well-suited for direct combat. Without that Echo, the team will suffer heavy casualties... if they can even make it back to the main camp. . They won't have a way to cross the canyons, either. The mission will fail."

Rain stared at her incredulously.

After a while, she said:

"So... it's not that you can't summon the Echo. You won't summon the Echo. Because you would rather die than put the team - and your mission at risk."

Tamar nodded.

"That's right."

A strange smile appeared on Rain's lips.

"That is very noble of you, Lady Tamar. It's commendable that you have decided to die for your duty. But what about me? Isn't it a bit strange that you have also decided that I will die to uphold your duty? Doesn't seem very fair.”

The young Legacy frowned.

"Have you no loyalty? Those people are your comrades, and our mission is important for the future of the Song Domain. We... we must be ready to sacrifice for the greater good."

Rain laughed.

"Loyalty? I am sorry, Lady Tamar... I am a hired laborer, I get paid a pitiful amount of coins to carry rocks and do tedious chores. Am I supposed to die for the right to carry rocks or for the privilege to do chores? I've been only doing that to put food on my plate. The only thing I'm loyal to is my stomach."

Tamar glared at her with indignation, then took a deep breath and grew quiet.

Sprawling on the ground in exhaustion and clearly suffering from pain, she remained silent for a few moments, then sighed.

"...You're right. You are not a Legacy, or even a soldier. So, I can't expect you to understand. Still... I won't compromise the entire survey team for the sake of one member. I won't leave them without the protection of the Echo."

Rain sighed inwardly.

'Stubborn fool..’

Tamar, meanwhile, looked at her with a grave expression.

"But I also can't expect you to share my burden. So... leave me. Your legs are perfectly fine. You stand a chance of making it back alive without me. I've seen your skill - you are not defenseless. So, I'll... I'll give you a few of my Memories. You won't be able to use the enchantments, but they will still be helpful. If you are careful enough and lucky enough, you'll survive."

Rain studied her pale, determined face silently.

After a while, she asked in a neutral tone:

"So, that's your plan? To send me off and stay here, immobilized, to die on your own?"

Tamar raised her chin arrogantly.

"Who says I'll die? I'll crawl and find a good place to hide. In a week or two, the survey team will reach the main camp. Then... someone will come to find me. I just need to last for a while.”

Her tone was confident, but her words did not sound very convincing.

Rain did not say anything for a while, then massaged her temples with a grimace.

Eventually, she said:

"Fine. Don't summon your damned Echo. Instead, summon a rope. Or a cloak... something like that."

Tamar frowned in confusion.

"A... a rope? What for?"

Rain stood up and raised her hands above her head, stretching her body. She could feel strength returning to her limbs.

"Because I am going to drag you to the main camp Instead of that Echo. If I have to. You did save my life back in the canyon, after all. I might be a simple porter, but I'm not an ingrate... my mom taught me better."

She had decided to stay with Tamar

After all, there should not be a lot of difference between carrying rocks and carrying a slim Legacy girl...

They were going to make it back together, or not at all.

**********


                                Chapter 1817 Shelter and Food
--------------------
Among Tamar's Memories, there was an enchanted cloak. Its enchantment wasn't very useful in their current situation, but the cloak itself was just what Rain needed.

Harvesting two long branches from the dead trees, she used it to create a makeshift stretcher. Rain held the front end of the stretcher, while the rear end dragged on the ground. For the young Legacy, it wasn't the most comfortable way to travel - but if she was suffering, she did not let it show.

As for Rain herself, she quickly warmed up from the strain. Hauling Tamar over a long distance in this manner was not very plausible, but luckily, they weren't going far just yet.

For now, their plan was to find shelter and wait for about ten days before summoning the Echo. That much time should be enough for the survey team to return to the main construction camp, or at least get close to it. So, all Rain and Tamar had to do was survive that long.

It was especially important that Tamar remained alive, because with her death, the Echo would disappear as well. Then, the survey team would be in peril...

Remembering the porters she had become friends with, Rain grimaced. She had put on a cynical facade in front of the young Legacy, and although there was some truth to her words, in all honesty, she wasn't willing to save herself by sacrificing those people, elther.

Plus, Rain was not helpless. Although the Moonriver Plain were much more dangerous than the wild reaches around Ravenheart, she still stood a fair chance of surviving here.

‘I'll take it one step at a time.’

For now, they had to find shelter. Then, procure food and water. After that... she was going to think about it later.

Soon, the ruins drew near. They were too large to be a solitary building, but too small to be the remains of a town. Stone walls rose from the ground, once tall and magnificent, now crumbling and covered in cracks. Rainwater was spilling out of the cracks, and it seemed as if the ruins were weeping.

There was no telling what that place had been once, and currently, Rain wasn't that interested in solving the mystery.

Instead, her gaze fell on the ground and grew tense.

'Damn it.’

She stopped without approaching the ruins and gently placed the stretcher on the ground. Tamar's face paled from the jolt, but she stubbornly refused to let her pain show.

"What is it?"

Rain studied the ground with a somber expression. A few moments later, she sighed.

"There are prints on the ground."

Tamar turned her head to look.

There were indeed traces of something having stalked this area in the mud. The prints weren't too large, and were clearly animalistic in nature. Judging by their size and depths, the creature - or creatures - weren't too large.

Still, it was a cause for concern.

The ruins Rain had hoped to take shelter in were occupied.

The two young women looked at each other silently.

Eventually, Tamar asked:

"What do you want to do? We... we can go further away from the canyon."

Rain remained silent for a while, then slowly shook her head.

"There's no point. Whatever it is that lives in the ruins will be faster than us, by far. Once it crawls out and catches our scent, it will find us no matter how much distance we can cover before nightfall."

Which wasn't much distance at all.

The state of the paw prints hinted that they had been left many hours, but less than a day ago. So, Rain suspected that the inhabitant of the ruins was a nocturnal predator, Even if she hauled Tamar away with all her strength, they were not going to outrun a Nightmare Creature.

She sighed.

"It has to die."

Rain looked at Tamar, then asked her to summon her Memory weapons. Soon, a small arsenal appeared from sparks of light on the ground in front of her.

The brutish zweihander was a beautiful and fearsome weapon... not to mention utterly deadly. Unfortunately, Rain could barely lift it - she could muster just enough strength to swing it from side to side in a crude and graceless arc, but there was no hope of doing that with any semblance of speed and accuracy. . Which meant death in an actual battle.

To her delight, Tamar possessed an enchanted bow and a quiver of arrows, as well. But... Rain could not even draw the bow. It was too heavy, and one would have to have a bear's strength to bend its limbs.

There was a beautifully austere battle spear, as well. Sadly, it was even worse than the zweihander. While its weight wasn't as great, the balance was different, so Rain almost toppled while trying to lift it.

Dejected, she stared at Tamar for a few moments, gaining a new appreciation for the younger girl's slender physique.

'How is she so strong with a body like that?’

The young Legacy had been brandishing the brutish greatsword with elegant ease, and even Jumping over canyons while wielding it. Awakened possessed Immense physical prowess, but Tamar seemed especially strong, or at least knew how to utilize her strength especially well.

Shaking her head, Rain gave up on the youg Legacy's main weapons.

Instead, she only picked up a kindjal - a simple double-edged dagger with a straight blade and a sharp tapered tip. It had no guard or decorations to speak of, but there was a lethal beauty to its simplicity.

The length of its broad blade was a bit too long to be a dagger, but a bit too short to be a short sword.

Rain weighed it in her hand and nodded.

"I'm off."

Tamar grimaced and tried to crawl off her stretcher.

"Wait..."

She picked up the enchanted bow and pulled the quiver closer to herself, then sat up, facing the ruins.

"If it's... if you can't handle it, draw it into the open. I'll try to bring it down from the ground."

Rain studied her for a few moments with a neutral expression.

She was trying not to smile.

Tamar's intent was gravely serious, but with her legs outstretched and fixed straight by splints, she looked a bit comical, sitting there on the ground like a doll.

Eventually, Rain gave her a nod, gripped the enchanted dagger, and headed for the ruins.

The shape of the weapon was only marginally more advantageous than her hunting knife. However, it was a genuine Memory - and of the Ascended Rank, no less.

Even if Rain could not use any of the dagger's enchantments, its sharpness alone would be of great help.

Feeling tense and uneasy, she silently entered the ruins. A few moments later, her figure was swallowed by darkness.

Tamar was left sitting in the mud, gripping her bow tightly. The jacket Rani had lent her fell to the ground, but she could not even feel the cold. Looking down at the jacket, she noticed that it was lined with a fine alloy mesh - the stitching was very neat, but it had clearly been reinforced to become a makeshift piece of protective gear by hand.

She stared at the Jacket for a few moments, surprised, Tamar was no stranger to all kinds of armor- however, as a Legacy, she had always been meant to become an Awakened. So, the armor she was knowledgeable about was in the form of powerful Memories and defensive Aspect Abilities.

Such a minuscule, mundane method of protection as lining one's jacket with reinforced alloy would have never crossed her mind.

It was so strange.

Rani herself was strange.

She seemed... too calm, and too capable. Most of all, her mental fortitude was entirely out of place. By all accounts, she should have been terrified and on the verge of panicking. It was Tamar who was supposed to be the one to maintain her composure in any situation, as an Awakened warrior should.

And yet, why did it seem as if Rani was more prepared to face the horrors of the Dream Realm than she was?

As if, for her, all of it was just a normal Tuesday.

‘...Can she be a Valor spy?’

That would be reasonable. However... somehow, Tamar did not believe it.

She gritted her teeth and faced the ruins.

For a few minutes, there was only silence.

And then, the silence was torn apart by a chilling roar.

Deep within the ruins, a heavy object collided against the stones. She heard a faint sound of something sharp grinding against the ancient walls, One of them seemed to crumble with a loud crack.

Tamar raised her bow and prepared to draw the string.

A while later, a slender figure walked out of the darkness.

Rani's clothes were soaked with blood, but the blood was too dark to have come from a human. Her expression was nonchalant.

She was wiping the blade of the enchanted dagger on the sleeve of a black military bodysuit as she walked.

Approaching Tamar, the strange porter flashed her a smile.

"An Awakened Beast. We were lucky."

Tamar looked up, staring at the mundane girl silently.

...Is that what she calls lucky?'

An Awakened Beast was supposed to be a herald of death for a mundane human. Even the government soldiers used heavy suits of mechanised armor and powerful rifles to face one.

Soon, Rani dragged her into the ruins. Finally sheltered from rain, Tamar felt a little better.

They entered a spacious hall in the central structure of the ruin. It was dark inside, but that did not prevent her from seeing the body of a large beast laying on the stone floor. The lower part of its body was buried under rubble, and its throat was savagely slit, seeping with blood.

Sitting down on the floor, Rant leaned back tiredly.

After a few moments of silence, she suddenly smiled.

"Here's shelter. And look..."

She pointed at the dead abomination.

"There's food."

Her smile dimmed a little.

"Now, I just need to find water…”

**********


                                Chapter 1818: Moment of Respite
--------------------
Even though did not show it, she was still reeling from the short, but lethal battle with the Awakened Beast.

A creature like that was not something she had not faced before, but those encounters had always been preceded by careful planning and preparation. Challenging an abomination as powerful as that blind was a chilling experience.

Luckily, the beast had been slumbering deeply when Rain entered the ruins. She stalked them silently, found the enemy, and managed to devise a feasible plan without alerting the abomination.

Then, she cut her arm and stirred the Nightmare Creature awake with the scent of blood. Luring it out of its lair, Rain toppled a badly damaged stone wall on the beast, burying it under rubble. The enemy was immobilized - even if only for a few moments. So, she rushed in, dodged its deadly claws deftly, and sliced its throat open with the sharp blade of the Ascended dagger.

It all ended in a heartbeat. Rain wasn't even injured... of course, she could have very well lost her life, One mistake was all it took to die. If she had hesitated even a little or had been a split second too late to dodge the monstrous claws, the beast would have been gnawing on her bones by now.

But it was dead instead.

So... It all worked out, in the end.

‘I don't like it'

Rain had grown accustomed to hunting Nightmare Creatures, but the lack of control in this Improvised battle made her feel uneasy. She didn't like gambling with her life.

Letting out a sigh, she glanced at Tamar and then went about making a fire. The young Legacy had a tinderbox Memory, so Rain did not have to go through the tedious motions of forcing the damp wood to catch flame by hand. Soon, the ruin was illuminated by warm orange light, and the two of them were warming themselves in front of the fire.

The rain had turned into a dribble by then, so she couldn't collect rainwater anymore - at least not conveniently.

'It would be easier to wait for the canyon to fill with water once again.'

She would walk there later. Rain had to scout their surroundings, anyway.

For now, though...

She weighed the enchanted in her hand once again, then sighed and rose to her feet.

"Wait here."

Dragging the carcass of the dead beast outside with some effort, Rain dressed it down and salvaged a fair deal of meat. She had no salt to cure it, and there was not enough wood to smoke it. So, most of the meat was destined to spoil shortly.

If they were lucky, though, it could last them just long enough.

Returning Inside, Rain skewered the meat on sticks and began to roast it. It would have been better to do it over coals, but open fire worked, as well.

Tamar observed her actions silently. All in all, she was holding up well despite the terrible injuries.

After a while, the young Legacy asked:

"Rani... who are you?"

Rain raised an eyebrow.

"What do you mean? I'm a porter. Before that, I was a laborer in the main construction camp. They pay members of survey teams much more, so I volunteered."

Tamar scrutinized her for a few moments, then shook her head.

"You are too skilled to be a simple porter. Archery, swordsmanship, wilderness survival. Most of all, your mentality is not that of a mundane person."

Rain looked at her dubiously.

"I'm sorry, Lady Tamar... but have you spent a lot of time with mundane people?"

The younger girl frowned.

"What do you mean?"

Rain smiled and concentrated on the roasting meat.

"I mean that you Legacies are a bit isolated from the rest of us mundane folks. You grow up being trained by your clans instead of going to school, and only attend the Academy for a month or two to make connections with fellow Sleepers. Then, you assume an Important position and spend all your time surrounded by Awakened warriors. So, how would you even know what a mundane person should be like?"

She glanced at Tamar and shrugged.

"Well, alright. I might be a bit of an outlier. But, still... why can't I have great combat skills? Every child in the world is trained to be able to defend themselves. I trained especially diligently, both in school and with private tutors. That was because once upon a time, a Nightmare Gate opened near me. So, I was motivated."

Rain paused for a moment, and then added with a shrug:

"I worked long and hard to prepare myself for the First Nightmare. It was just that my Nightmare never came - I wasn't chosen by the Spell, and remained mundane. There is no inherent difference in skill or determination between mundane people and Awakened, wouldn't you say? It's just a matter of luck."

Tamar studied her for a bit, then asked:

"That might have been so in the past, but the situation is different now. With your talent and skill, you stand a great chance of surviving the First Nightmare. So why didn't you apply to challenge one? lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m. All you had to do was return to the waking world, and let the Spell take you. Your training would not have been wasted."

Rain remained silent, then sighed.

"People don't just risk their lives for no good reason. I value my life a lot, you know. Because there is someone out there who treasures it."

Her expression turned somber.

She hesitated for a few moments, and then added:

"My older brother died challenging a Nightmare. My parents have suffered enough, so I don't want to risk putting them through that pain again."

Rain did not expect the proud Legacy to understand - Legacies were a ruthless bunch, after all.

But, to her surprise, Tamar seemed to feel her words deeply.

The younger girl lowered her head and looked at the ground.

After a while, she said stiffly:

"...Mine too."

Rain looked at her in confusion.

"What?"

Tamar sighed.

"My older brother died challenging a Nightmare, too. He was much older than me, and very talented. The pride of our clan. He became a Master at an early age, and challenged the Third Nightmare after a while. And died there."

Her expression was stoic, but her voice was tinged with heavy emotions.

Eventually, the young Legacy shrugged.

"Well, the age gap between us was too big, so I did not know him well. I just thought I'd share... since you did first."

Rain looked at her quietly for a while, then turned away.

"Thank you for sharing."

With that, she pushed a skewer of roasted meat into Tamar's hand and rose to her feet.

"Now eat. I'll go scout the surroundings a bit."

Rain left the ruin and explored the area a little, eating the meat as she walked. Eventually, she made her way to the edge of the canyon.

All in all, the situation seemed much less dire than she had expected. There did not seem to be any more Nightmare Creatures around, which meant that they would probably be able to hide in the ruins for many days.

Now, she just needed to collect water.

Sitting at the edge of the canyon, Rain sighed and looked down, into its dark depths, waiting for the chasm to start weeping.

‘What will I use to collect water? Unless Tamar has a suitable Memory, her helmet will have to do…’

At that moment, her body suddenly tense, and her eyes widened.

Her expression froze.

Because she saw...

Out there in the depths of the canyon, a massive shadow was moving.

Grabbing onto the rocks with its countless hands.

**********


                                Chapter 1819: Pursued
--------------------
Rain froze, afraid to move.

There, below her, far away, something was moving In the darkness. Sunlight did not reach that deep Into the canyon, but she was still able to discern a vague and frightening shape.

The creature was immense and hunched, with countless arms protruding like a sinewy forest from its massive hump. She thought she saw a clawed hand reaching up to grab the weathered rocks, and in the next moment, an echoing sound of rolling stones rose from the canyon.

Rain's whole body grew tense.

The Awakened Tyrant they had fought before falling into the river seemed to be alive. Worse than that, it was here now, either by coincidence or because it had followed their scent.

For a moment, her heart was drowned with fear.

She had battled and slain many Nightmare Creatures. Most of the were dormant, while some were Awakened. The strongest of them had been the Huntsman... and barely survived that fight.

There was no chance that she would be able to survive a battle against an Awakened Tyrant. That creature was not something a mundane person could ever kill. Not even an Awakened would face it alone - even a full cohort was not always enough to deal with a Tyrant.

To rain, the hideous abomination was like a herald of death.

...Still, she forced herself to calm down. Fear was not going to help her

What would, though? Nothing came to mind.

‘Run. We must run.'

That was the only logical conclusion.

Forgetting to breathe, Rain slowly backed away from the edge, trembled as she turned her back to it, and silently rose to her feet. Then, She took several cautious steps forward, and broke into a sprint.

'Damn it, damn it, damn it...'

So much for hiding from danger in the ruins. So much for waiting for ten days. Not only had danger found them, but it was also of a kind that they had no hope against.

Rain glanced at her shadow and hesitated, not knowing if she should say something. Her teacher had been strangely silent since the morning, as if he wasn't there at all...

In the end, she didn't say anything.

Entering the ruins, she saw that Tamar was laying on the floor, staring at the ceiling with a bleak expression on her face. The younger girl was in terrible shape, so Rain had hoped that she would have an opportunity to rest and recover a little.

Sadly, that was not in the cards anymore.

Noticing Rain's hurried motions and grim expression, Tamar rose on an elbow and scowled.

"What's the matter?"

Rain was already rolling the strips of monster meat into her jacket, knowing that hunger and physical strain did not go well together. In the wilderness, food was life, and hunger was death.

"Get on the stretcher."

She paused for a moment, and then added darkly:

"The damned Tyrant has followed us. It is climbing up the canyon."

Tamar's eyes widened.

She froze for a moment, then gritted her teeth and silently crawled onto the makeshift stretcher.

Rain threw the rolled jacket to her, then grabbed the handles and grunted.

'Ah...'

The young Legacy girl wasn't exactly heavy, but she still weighed much more than Rain could carry comfortably. Worse still, that weight wasn't distributed evenly between her shoulders and waist, like that of a backpack would. Dragging her to the ruins was a bit of an exercise... but would Rain be able to drag the stretcher across many kilometers of rough terrain?

Not without killing herself, most likely.

'Curse it all!'

There was no time to think. For now, she had to create as much distance between them and the Tyrant as possible. There was still a possibility that the creature had been carried to this corner of the Moonriver Plain by the same current as them - so, It could have been here by coincidence. In that case, they still had a chance to escape.

If not...

"Let's go."

Rain dragged the stretcher out of the ruin and hesitated for a few moments, a lost look on her face.

Where were they supposed to head?

Every direction was the same - except for where the canyon, and the Tyrant, were. So, Rain felt inclined to rush in the opposite direction from the abomination, goin west.

But she decided to ask Tamar's opinion first. As if guessing her thoughts, the Legacy girl spoke quietly from the stretcher.

"The canyons of the Moonriver Plain typically stretch from north to south. We have been carried far south by the river - so, the main camp should be somewhere northwest of our position."

She hesitated a little, and then added:

"However, we don't know how far we were carried, exactly. It may be more prudent to head further south, instead. That way, we might reach the edge of the plain and find the Lake of Tears.”

The Lake of Tears and the great waterfall, Weeping Goddess, were where Clan Sorrow's Citadel stood.

Rain remained motionless for a few moments, considering her options.

The main construction camp of the road crew was northwest of their position. The Lake of Tears was somewhere south. The problem was that they did not know which one was closer.

Eventually, she decisively turned south.

Her choice was very simple, and had nothing to do with distance. She chose the Lake of Tears simply because they would have to follow along the canyon to reach it... which meant that they would most likely not have to cross other canyons on the way.

With Tamar incapacitated, crossing even one could become an insurmountable obstacle - not even taking into account that they might end up being pursued by an Awakened Tyrant. lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m. Wasting time was a luxury they did not have.

So, really, the Lake of Tears was not the best choice. It was simply the only choice.

Gritting her teeth, Rain strained her tired body and pulled the heavy stretcher south.

At that moment, she was thankful for the cloudy sky and the cold dribble. Even though her face and hair were already damp, the dust covering the stony plain had turned to mud. Because of that, it was easier to drag the stretcher across it.

She was still struggling, though.

'I'll need to come up with a better way.'

Somewhere behind them, there were more sounds of rocks falling deep in the canyon. The Tyrant was already close to crawling out of the darkness.

Rain hurried her steps.

**********


                                Chapter 1820: Waiting for Rain
--------------------
In the end, her worst expectations had not come true.

But it was very close.

The Tyrant had not happened to be there by coincidence. It was, in fact, following their scent. Rain saw from afar as its ugly shape rose from the canyon, pulling itself onto the stone with a dozen monstrous hands. The creature looked like a hideous giant that was on the verge of toppling under the weight of its bulging hump.

However, it wasn't really a hunchback. Instead, the mound on its back was simply there to allow for countless arms to protrude forward, all ending with terrifying claws.

The most eerie part was that the abomination looked vaguely human-like, as if it had been a person once. If it had, then it must have been eons ago.

After climbing out of the canyon, the Tyrant spent some time wandering near the edge, its oversized head low to the ground. Dragging Tamar away with all her might, Rain couldn't help but glance back, into the distance, from time to time.

She couldn't understand what the Tyrant was doing.

But when it wandered to the ruins, spent some time there, then stumbled south, she realized something.

The abomination was sniffing for their scent.

That would mean that they were done for... only it didn't. Because there was one detall playing to their advantage.

The Tyrant was blind.

Rain herself had blinded it, putting two arrows through its eyes. So, even though the creature seemed hellbent on following them, it couldn't simply rush in their direction. It had to follow their scent laboriously, stumbling across rough terrain as it forged a path forward.

Its hatred seemed to be truly boundless, though, because even after a few hours, the ghastly figure could still be seen far in the distance, wandering the plain in search of them. They couldn't lose it.

'Curses...'

Rain was slowly increasing the distance between them and the tyrant. Her arms were on fire, as if her muscles would melt at any moment. Her breathing had turned hoarse, and she felt like she was drowning. It took all of her resolve and determination to keep pushing forward, dragging the makeshift stretcher behind her.

Just a few hours had passed, and she was already in such a sorry state, So, despite the fact that the distance was increasing, Rain did not feel at ease.

That was because she knew that she wouldn't be able to keep this pace up indefinitely. More than that, once the night fell, they would have to stop.

She would need to rest. Tamar was not doing too well, either with her injuries, what she needed was to remain still and recuperate, not be jolted painfully every few moments as her stretcher dragged across bumps and creases. lіghtn\оvеlс\аvе~c`о\m. Her broken legs had to be a cause of constant torment.

Even if Rain could push through her exhaustion and Tamar could endure the rough handling, it was simply too dangerous to travel across the Moonriver Plain at night. Despite the abundance of moonlight, it would still be dark, and the fact that there was a Nightmare Creature pursuing them did not mean that there would be none ahead of them.

'Bad, bad. It's bad!'

Unlike them, the Tyrant did not need to rest. It was not afraid of the darkness, either. So, Rain had to get as far away from him as possible before nightfall, so that they would not be caught until dawn.

What would happen if the abomination did find them?

Sucking in a hoarse breath, Rain glanced at her shadow again.

Her teacher was mercurial and unfathomable, but she was pretty sure that he would not let her die.

What about Tamar, though? Would his benevolence extend to a stranger from a Legacy clan? She wasn't sure.

The lives of the survey team members were also tied to Tamar's life.

So, Rain could not stop.

'I'm going to die...'

It felt like she would die from the strain long before the abomination caught her.

And yet, she persisted.

...By the time the sun disappeared behind the horizon and the three moons rose into the sky, she could barely feel her hands. But she could not see the Tyrant anymore, either.

Rain found a stone mound to shield them from the wind and placed the stretcher down. Then, she simply fell to the ground, breathing heavily.

She was so tired that she couldn't move. Tamar wasn't much better, laying motionlessly on the stretcher. Her face was even paler than before.

The barren land was bathed in moonlight. In the darkness, its harsh desolation looked beautiful and shrouded in mystery. A myriad of bright stars shimmered in the sky, veiled here and there by heavy clouds.

"Rani... are you alive?"

Tamar's voice sounded weak.

Despite everything, Rain couldn't help but chuckle.

"It seems so."

After a while, she asked in a subdued tone:

"Do you think that the Queen's authority extends this far? If we die... will we turn into pilgrims?"

Tamar remained silent for a while, then sald evenly:

"Of course. Otherwise, you would have already fallen Into the First Nightmare."

Rain sighed. She couldn't argue with the truth.

Some time later, she finally mustered enough strength to sit up. Leaning on the cold surface of the stone mound, Rain stared at the sky dejectedly.

She was suffering from thirst even more than she did from physical exhaustion. So, she hoped that rain would come.

‘With a name like mine, can't the heavens be a little merciful?'

A strong enough downpour could wash away their scent, as well.

Deciding to be optimistic, Rain asked Tamar to summon her helmet.

They consumed some of the remaining meat in silence.

Afterwards, the young Legacy looked at her somberly and said in a subdued tone:

"...You can just leave me behind and save yourself, you know."

If Rain wasn't slowed down by the need to drag her wounded companion along, she would have had a much higher chance of escaping from the Tyrant. That much was obvious.

She scratched the back of her head and answered half-heartedly:

"Aren't we heading for the Lake of Tears? That is where your clan's Citadel is located. What am I supposed to say if I show up there alone? Sorry, 1 left your daughter to die because she was too heavy?  I doubt they'll welcome me warmly after that..."

Tamar looked at her silently for a few moments. Unexpectedly, a faint smile eventually appeared on her face.

"...I'm not that heavy."

Rain sighed.

"And I'm not that strong. Now... go to sleep. You need rest. We'll move on at dawn, so there's no time to waste. I'll take the first watch and wake you up at midnight."

Tamar wanted to say something, but just nodded silently in the end. It had been a terribly long day, and she must have been mentally exhausted from dealing with the pain and mental burden. Soon, her eyes closed, and she swiftly fell asleep.

Rain studied the sleeping girl's face for a few minutes, then took a deep breath and stared into the darkness.

Despite the terrible fatigue, despite being tormented by thirst... she still knew what she had to do.

'If you want to get out of here alive, all you need to do is Awaken.’

That was what her teacher had said.

So, Rain sat motionlessly, felt the flow of soul essence within her, and concentrated deeply, making it revolve faster and faster.

After a while...

She felt cold drops falling on her face. A minute later, the rain had turned heavy, shrouded the world with a rustling veil.

Never losing control of her essence, Rain smiled, picked up Tamar's helmet, and crawled out from beneath the overhanging stone ridge.

Placing the helmet on the ground, she allowed the downpour to pelt her freely and continued to force her essence into a raging whirlpool.

Deep within her soul, another grain of sand was being formed.

‘Teacher is always right…’

**********

