Shadow Slave - PART 127
Chapters 1261 to 1270
==============================


                                Chapter 1261 A Butterfly Flapping Its Wings
--------------------
There was a black dot in the sky, far in the distance, slowly moving in the direction of the dark island. At first, Sunny felt a glimmer of hope ignite in his heart as he remembered a similar situation from the past.

That time, it had turned out to be Kai.

But, this time...

This time, his intuition was ringing alarm bells, and a cold feeling of dread crept from somewhere to grip him with icy claws.

Sitting on the Shadow Chair with his legs crossed, Sunny leaned back and sighed.

"...Crap."

With that, he exploded with a flurry of activity.

First, Sunny dismissed his precious chair and dashed toward the middle of the island. At the same time, he sent a mental command to Saint.

Nephis and she were currently engaged in a furious sword fight. Light and darkness were intertwined in a shimmering whirlpool of sharp steel, and the graceful knight's onyx figure was starkly contrasted against the rippling white tunic and alabaster skin of her slender opponent.

Following Sunny's order, Saint froze. The tip of Neph's sword stopped a split second later, hovering millimeters away from the slit of her visor.

Nephis frowned, then retracted her sword and looked around.

There was a shadow on a rock outcropping that protruded from the ground a few meters away. It seemed to belong to a young man, and was currently waving its arms in the air while pointing at the sky.

She swiftly turned around and looked up, then dashed away a moment later.

'That's done...'

Running as fast as he could, Sunny leaped over a murky puddle of water and landed near a half-eaten fragment of tarnished silver. The scrawny figure of Imp could be seen nearby, laying on the ground with a blissful smile on his fiendish face. His hands were rubbing his ballooning belly with delight.

"Stand up, buddy!"

The gluttonous goblin opened his eyes and stared at Sunny in confusion, then awkwardly tried to rise to his feet. However, outweighed by his full stomach, Imp lost his balance and promptly plopped back down.

"Ah, we don't have time for this!"

Sunny leaned down, grabbed the weakly struggling fiend, and hoisted him on his shoulder.

'What... the hell...'

Just how much had the little bastard swallowed up?!

Even with the strength of an Ascended Tyrant, Sunny was struggling to carry Imp. His veins swelled, and a befuddled expression appeared on his face. Commanding the shadows to wrap themselves around his body, he grunted and continued to run.

A dozen seconds later, Sunny reached the edge of the familiar fissure and unceremoniously tossed the little fiend down. Then, he threw one more look at the sky and, noticing that the black dot had already drawn nearer, jumped into the deep ravine himself.

Before too long, Nephis and he were side by side, pressing themselves into the weathered slope of the fissure as they desperately tried to calm down their breathing. Saint and Fiend were nearby, the former standing calmly, the latter hugging Sunny's thigh.

Nightmare was there as well, hiding within the deep darkness enveloping the bottom of the gorge in his shadow form.

Lastly, a beautiful amphora of white clay was standing on the ground in front of them, its surface decorated with mesmerizing patterns. It was another one of the Memories Summer Knight had given to Nephis, and its purpose was to mask their presence.

...Gods only knew if the amphora was going to work or not.

Out of Sunny's five shadows, one had to volunteer to leave its area of effect and serve as a scout, though.

Well... perhaps "volunteer" was the wrong word.

Since the gloomy shadow had performed a few dangerous tasks recently, and the happy fool was not someone Sunny would ever entrust an important matter to, the next in seniority had to go. So, the creepy guy was currently hiding a few meters away from the edge of the fissure, staring creepily at the sky.

The Sin of Solace was keeping it company with a bored expression on his face.

The sparks swirling around Sunny's hand formed into an emerald flute, and he covered them with a dome of silence. Then, he let out a shaky breath.

"I... I see it."

Nephis looked at him intently, then asked in a low voice:

"What is it?"

Sunny lingered for a few moments.

Slowly, his expression turned grim.

"It's a... butterfly."

Indeed, a butterfly was descending toward the island. From afar, it seemed like an ethereal and beautiful creature. But as it drew closer, Sunny couldn't help but shiver.

The butterfly's wings and back were black, but its body and underbelly were the color of white bone. It had six long, seemingly fragile legs that ended in sharp points, and two enormous, faceted eyes that were like orbs of pure darkness. Between them was a disturbingly long, oily-black beak, which was currently bent into a spiral like an elephant's trunk. Two antennae rose from its head, pushed back by the current of the wind.

...Apart from that, the butterfly was at least a hundred meters in size.

It was both exquisitely beautiful and deeply revolting. But, most of all, it was deeply frightening.

Sunny gritted his teeth.

"It's another Great Monster."

His heart was beating rapidly in his chest, and his back was covered with cold sweat.

'Great. This is just great! Great... ha, it literally is...'

By his side, Nephis scowled.

"What about..."

The monstrous butterfly was obviously intending to land on the island, but at that moment, the crimson water parted, and the Azure Serpent's scaled snout rose into the air. Pierced by a mad gaze of its cloudy eyes, the Great Monster suddenly seemed wary.

It moved its wings and altered the direction of its flight, circling the corpse of the Black Turtle from above instead of diving down to land on the black rock. The butterfly's huge eyes were aimed at the ancient serpent, and its antennae twitched rhythmically.

The great beast of the river bared its bloodied fangs and let out a furious roar, as if announcing its claim of the remains of the titanic turtle.

'This demented old snake...'

Did the serpent not want to live? Why was it going around challenging Great Monsters?'

'Am I really such a delicacy?!'

Sunny did not know what the giant butterfly was thinking, but one thing was certain.

It did not like that serpent's challenge. It did not like it at all...

**********


                                Chapter 1262 A Shrimp Between Two Whales
--------------------
Sunny described what was happening in a hushed voice. He didn't really need to whisper, considering that they were surrounded by a dome of silence, but it made him feel better.

And what was happening... appeared pretty clear.

The monstrous butterfly had been attracted by the smell of blood and arrived to feast on the corpse of the Black Turtle that the Azure Serpent had so laboriously killed. The Azure Serpent, meanwhile, was having none of it.

In fact, judging by the madness burning in its eyes, the Great Beast was overcome with the bloody desire to rip the giant butterfly apart as well.

'This thing... really doesn't know what's good for it, huh?'

What was the reason for the Azure Serpent's reckless insolence?

Humans often described Nightmare Creatures as mad, but that description was not entirely accurate. The abominations were indeed insane, but that did not mean that they lacked sanity. Rather, it meant that their sanity was perverted, sinister, ineffable, and entirely different from what humans deemed sane.

So why would the Great Beast risk its life fighting much more powerful Monsters?

Was it indeed madness? Was it pride? Was it reluctance to give up such an enormous prize?

...Or was it more reluctant to surrender two human souls that burned the flames of divinity to the stronger abomination?

Whatever the reason was, the stubborn leviathan seemed ready to battle the monstrous butterfly to the death.

The butterfly let out an indescribable sound. The waters of the Great River suddenly grew restless, rippling as they were assaulted by the powerful sonic waves. The serpent roared again, rising higher above the river's tumultuous surface.

"I think they are going to fight."

Sunny was not sure what it meant for the two of them. He was belatedly happy about his decision to abandon the skies and seek shelter on the shell of the Black Turtle... if something like that butterfly had caught him in the air, he would have surely been dead in an instant.

However, now that Nephis and he were trapped on the dark island, their fates seemed to be swaying on the edge of a perilous abyss. They were deeply unsure of their ability to slay a Great Beast... but a Great Monster was far more dreadful.

They were only alive now because the Azure Serpent either lacked the ability or was reluctant to crawl out of the water. If the abominable butterfly won the battle, though, nothing was going to stop it from doing just that. Then, their shelter would turn into a deadly trap.

So, no matter how strange it sounded, Sunny had no choice but to root for the familiar Great Beast that had been staring at them hungrily for many days, wishing to swallow them whole.

The Azure Serpent had already killed one Great Monster... maybe the mad snake would be able to pull off another miracle.

Finally coming to a decision, the butterfly waved its wings and plummeted down, landing on the shell of the Black Turtle a moment later. The entire island shook from the devastating force of the impact.

The creepy shadow remained motionless as it looked up at the six incredibly thin and long legs of the monster. The pale body of the butterfly was high above the ground, and its wings were open, covering a vast area in deep darkness. Now that it was closer, Sunny could see that it was covered in thick scales, with white hairs growing between them.

There was a complicated pattern on the creature's wings, as well, coalescing into a strange image... an image... and image of...

Sunny hurriedly commanded the shadow to look away as a strange certainty that he should never, ever try to look directly at the pattern covering the butterfly's wings flooded his mind.

'D-damnation...'

"Sunny? What is happening?"

He sucked in a shaky breath.

"They're just... staring at each other..."

The butterfly shifted slightly, the sharp tips of its chitinous legs striking sparks from the black rock. Its trunk-like mouth slowly unfurled, turning into a fearsome black spear dozens of meters long.

The abomination let out another harrowing screech, then suddenly struck the surface of the dead turtle's shell with its beak. One, two, three times... the island quaked, but not even a thin crack appeared on the rock. The butterfly froze for a moment, then twisted its head, looking at the Azure Serpent.

It seemed reluctant to go into the water.

'Well... of course. One is a flying abomination, and the other is a sea creature. The butterfly has to go into the water if it wants to gorge on the Black Turtle's meat, but that would mean fighting the Azure Serpent... and on the enemy's home ground, no less.'

Maybe... maybe it would simply retreat.

Just as Sunny thought that, the butterfly suddenly folded its wings and lunged forward.

There was no hesitation, no warning. Just a deafening sonic boom and a harrowing black and white blur that suddenly shot toward the serpent like a gigantic javelin.

A hurricane gale rose from the confounding fury of the Great Monster's lunge.

"It's attacking!"

A split second later, an enormous pillar of foaming crimson water rose into the sky. The serpent seemed to have managed to avoid the abominable butterfly's obliterating charge. However, its sharp legs tore at the sea creature's azure body.

"They're fighting."

Nephis remained silent for a few moments, then gave him a strange look.

"Sunny... where are they fighting, in relation to our position?"

He stared at her in confusion, then said:

"Below water, to the left of the turtle's tail."

She lingered a bit, then took a deep breath.

"Then, they're on the opposite side from the turtle's head. Where the entry wound is. So... while the serpent is preoccupied... shall we dive down and harvest some meat?"

He opened his mouth, startled.

Then, he slowly closed it again.

"Dive down? Harvest meat? Are you... are you crazy?!"

'Damn... I said it again!'

Nephis looked at him very seriously and shook her head.

"No, I'm not crazy. I'm... hungry."

**********


                                Chapter 1263 Sea of Blood
--------------------
What they were trying to do did, indeed, seem a little crazy. There were two great abominations fighting on one side of the Black Turtle, and Nephis wanted to dive into the water on the other side to steal some of the turtle's meat.

Because she was hungry.

But, of course, it was really not that unhinged of a plan. She had not suggested it out of a burning desire to satiate her belly - rather, it was out of necessity. The longer they were to go hungry, the weaker they would become. The weaker they became, the slimmer their chances of survival would be.

Neither Nephis nor Sunny knew if they would get a better chance to harvest the Black Turtle's meat than now, when the Azure Serpent was distracted. In fact, they did not even know if they would live long enough to enjoy the fruits of this perilous decision.

If the monstrous butterfly won, they would probably die soon. But there was nothing they could really do about that... so, the only thing they could do was prepare for the other outcome to the best of their ability.

Grimacing, Sunny looked away and shook Imp off his thigh.

"Curses..."

Then, he gritted his teeth and started climbing out of the fissure.

'Hungry... she's hungry... hungry, is she?! Just... just what sin did I commit in my past life to be cursed with all these gluttonous women?!'

Oblivious to his heartfelt plea, Nephis followed.

It took Sunny just a few moments to scale the vertical slope of the deep fissure and climb onto the quaking surface of the dark island. It was shaking and swaying, pushed by the harrowing fury of the unseen battle that was happening below the waves.

A split second later, Saint landed nearby, and a vast shadow crawled from the darkness to take the shape of a tenebrous steed. Neph arrived last, slowed down a little by the need to carry the fragile amphora in one of her hands.

Imp had been left in the relative safety of the fissure, since he was of no use in the current situation.

Sunny and Nephis glanced at each other, and then broke into a sprint without having to say anything. Their goal was the end of the island beneath which the Black Turtle's enormous head was floating in the crimson water.

It was also where the Azure Serpent had broken through the Great Monster's silver armor and burrowed into its flesh, leaving behind a gaping wound. Since the scales of the creature were all but impervious, the meat could only be harvested from inside such a spot.

As they were nearing the point where the shell of the Black Turtle started to slope down at a steep angle, Sunny sighed and dismissed the Shroud of Dusk. Left in just his underwear, he ignored Neph's strange gaze and summoned the Nimble Catch and the Essence Pearl instead.

"...I've traded a couple of Memories just for such an occasion from the House of Night."

She lingered for a moment, then looked away.

"Oh."

While the Nimble Catch was weaving itself from the sparks of light, Sunny threw a glance at his body and frowned a little. He had always been lean, and while his muscles simply refused to gain bulk, they had been like taut steel wire cables ever since the Forgotten Shore.

Now, however, they had become a little bit too sculpted and defined. His abs were really like a washboard... which was not good at all. He had lost a lot of weight during the hellish journey through the Nightmare Desert and the days of hunger on the carcass of the Black Turtle. His body was all skin and muscle, with no fat left.

Which meant that it would start to devour itself next.

Some men strived for such a physique, but for Sunny, who had grown up in the outskirts, it was a worrying sign.

'We really need to get that meat.'

As the strange garb woven out of a fisherman's net covered his pale skin, he noticed that Nephis was giving him a sideways glance again, for some reason.

Slightly confused, he said:

"Summon that..."

But he did not have to say anything. The familiar golden rope was already manifesting in her hands.

They needed to dive into the tumultuous red water to harvest the monster's meat, but they didn't have to be stupid about it. If something happened, Sunny could swiftly pull them away through the shadows - however, finding a proper shadow to dive into was hard underwater. And since the Great River was in the throes of the battle between the Azure Serpent and the monstrous butterfly, its current could easily pull Sunny and Nephis apart.

She threw him one end of the golden rope, and he hastily tied it around his left wrist while she tied the other end around her right.

At the same time, light swirled around Neph's slender legs and formed into two silver anklets. Sunny stared at them in confusion for a moment before realizing that their function had to be similar to the Nimble Catch.

He was a bit envious. Hers was not an armor-type Memory, so she did not have to dismiss the white tunic...

'Ah. I want to be sponsored by a guilt-ridden Saint too...'

Holding the black bow, Saint took a position that gave her a perfect view of the head of the dead monster and the seething water surrounding it. Her task was to protect... or at least try to protect them should either the serpent or the butterfly arrive.

Nightmare's could not help her in case the former showed up, but if the latter did, his speed would have to assist Saint in leading the butterfly away. The amphora was placed beside them.

Sunny and Nephis looked at each other one last time, then dashed forward and simultaneously jumped.

The wind whistled in his ears. A few moments later, Sunny hit the crimson water and was instantly swallowed by it.

It was like he had dove into a sea of blood.

Everything around him was murky and red. Despite his best efforts, Sunny was momentarily disoriented, but regained his bearings after feeling a sharp tug on the golden rope. He found Neph through shadow sense, and followed her as she swam forward with purpose.

She had already done this once, after all. Granted... there had not been two Great Nightmare Creatures creating a storm nearby at that time...

'We need to be fast.'

Breathing with the help of the Essence Pearl, Sunny swam through the crimson waters of the Great River.

**********


                                Chapter 1264 Gaping Wound
--------------------
Guided by a golden rope that glowed faintly into the red murkiness, Sunny swam forward. The waters of the river of time, mixed with the crimson blood of a Great Monster, were cold and tumultuous. The battle of two harrowing abominations had turned them into a whirlpool of raging currents.

'Just how far is this wound...'

Suddenly, Sunny saw something enormous appear from the murky red darkness and shuddered. He was swimming past the giant eye of the titanic turtle, now hollow and devoid of light. His figure was like a speck of dust in front of it.

The Azure Serpent had long feasted on the Black Turtle's left eye, but the right still remained. Even though Sunny knew that the ancient behemoth was dead, he couldn't help but feel as if it was staring at him.

Looking away, he pushed himself through the water.

'We're not far from the creature's neck, then.'

Every second could be their last, so Sunny was tense. The battle of the dreadful abominations could shift in their direction at any moment. More than that... the Nimble Catch allowed him to swim with great speed, and Neph's silver anklets were the same. However, she did not seem to possess a Memory similar to the Essence Pearl, and had to hold her breath.

They simply couldn't linger.

Fortunately, the dark thoroughfare of the turtle's enormous neck emerged from the cloudy redness soon. It was encased in massive bands of tarnished silver, which overlapped to form a flexible, but impenetrable armor.

Sunny caught up with Nephis as they followed the road of silver to the point where the monster's neck ended. There, its armor was torn apart and bent, sharp jagged edges surrounded by bloody foam. The stench of blood was much stronger here, and the water was much darker.

Nephis changed her direction, knowing where to go.

A dozen seconds later, they reached the gaping wound in the body of the Great Monster. Sunny froze for a moment.

'That...'

The Azure Serpent had not just ripped a chunk of flesh out of the Black Turtle's flesh, it actually burrowed inside like a hungry worm, tore through the insides of the monster, and then crawled out from a similar wound under one of the creature's flippers.

As a result, the wound in front of them was like a dark tunnel, not too different from the one through which he had guided the convoy of refugees in the Antarctica Center. The scale of it...

Was humbling.

'I actually said that I can kill that damned snake, didn't I?'

Nephis tugged on the rope to get his attention, then pointed forward.

Struggling against unexplainable fear, Sunny reluctantly pushed himself in that direction. At that moment, the entire corpse of the Black Turtle tilted, impacted by the shockwave of the terrifying clash between the Azure Serpent and the invading butterfly. It swayed slowly, and the dark tunnel of the harrowing wound started to move up.

By the time they reached it, half of the gaping, bloody hole was above the surface of the water, while the other half was still submerged in it. A red current was flowing out, trying to push them away. Sunny gritted his teeth and struggled against the flow, eventually entering the dark tunnel.

Then, however, the current was reversed, and a great amount of water flowed into the body of the dead monster, pulling them deeper inside.

'Crap!'

Sunny was carried into the depths of the Black Turtle's corpse with dire speed, slamming against its flesh and holding tightly to the golden rope. After what felt like an eternity, the current grew weak, and he managed to climb onto something solid.

Sunny pulled on the rope, and a second later, Nephis appeared from the water as well. She raised her hand, igniting a wisp of white flame on it to illuminate their surroundings.

He took a deep breath, suddenly realizing how close the two of them were standing.

After taking a bath in the diluted blood of the Black Turtle, both looked like a horror show... however, Sunny couldn't help but notice how tightly Neph's wet tunic stuck to her body, and how close to transparent the light fabric became.

He shifted slightly, then forcibly tore his gaze away and studied the dark tunnel of the Great Monster's bleeding flesh.

It looked... exactly like one would imagine such a place to look. Not that people had reasons to try and imagine something so morbidly bizarre.

The walls of the tunnel, which was mostly consumed by darkness, were uneven, spongy, and red. The lower half of it was covered by tumultuous water, while the upper half was filled with an almost unbearable stench of blood. Rivers of red were flowing from the walls and the ceiling, mixing with the dark water below.

Sunny and Nephis were standing on one of the vertebrae of the Black Turtle, which protruded from the bottom of the tunnel like a pale pink mountain. While he was looking around, she was breathing heavily.

"So, now..."

Before he could finish the sentence, the carcass of the Great Monster quaked once again, and the two of them were almost thrown off the slippery bone. Sunny had to grab Nephis to prevent her from plummeting back into the seething water.

A moment later, he realized that they were embracing, their bodies pressed tightly against each other. He could feel the softness and the heat of her skin through the thin fabric of the white tunic.

Her striking grey eyes were close... too close... as well.

Forgetting what he was going to say, Sunny remained motionless for a few moments.

Then, he made sure that Nephis had regained her balance and carefully let her go.

"So... now... all we have to do is carve some meat. Right?"

She cleared her throat, then raised the wisp of flame higher and looked away.

"Uh... uh... right. And return alive."

Sunny let out a shaky sigh.

'Sure. One thing at a time...'

**********


                                Chapter 1265 Dirty Job
--------------------
Sunny had to spend a few moments calming down his wildly beating heart. Then, he looked around once again.

The situation… was much better than he had expected it to be.

He really had not considered that the grotesque tunnel left behind by the Azure Serpent would be only partially drowned. Slicing through the flesh of a Great Monster was no easy task, and doing so underwater would have been even harder. More than that, he was less restricted in the use of Shadow Step now.

But, most importantly, he could summon the Covetous Coffer.

Opening the alloy chest underwater would have just resulted in the spatial storage being instantly filled with water. Now that they stood on a solid surface, things were different… of course, the tunnel could be flooded at any moment, so they had to hurry.

Sunny looked at Nephis and flashed her a smile.

"Let's be quick!"

The sparks of light swirled around them, manifesting into Memories. Neph's flame was replaced by a luminous paper lantern, and a sizable alloy chest appeared on the porous pink surface of the Great Monster's bone.

A moments later, their weapons manifested, t...

"Am I reduced to a mere butcher's cleaver? Ah… such humiliation…"

Sunny almost yelped when a familiar figure emerged from the darkness. The Sin of Solace looked somberly at his disheveled appearance, then shook his head. He was still clad in the Shroud of Graceless Dusk, not to mention perfectly dry.

"Damn fool."

Sunny whispered a stifled curse and commanded the shadows to wrap themselves around the jade blade of the cursed sword, which Sunny whispered a stifled curse and commanded the shadows to wrap themselves around the jade blade of the cursed sword, which had manifested itself a split second before. Then, he hissed:

"Gods, you almost gave me a heart attack."

Nephis froze for a moment and looked at him with a slightly startled expression.

"Oh… did I? Sorry…"

Sunny's eyes widened.

"No, not you! I wasn't talking… ah, never mind."

The Sin of Solace observed him with a small, disdainful smile.

"I must say. This is a peculiar location for a date. Harvesting monster meat from inside the monster… I hope you won't force the poor girl to cook the meal herself, at least?"

Struggling to ignore the bastard, Sunny threw the lid of the Covetous Coffer open and then moved closer to the wall of the flesh tunnel. Pushing down the feeling of disgust, he gritted his teeth and thrust the jian forward.

It was so strange. The taste of the Black Turtle's meat was truly sublime. But the source of it… was so… revolting...

'Damn it.'

One of the enchantments of the Sin of Solace made it incredibly sharp, and it had been augmented by the shadows on top of that. And yet, cutting into the flesh of the dead Great Monster felt like he was trying to cut stone with a rusty blade.

Sunny had known that harvesting the turtle's meat would not be easy, just from the fact that chewing it was a tough task. However, the actual difficulty of trying to slice off a sizable chunk of the abomination's flesh was even greater than he had expected. Its durability in an uncooked state was simply preposterous.

'If that's hard, then how am I going to fight one of these things in the future?'

With no other choice, Sunny concentrated on the task. Taut muscles rolled under his skin as he put all his strength into it, and the jade blade cut deeper with excruciating slowness. Nephis was just as strained, using a sharp dagger instead of her longsword. Its blade was glowing with incandescent light, and her face was pale. Despite that, her progress was not much faster than his.

The dark island continued to sway and quake around them, making the water filling the morbid tunnel roll and slosh. Carving the meat was hard, and doing it while struggling to keep balance was especially hard. Nevertheless, they continued, sometimes using each other for support.

'This is taking too long…'

Sunny had hoped to fill the Covetous Coffer to the brim, but now he realized how unrealistic his lofty desires were. At this rate, it would be good if they managed to harvest enough to feed them for a few days. Of course, as long as the battle between the Azure Serpent and the eerie butterfly did not end or shift in their direction, there was still time.

And just as he threw the first chunk of meat into the maw of the alloy chest, the carcass of the Black Turtle quaked again. This time, however, there was something different about the tremor — instead of being pushed to the side, Sunny had almost been thrown up into the air.

Nephis and he abruptly stopped, looking at each other. Sunny's mouth was suddenly very dry.

"...They are below us now."

The whole plan was hinged on the fact that the massive bulk of the Black Turtle would protect them from the two battling abominations. Now, the area of the battle was shifting, and the creatures were already below the dark island.

This meant that they were moving in the direction of the turtle's head.

Neph's eyes shone in the gloomy darkness as they reflected the glow of her scorching dagger. She lingered for a moment.

"What do you want to do?"

Sunny paused for a bit, then gritted his teeth.

"We've already taken the risk. Returning with empty hands would mean that it was all for nothing. We'll have to wait for a chance to do it all over again, and even if such a chance presents itself, we'll be much weaker by then. So… let's continue. I can pull us back through the shadows, anyway."

Nephis nodded in agreement, prompting them to return to the arduous task of carving the turtle's flesh. Both of them were much more tense now.

A few more slabs of meat fell into the Covetous Coffer, and at the same time, the shockwaves traveling through the island showed that the battling abominations were drawing closer to the creature's head.

Eventually, Sunny lowered his bloodied hands and grimaced.

"That's enough. It is too dangerous now."

Closing the lid of the alloy chest, he dismissed it and froze for a moment, concentrating his perception on the haughty shadow. He had left it with Saint and Nightmare, so it had a good view of the turbulent waters surrounding the Black Turtle's head.

…The water had been turbulent before, but now, it was simply boiling. Bloody foam was undulating like a stormy sea, and two enormous shadows could be seen far below, intertwined with each other.

They were just under the entrance to the gaping wound at the base of the titanic turtle's neck.

'Time to go.'

Grabbing Neph's hand, Sunny pulled the two of them into the shadow.

But...

Nothing happened.

The shadows remained ethereal and elusive, as if he had never possessed the ability to dive into their dark embrace.

Sunny froze, then slowly looked down.

He was still standing on the slippery pink bone.

Shadow Step had failed to activate.

**********


                                Chapter 1266 Unexpected Complication
--------------------
"What's wrong?"

"What's wrong?"

Two identical questions sounded at the same time, but they couldn't be more different. Neph's voice was tinged with a hint of sincere concern, while the voice of the sword wraith was full of biting mockery.

Sunny was motionless for a few moments, still holding Nephis by her hand. He shivered slightly after his second attempt to use Shadow Step failed, and she must have felt it.

He looked up at her and hesitated. When he spoke, his voice sounded hollow:

"My Ability… doesn't seem to work anymore."

An insidious fear suddenly drowned his heart, and at the same time, the dark island quaked again… the source of the tremor much closer than it had been before.

The fear was irrational and animalistic. It had little to do with their perilous situation, and more with that fact that his powers had abandoned him without a warning. It was as though he had suddenly found himself missing a limb. There was disbelief, confusion, dread… and, finally, terror.

It took all his willpower to push that terror down.

The Sin of Solace laughed.

Ignoring it, Sunny forced himself to speak:

"Just… just give me a moment."

He had no idea why Shadow Step, which had never failed him before, was suddenly ineffective. Perhaps something was wrong with the shadows populating the insides of the Black Turtle… if so, there was an easy way to check.

A few moments later, the Shadow Lantern appeared in his hand, and a flood of shadows flowed out of its open gate. However, the result was the same — it was not the shadows that were wrong, but Sunny himself.

"Ah… ah, really… such an idiot!"

The damned sword wraith was having the time of his life.

Sunny clenched his fists, then uttered through gritted teeth:

"I don't seem to be able to bring us away, at the moment. S—sorry…"

Nephis frowned, then carefully looked around. After a short pause, she suddenly said:

"In hindsight… it makes sense."

Feeling a sudden sense of hope, he raised an eyebrow.

"It does?"

She nodded.

"It is a Great Monster, after all, and we are inside its body. A creature like that would have protections against someone like you bypassing its fearsome armor by teleporting directly inside. The Black Turtle is dead, but some of its defenses must still remain… perhaps if the gap in power between us wasn't so vast, your Ability could have still tore through them."

Sunny remained silent for a few moments.

"...Why didn't I think about that before?"

Nephis shook her head.

"I didn't, either. Don't bl… don't you think that blaming yourself is too much? We couldn't have known. We've never faced an enemy such as this."

She was right, but she was also wrong. Sunny might not have tried to enter the body of a colossal enemy through Shadow Step before, but he saw how the Azure Serpent had killed the Black Turtle. He could have at least considered the possibility of doing something similar…

In any case, everything seemed simple in hindsight. He winced, then looked at Nephis silently. As if reading his thoughts, she guided her flames from the blade of the incandescent dagger, through her body, and into his.

But the result was the same. Shadow Step was refusing to activate.

After feeling the warmth of Neph's flame leaving him, Sunny drew in a shaky breath and belatedly realized that he was still holding her hand.

...He was in no hurry to let go, finding it reassuring.

A deep frown appeared on Sunny's face as he looked in the direction of the entrance of the tunnel. Right now, the Azure Serpent and the Great Monster it was fighting were exceedingly close to the gaping wound, making the prospect of leaving the way they had come absolutely lethal.

What were their options, though? Staying here was tantamount to death, as well.

'Actually… there is a third option.'

Sunny turned around and looked into the depths of the tunnel, then pulled Nephis forward.

"Let's go. The entrance is blocked, but there's still the exit. The old snake burrowed right through, didn't it? The exit wound is on the other side of the turtle's body, under its flipper. We'll escape through there and climb back onto the island."

That was the most rational decision he could make.

The two of them hesitated for a moment, and then dove back into the seething water. Shortening the length of the golden rope to keep them closer to each other, Sunny and Nephis swam through the diluted blood of the slain behemoth. Even though fighting against the current was incredibly hard, they moved further away from the harrowing battle with each stroke.

'Hurry… hurry…'

Sunny felt a dire urgency and pushed himself forward with as much strength as he could muster. The tunnel was not that long… the entity body of the Black Turtle spanned less than two kilometers, and the bloody path the Azure Serpent had burrowed through had to be half that. Of course, it was twisting and turning, and the chaotic movement of the water made it difficult to advance.

But still. They were going to reach the exit soon.

As they swam, they witnessed more signs of the destruction that the great river beast had wrecked, both when killing the Black Turtle and while feeding on its flesh later on. The walls of the tunnel sometimes expanded into vast caverns where the turtle's organs had been, now torn to pieces and completely obliterated. Pieces of bone and tough cartilage protruded from the darkness.

Sunny found it all both grotesque and strangely, darkly mesmerizing.

'I am swimming through a Great Monster. I feel like it's a dream…"

Well, it was. A Nightmare, to be precise.

Just as they passed the middle point of the tunnel and felt the current change, pulling them in the direction of their goal, he suddenly noticed something strange. Out there, a small distance in front of them… it was as though something was softly shining in the darkness. The glow was so faint that Sunny thought that he was mistaken, but the next time his head broke the surface, he saw it again.

After hesitating for a moment, he suddenly pulled on the golden rope and pushed his tired body against the current once again, trying to make his way to the source of the strange glow.

Nephis and Sunny climbed onto a frayed piece of cartilage and looked at the wall of the tunnel. Out there, hidden in the folds of torn flesh…

He took a deep breath.

…Was an enormous, radiant crystal that shone with ethereal light.

It was one of the two Supreme soul shards that the death of the Black Turtle would have left behind.

Sunny briefly glanced at Nephis, then summoned the Covetous Coffer once more. The shard was too large to fit into the opening of the alloy chest, so he concentrated and changed it, keeping the shape but changing the size.

A few moments later, the alloy chest seemed more like an alloy sarcophagus fit for a giant… or someone like the shadowspawn.

'I can't believe it. We came down to harvest some meat, but ended up with something like that.Gods… I can't even imagine how much it would cost in the waking world. Actually, it wouldn't have a cost. These things are so rare that they can't be bought with money.'

Even though they were pressed for time, he just couldn't let this chance slip through his fingers.

"Neph… can you help me?"

Together, they hacked at the fold of the turtle's flesh to widen the opening, and then used all their strength to lift the massive soul shard and load it into the opened maw of the Covetous Coffer.

After that, they had to plunge into the water again.

Several torturous minutes later, Sunny and Nephis used the silver chains at the side of the island to scale the slope of the Black Turtle's shell, and fell side by side on the rocks in exhaustion.

Knowing how Neph would look in her wet tunic, Sunny refused to turn his head and instead stared at the sky. The warm feeling of their arms touching was enough for him.

They needed to move… to hide… but he was too tired.

'Just a few moments...'

Sunny took a deep breath and tried to calm down a little. Then, he suddenly let out a low chuckle.

'Ah… but it's funny.'

After examining the Estuary Key, he had thought it impossible to collect one, let alone six Supreme soul shards. The idea itself seemed utterly preposterous.

And yet, here he was just a couple of weeks later, in possession of one. It had just fallen into his hands, almost on its own.

A strange shiver ran up his spine.

It was then that Nephis suddenly raised her hand and whispered.

"Look…"

In the sky above the island, the monstrous butterfly was spreading its black wings once again.

**********


                                Chapter 1267 Candlelight
--------------------
Sunny and Nephis scrambled in an attempt to find a hiding spot… but there was no need.

Their first thought was that the dreadful butterfly had won the battle against the Azure Serpent. If that was the case, then their fates would be sealed. However, a moment later, a deafening roar shook the world, pushing them to the ground.

Turning to the stormy waters of the Great River, they saw a familiar creature rising to the surface.

The serpent was looking the worse for wear, with countless deep lacerations covering its mighty body. Streams of scarlet blood were flowing down its azure scales, and its giant eyes seemed even more deranged than usual. Flames of indescribable, murderous malice were burning in their cloudy depths — but, for once, that malice was not directed at the two humans.

Instead, it was aimed at the battered butterfly.

Now that Sunny and Nephis had a few moments to observe the Great Monster in detail, they noticed that it was in a sorry state, too. One of its six legs was missing, and there was an ugly tear on one of its beautiful wings. Its body looked strangely disheveled, and although none of the white scales covering it were missing, many of them were covered with thin cracks.

The Great Monster was retreating.

Sunny froze, momentarily stunned. Even though he had hoped that the Azure Serpent would win the battle against the much stronger Nightmare Creature, he could not quite believe that it actually happened.

'Old snake… just what damned kind of abomination are you?'

It was already miraculous for a Great Beast to defeat a Great Monster. Two of them, though? While not impossible, it was certainly abnormal. Even if the monstrous butterfly was an aerial creature, and was thus at a disadvantage while fighting underwater, the tenacity of the Azure Serpent was confounding.

Sunny stared at the bloodied leviathan somberly. As if sensing his gaze, the serpent lowered its snout and glared back at him.

Crimson water was flowing out of its slightly opened maw.

He shivered.

'...It's no mere Beast.'

Indeed, he should have known. His luck wasn't good enough to stumble on just any Great Beast. No, it surely had to be some kind of unique and singular existence… a damn monarch among all Beasts. [Fated] wouldn't have it any other way.

Maybe it was no coincidence that the Azure Serpent had come from much further upstream than the other two abominations.

'Ah, curse it.'

Sunny felt conflicted. On the one hand, he should be ecstatic about the fact that the harrowing butterfly was retreating. On the other hand, the ancient river serpent seemed much more dangerous now.

The butterfly, meanwhile, was swiftly rising higher and higher.

…However, it didn't leave.

Instead of disappearing into the distance, the Great Monster turned into a black dot once again and started to slowly circle the island from above. It looked like the creature was not giving up on the carcass of the Black Turtle, just recovering its strength and biding its time to make another attempt.

The Azure Serpent threw one last hateful glance at it, and then dove into the water with an angry hiss. Soon, the island shook slightly, hinting that the abomination was devouring more of the turtle's meat, perhaps to restore its power.

The tumultuous water slowly calmed down.

Left in the sudden silence, Sunny and Nephis stared at the vast expanse of the Great River in exhaustion. After a while, he slowly exhaled.

"I guess… it seems we survived."

She nodded slowly.

"Yeah. I'll… I'll go find a deep pond."

Sunny blinked a couple of times

'Huh?'

What was she talking about?

"A pond? Why?"

He looked at her in confusion, prompting Nephis to sigh.

"...Why do you think? We just took a bath in a river of blood. I want to wash myself, of course."

Sunny tilted his head, only now realizing how nasty Nephis looked.

Well… he was no better.

A sly smile appeared on his lips. Suddenly feeling mischievous, Sunny asked:

"Can I join?"

She was already turning away.

"No. Go find your own pond… if you want."

He laughed.

"Wait, wait! What if I drown? Those fissures are very deep, you know!"

Nephis scoffed.

"If you do drown, maybe take the meat out of that storage Memory first. It will be sad if it just disappears, after everything we went through…"

Sunny watched her go. The silver anklets were singing a quiet melody as they bounced with each graceful step.

Eventually, he shook his head in dejection.

"Does she only care about the meat? How heartless…"

***

Later that day, when the seven suns had already plunged into the water, Sunny and Nephis were back in their makeshift camp at the bottom of the deep fissure.

By now, it didn't look as desolate and barren as it had before. There was a fire pit assembled from the black rocks. The Shadow Chair and the Covetous Coffer, back to its usual size, were standing nearby. Neph's sleeping bag was laying on one side of the pit, while Sunny had gathered soft moss to serve as bedding on the other, using the Overpriced Saddle as a pillow.

Imp was sprawled on the ground, still digesting the huge amount of tarnished silver he had devoured. Saint was standing guard above, and Nightmare was hiding in the shadows.

Currently, the camp was illuminated by a softly glowing lantern, and a delicious fragrance of roasting meat was spreading through the air. Nephis was preparing a late supper over the coals. Not only that, but she had also gone all out, for some reason, using an inventive mix of spices to thoroughly marinate the meat before placing it above the glowing embers.

Both of them had washed the stench of blood off their bodies, and were now preparing for sleep, feeling refreshed. Before that, however, they were going to finally satiate the gnawing hunger.

In that moment, the lethally dangerous trip into the carcass of the Black Turtle they had undertaken seemed well worth it.

Finally done, Nephis placed a generous chunk of meat on a plate and handed it to Sunny. In the last moment, though, she suddenly retracted her hand and hesitated.

"...Can you wait a moment?"

Sunny felt warm and relaxed, so he didn't mind waiting.

"Sure."

He watched her across the glowing embers with peaceful idleness. Nephis seemed to be looking for something. A few moments later, she found a splinter of the synthetic firebrick they had used to light the fire, and thrust it into the meat. Then, she touched it with the tip of her finger, and a wisp of white flame ignited at the top of the small stick.

Sunny received the strange dish with a confused look.

"Uh… what is this?"

A faint smile appeared on Neph's face.

"A candle."

He hesitated for a few moments, then scratched the back of his head.

"...Why?"

She leaned back and shrugged softly.

"I'm not quite sure how many days it has been since the start of the Nightmare. But… the battle happened at the end of November, and we spent around a week in the desert. So, it should be middle to late December now."

Sunny frowned.

"And?"

Nephis sighed and shook her head.

"It means that it has to be winter solstice back in the real world. It's your birthday, Sunny."

He stared at her in astonishment.

'Wait… she's right…'

Sunny had forgotten all about it. It was winter solstice, or at least close to it. Out there in the waking world, an army of Sleepers was entering the Dream Realm for the first time — if Antarctica still stood, that is.

It was also his birthday. He was turning twenty-one.

'Huh…'

He tilted his head a little.

'Twenty-one… I didn't really think I'd make it so far. Good job, Sunny.'

He looked at the burning stick, not noticing the bright smile that appeared on his lips.

Nephis leaned forward a little.

"If I were you, I would hurry up… and make a wish!"

'Wish? Wish, wish…'

Hidden by shadows, Sunny's smile grew brittle and strained.

**********


                                Chapter 1268 Azure Serpent
--------------------
There were a lot of things Sunny desperately wished for. However, the ominous words carved into a random piece of flotsam he had encountered by chance weighed heavily on his heart.

So, he held himself back and made a point of not wishing for anything.

'A pity…'

Sunny blew out the improvised candle and hungrily sunk his teeth into the juicy meat. The taste of it… was indescribable.

"Uh!"

'So delicious!'

Nephis had really outdone herself this time. To think that she could cook up something so tasty with so few ingredients… even the memories of the grotesque tunnel could not slow Sunny down. He attacked the roasted meat like a hungry wolf, annihilating it in no time. He still had to put some effort into chewing, but that only made the rich flavor and delightful texture last longer on his tongue.

Some time later, both Sunny and Nephis were pleasantly satiated and sprawled on the ground, looking very much like Imp. Sunny was very much relaxed and sleepy, as well as in a great mood.

Well, it was his birthday, after all. Surviving one more year was enough of a reason to celebrate, especially considering how many odious things he had lived through to get to today.

Plus, the Great Monster's meat, which Nephis had marinated and roasted over the coals, was truly sublime.

Come to think of it, she had silently assumed the role of the cohort cook from the moment they met on the Forgotten Shore. Whenever the cohort was together, Nephis was the one to feed everyone. The dishes she prepared were always filling, flavorful, and… just right. the cohort was together, Nephis was the one to feed everyone. The dishes she prepared were always filling, flavorful, and… just right. That was a strange talent of hers.

'Huh. Maybe I should hire her as chef when I open my restaurant…'

Sunny smiled. There was one thing slightly bothering him, though. A talent like this did not really fit her stern and knightly persona. How come Nephis knew how to cook? So splendidly, at that?

Sunny turned his head and looked at her.

"Hey, can I ask something? Why are you so good at cooking? Doesn't seem like something you would be passionate about..."

Of course, it didn't. Nephis was only passionate about one thing, and to such a startling degree that it left no room for any other passions.

She remained silent for a few moments.

"...Wilderness Survival."

He raised an eyebrow, surprised.

"Huh?"

Nephis shrugged.

"Did you think that children from the Legacy Clans are only taught how to swing swords? You studied Wilderness Survival at the Academy, so you must know how important survival skills are in the Dream Realm. Therefore, we learn to take care of ourselves in harsh conditions from childhood. Nutrition is an integral part of survival, and so it gets a lot of attention in the curriculum."

She paused before adding:

"At least that's how it was for me. Each clan has its own way of teaching its heirs, of course."

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

'Makes sense… I should have guessed myself.'

He smiled.

"So, what you're saying is that you've been taking cooking classes since childhood?"

Hearing his words, Nephis frowned.

"Not… cooking classes! I've been taught both theoretical and practical skills concerning proper nutrition. It was a series of very thorough and elevated courses."

Sunny nodded a couple of times with a ponderous expression.

"Alright. I'm convinced. You're hired!"

She stared at him in confusion.

"You're hired… what? Are you talking to your sword again?"

Sunny vigorously shook his head.

"No… I'm talking to you…"

Nephis remained silent for a while, then let out a long sigh.

"Sometimes I really don't understand what you're saying."

He grinned.

"Don't worry. That makes two of us."

With that, Sunny laughed and turned away.

"Anyway. Goodnight, Neph."

There was a moment of silence, and then she dismissed the Memory lantern, plunging the deep fissure into darkness.

"Goodnight, Sunny."

…The carcass of an ancient behemoth floated on the currents of the Great River, and two humans slept peacefully in a crack in its shell.

***

Their lives slowly changed after the appearance of the dreadful butterfly… but, strangely, not by much.

Both Sunny and Nephis spent their days pretty much as they had before — they trained together, ate together, and rested on the soft moss together. Sometimes, Neph would go off to practice swordsmanship on her own, while Sunny would study the Estuary Key or sit motionlessly for hours, observing the Azure Serpent.

He could feel his technique slowly improving as the small imperfections left within its principles and application were tempered and refined. He could also feel his understanding of the Great Beast deepening bit by bit.

Only the Key of the Estuary remained a complete mystery.

By now, Sunny had a faint suspicion that its weave encompassed two separate patterns. One was hidden within the other, with its function aimed inside. The other was much more vast and complicated, with its function directed outside. Both were stunning, ingenious, and inseparably intertwined.

He had no idea what either of the patterns was supposed to do, though.

'Troublesome…'

When the tapestry of black strings started to blur in front of his tired eyes, Sunny would turn his attention back to the Azure Serpent.

The frenzied creature was not having a great time. It continued to devour the flesh of the Black Turtle day after day, waiting patiently for the opportunity to consume Sunny and Nephis. But, now, it had to contend with the monstrous butterfly, which was a harrowing adversary.

The butterfly descended from the sky on the third day after their first battle, and then again on the sixth. Both times, the two great abominations fought to a bloody draw, and the winged horror chose to retreat.

Nephis hid in the fissure while the creatures were battling, but Sunny secretly stalked them from the shadows. Extending his shadow sense deep into the water, he followed the Azure Serpent as it furiously fought against the Great Monster.

Watching someone fight with their life on the line was the best way to truly get to know them, after all. Just these two battles pushed Sunny's understanding of the mad leviathan further than days of peaceful observation.

The Azure Serpent… was proud. And powerful. And absolutely insane. Its madness was even more terrifying than the sinister frenzy consuming the minds of all Nightmare Creatures.

It was also insidiously cunning and exceedingly lethal, possessing a frightening combat acumen that must have been honed by experiencing thousands of perilous battles.

This was why the great river serpent managed to send the more powerful creature retreating three times in a row.

…On the seventh day after their first battle, however, a new change shook the dark island.

**********


                                Chapter 1269 Third Contender
--------------------
This time, Nephis was the first to notice the anomaly. Sunny and she were resting after an exhausting spar - he was meditating with his eyes closed, while she was leaning her back on him, still catching her breath.

He sensed a sudden tensing of her muscles, and then the warm pressure was gone. Opening his eyes, Sunny glanced at Nephis and noticed that she was looking intently into the distance, where the endlessly flowing waters of the Great River were sparkling under the light of the seven suns.

The Azure Serpent was nowhere in sight, and the island was not trembling, which meant that it was circling the stone shell of the Black Turtle. The monstrous butterfly was a small black dot in the sky. What had caught her attention, then?

"What is it?"

Nephis lingered for a few moments, then pointed at a distant patch of water downstream of them.

"There. Can you see it?"

Following her gaze, Sunny studied the currents. After a while, a scowl appeared on his face, too.

"I can. But what are we looking at?"

There, still far away from the dark island, a span of the Great River seemed different from the rest of its vast expanse. From their position, it was no larger than a coin, which meant that the strange anomaly was thousands of meters wide.

It did not seem too threatening. The water surface was simply a bit rough there, as if rippling under a strong gale. The problem was that such a gale would probably affect a larger area, not just a relatively small and strangely distinct patch of water.

A much bigger problem was that this patch seemed to be moving purposefully in their direction. Sunny wasn't sure at first, but after observing the river for a dozen seconds, he grew certain that it was no mere coincidence.

In these dozen seconds, the rough patch had already drawn visibly closer.

His face darkened.

"It has to be another abomination."

Nephis slowly nodded.

"I think so too."

For a few moments, both of them remained silent. It was only logical that a new Nightmare Creature would appear sooner or later - they had already met three, each of them harrowing in its own way. The arrival of the dark butterfly had also proven that the scent of Black Turtle's blood was like a lure for hungry abominations.

All they could do was wait and see if the approaching horror was of the kind that could climb onto the shell or not.

That was not the reason why Sunny felt somber, though. Rather, the appearance of the fourth threat had forced him to face an eventuality that seemed more and more like the truth.

That truth was that they would not be able to use the carcass of the Black Turtle as a ship to safely reach civilization, after all, no matter how much they had hoped that they would. It had seemed possible when there was only the Azure Serpent circling the island. The arrival of the dark butterfly made it questionable.

The appearance of the third contender was like a nail in the coffin of Sunny's hope. If there were three, there would be four, five, and more... sooner or later, one of the abominations would crawl onto the shell, discover the two humans, and devour them.

The corner of his mouth twitched.

'...But what can we do?'

They couldn't escape by water since it was populated by unthinkable horrors. They couldn't escape by air, either, since it was just as dangerous. Even though the carcass of the Black Turtle was slowly starting to seem more and more like a death trap, there was no way out.

He sighed.

"Let's just enjoy the show, for now. If I know anything about the old snake... it won't let the newcomer get close without a fight."

And indeed, no sooner than he said it, the crimson water foamed, and a gargantuan head of the great river serpent rose above its surface. This time, the creature's long snout was turned away from the island, facing downstream. The mad beast was watching the patch of rough water, too.

"What do you think it will be?"

Hearing the question, Nephis lingered for a moment.

"I don't know. It seems enormous, so... a whale? A cachalot? A giant squid, maybe?"

Sunny shook his head.

"I bet it'll be something entirely eerie, like that crawling mass of seaweed, bones, and rotten flesh that Cassie told us about on the Forgotten Shore."

He paused for a moment, and then added doubtfully:

"Also... what's a cachalot?"

Nephis let out a quiet sigh.

"...It's like a whale, but with teeth."

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

Did whales not have teeth? He knew what a whale was, in theory, but not the details. They were all extinct, anyway... probably.

Who knew what was happening in the oceans?

The two of them watched tensely as the patch of rough water drew nearer and nearer, revealing its true size. It was indeed several kilometers wide, and much more tumultuous than it had seemed from afar. The water inside the patch seemed to be boiling, which looked rather strange considering that the river around it was as calm as ever.

A minute later, the Azure Serpent let out an angry roar, and at the same moment, Sunny slowly rose to his feet.

'Curse it...'

The water... was not really boiling, and there was no titanic behemoth moving under its surface to cause the ripples.

Instead, there were thousands... perhaps even tens of thousands of small creatures moving forward at a terrifying speed, coming closer and closer to the island.

It had taken him so long to notice because their insect-like bodies were almost entirely translucent. Each was as long as his arm, with countless thin legs, beady black eyes, and long, disgusting mouths that were full of vicious, glass-like teeth.

Standing by his side, Nephis whispered:

"Krill..."

Sunny shifted his perception and shivered after noticing the vile darkness spreading through the bodies of the repulsive creatures. Each of them... It was not another Great behemoth that had been attracted by the scent of the Black Turtle's blood.

Instead, it was a swarm of thousands and thousands of abhorrent Corrupted Beasts.

**********


                                Chapter 1270 Pinnacle of Strength
--------------------
Even after living through the horrors of the Southern Campaign and witnessing the chilling resolution of the Battle of the Black Skull, Sunny still paled at the sight of the enormous swarm of Corrupted Beasts. There were too many of them to count, but there had to be tens of thousands of translucent crustaceans advancing toward the island.

Even Nephis seemed taken aback- a rare sight, and not a welcome one. She instinctively outstretched a hand, as if summoning a sword could save them from the plague of Corrupted abominations.

"It's... it's alright."

Her voice was even but lacked confidence.

Sunny forced out a faint smile.

"How exactly is this alright?"

Nephis lingered for a moment.

"These creatures don't seem capable of leaving the water."

Sunny closed his eyes for a moment. Yes, the abominable krill were probably incapable of crawling onto the island and devouring them. However, they were more than capable of devouring the Azure Serpent. And with the old snake gone, nothing would prevent the dark butterfly from landing on the shell of the slain Great Monster.

"That's right. You are going to die."

He flinched and glared at the Sin of Solace, who had appeared out of nowhere and looked at him with dark glee.

The sword wraith laughed, and then whispered:

"Better yet, you are going to watch Nephis die. Isn't it poetic?"

Sunny tried to ignore the vile apparition, but this time, it was much harder than usual. With the words of the Sin of Solace still echoing in his ears, he forced himself to look away and stare at the river.

Below them, the Azure Serpent lowered its head stubbornly, huffed, and suddenly shot toward the krill swarm with tremendous speed. The water parted and foamed where it passed.

Sunny couldn't see the Great Beast's eyes, but he knew that they were filled with bloodlust and fury. That snake... did not know when to retreat. Or rather, it never wanted to. Its lust for slaughter and destruction seemed much greater than its desire to exist.

'...It's admirable, really. What an earnest beast.'

It took a special kind of lunatic to make a vice into a perverse virtue. The Azure Serpent's extreme bloodlust had made it into a much more fearsome existence than it should have been.

But how was it going to fight tens of thousands of Corrupted abominations? No matter how large its maw was and how sharp its fangs were, the serpent could only crush that many krill in its jaws. A dozen at a time, a few dozen, even a hundred... it was not going to make a difference.

For every bite it took, a thousand Corrupted creatures were going to sink their teeth into the Great Beast's flesh. Even though there was a vast gap between the two Ranks, it was not as insurmountable as that between the two Masters and the Azure Serpent.

It would have been different if the mad beast possessed unnatural powers, but it only possessed inconceivable physical might. Not all enemies, however, could be destroyed with pure strength.

And yet, and yet...

Sunny couldn't help but root for the great river serpent.

'Come on, old snake... do something!'

The swift figure of the azure leviathan was closing in on the rushing krill swarm, moments away from clashing with it. It seemed like a suicidal charge. It had to be...

And yet, it was not.

A second before the Azure Serpent plunged into the mass of translucent krill, it dove down. In the next moment, Sunny and Nephis swayed, pushed back by the shockwave of a demented, enraged roar. Even distorted by the mass of water, it was still loud enough to make their ears ring and their bones vibrate.

The krill, however...

Since they had been much closer to the source of the roar, the shockwave spread through the swarm like a battering ram. Sunny's eyes widened when he noticed numerous translucent bodies suddenly convulsing and losing their speed.

The swarming abominations... were stunned.

Some of them, those who had been closer to the Azure Serpent, were paralyzed completely, while those that had been further away were at least disoriented.

Sunny concentrated and extended his shadow sense as far as he could, and then a little further still. He just barely managed to sense the massive shape of the Great Beast flying through the restless water.

That was why he sensed the mighty muscles of the serpent moving, his long body contracting like a bow. Then, its tail shot forward like a whip, and a sudden explosion sent countless tons of water rushing outward in a crushing wave. The sonic boom was even louder than the mad beast's enraged roar, and the force produced by it not only stunned the krill but also tore many of them apart.

Many more were completely obliterated by the tail of the Azure Serpent.

...But incomparably more were already rushing from all sides, aiming to bite into its massive body.

The giant jaws opened and snapped, grinding a hundred krill into dust.

It was like a drop in the ocean.

Then, the serpent did something strange. It suddenly spun, as if trying to turn its long snout into a drill. Sunny did not see how this could help the Great Beast against the swarm of Corrupted abominations, but in the next moment, he opened his eyes wide.

Following the spinning motion of the leviathan, the waters of the Great River were stirred, forming a long whirlpool along the length of its colossal body. That underwater whirlpool was like liquid armor, the current powerful enough to repel the attacking krill.

The Azure Serpent's jaws opened again, and another roar shook the world.

When they closed, numerous translucent abominations died.

The battle was too furious, too grand, too inconceivable.

Standing on the shell of the dead behemoth, Sunny and Nephis watched in silence as a lone Great Beast resisted myriads of Corrupted creatures. Looking at the foaming water, they couldn't help but feel small... and weak.

And insignificant.

'Unnatural... powers?'

Humans were bestowed with Aspect Abilities despite being mere Beasts, but Nightmare Creatures were different. Only Devils possessed dire powers similar to those of an Aspect. The Azure Serpent was not a Devil, and did not possess a sinister Ability.

However, it was not powerless.

Instead of relying on an unnatural power, it relied on its terrifying body, absolute control over it, and a deep understanding of its natural domain to make the river itself a power.

Sunny had been wrong. The Azure Serpent did possess a weapon to use against an enemy that could not be crushed through pure strength - that weapon was its mastery of water.

'This is it. I see now! I understand!'

He had spent countless hours trying to comprehend the Azure Serpent, but always felt that a crucial piece of the puzzle was missing. A fundamental truth that was at the root of all other insights, and without which they were meaningless.

Now, Sunny finally felt that he had found the thread which had to be pulled to unravel the mystery.

...Below them, the ancient leviathan was fighting against a harrowing swarm of abominable krill. The battle had only just begun, and there was no saying which side would win, and which side would be destroyed. The Azure Serpent possessed a dire weapon, but was that weapon enough to survive the onslaught of tens of thousands of Corrupted Beasts?

One way or the other, they were going to know soon.

**********

