Shadow Slave - PART 145
Chapters 1441 to 1450
==============================


                                Chapter 1441 Let’s Split Up
--------------------
Although the Seeker's Tower was right in front of them, Sunny had little hope that they would be able to reach its entrance this time. Not only was the tower protected by the eerie enchantment, but the revolution was also close to its end - it had taken them a lot of time to find Effie and get back to the heart of the island.

He did not know how much longer they had, exactly, but it might have been mere minutes.

In the end... they never found out.

The black cliff was surrounded by a wide open space where there were no trees. Not long after the members of the cohort cautiously abandoned the forest, a gentle wind caressed Sunny's face, forcing him to look up.

Wind Flower was shrouded in impenetrable darkness, so no one except for Sunny could see... but there was something there, above them, hiding in the black expanse of the misty sky.

Frozen in terror, he watched dozens of twisting tendrils descending from the turbulent black fog, each hundreds of meters long.

Then, he was dead.

...Coming back to his senses on the deck of the Chain Breaker, Sunny could not help but shudder.

This was the first time he had caught a glimpse of the being that dwelled in the mist above the island. Sunny had thought that Wind Flower had no horrors left to surprise him with... but he had been wrong.

'What is... what even is... that thing?'

Hiding how disturbed he was, Sunny turned and looked at Cassie. By now, he was if not accustomed, then at least familiar with the terrible trauma of dying. The blind girl had only recently become aware of the loop, though. For her, it must have been a harrowing experience.

But, contrary to his expectations, Cassie seemed perfectly fine - nonchalant, even. It was as though she had experienced countless deaths already.

Sunny lingered for a moment.

'Right. Considering her Aspect... she probably has.'

Nevertheless, he walked over to her, hesitated for a moment, and tried to make his voice sound soft:

"Are you alright?"

A brief, pale smile appeared on Cassie's face. She nodded.

"Yes. I'm fine. It's just... it was sobering."

Nephis stared at them silently, a hint of confusion appearing in her tired grey eyes. She was once again suffering from the symptoms of essence exhaustion. Sunny sighed and gestured to Cassie, imploring her to take care of the explanations.

A moment later, he was off to retrieve Jet.

'I am... definitely not avoiding Neph.'

He could have sent Cassie, Nightmare, and one of his shadows into the mist and remain on the Chain Breaker with Nephis instead. However, Sunny was not quite sure how to act around her now, after what the Sin of Solace had said... and what he himself had admitted. Especially not if they were left alone.

'I'll just think about how to get into the terrifying ancient tower. That is much less daunting...'

He explained the situation to Jet on the way back to the Chain Breaker. At the same time, Cassie explained it to Nephis. So, by the time the four of them reunited, everyone was already aware of what was going on.

But the usual routine had to change from now on.

If they wanted to enter the tower, they couldn't waste time going to the far side of the island and back. There was simply not enough hours in the loop... nevertheless, Sunny hesitated.

How could he leave Effie alone in the cold mist and darkness? He was not sure what had happened to her in the previous revolutions, without them. But knowing what he knew about the island... he doubted that it was something he would want to know.

Sunny remained silent for a while, agonizing over the choice. Then, Nephis suddenly spoke:

"Jet and I can handle that."

He looked at her in confusion.

"What do you mean?"

She leaned over and pointed to them map he had drawn:

"You and Cassie can go to the tower. The two of us will enter the caverns, kill the Terror, find Effie, and hide ourselves away until the end of the loop. Soul Reaper is the key to slaying that thing, anyway, so... we'll manage without you."

Sunny listened to her with a grim expression and shook his head.

"But you know close to nothing about the island. The two of you alone won't be enough, especially with how low on essence you are."

Nephis smiled.

"Who says that we'll be alone? We can take your Onyx Saint and Ravenous Fiend with us. You can also send one of your shadows to tag along. Once you unleash the Shadow Realm Fragment, you'll be able to extend your senses to almost anywhere on the island, right? You can observe where we are and guide us with the help of the shadow. That will be enough."

Sunny hesitated for a few moments.

Neph's suggestion had merit. He was still not convinced that they would be able to survive the dread of Wind Flower on their own, but... there was a chance, no matter how small. Sunny would most likely be able to guide them through the forest remotely. Cassie could share senses with either Nephis or Jet, too, to warn him should anything unexpected happen.

In any case, there was not much of a choice. Even though he did not like the idea of sending both members of the cohort who could not remember the past events of the loop blindly into the mist, it was worth trying at least once.

Cassie and Sunny, meanwhile, had the best chance of actually making it inside the tower.

'Ah... I hate it.'

He shifted slightly, then nodded.

"Right... you two go and kill the Cavern Terror, then. If you give it half of the beating you gave me, it might just run away and hide in fear."

Both Nephis and Jet stared at him incredulously. After a few moments of silence, Jet asked:

"...When did we give you a beating?"

Nephis nodded and raised an eyebrow.

"And why?"

Sunny coughed and looked away.

"Oh, that... don't worry about it... it was just a small misunderstanding, a couple revolutions ago... anyway, there's no time to waste! We should hurry if we don't want to be discovered by Undying Slaughter... come on, let's move!"

Soon, they left the Chain Breaker and separated.

Accompanied by Saint and Fiend, Nephis and Jet headed east toward the bone orchard.

Sunny and Cassie, meanwhile, hurried north.

Toward the Seeker's Tower.

**********


                                Chapter 1442 Elusive Duo
--------------------
Going straight to the tower might have saved Sunny and Cassie a lot of time, but it was also the most dangerous direction. Not only was Undying Slaughter prowling somewhere in the mist, but Devouring Beast was also not far away.

There were other horrors waiting for them in the forest, as well.

Luckily, there might not have been a more elusive duo than Sunny and Cassie in two worlds. With the blind girl riding Nightmare, they could move swiftly in the darkness. Since she was sharing his senses, they did not need to carry a source of light with them, thus avoiding unnecessary attention.

Sunny could detect most dangers far in advance, and Cassie's supernatural intuition warned them about those threats that could not be perceived that easily. Added to the extensive knowledge of the island, that allowed them to avoid confrontations with its prisoners and advance inland stealthily.

Of course, it would not have been possible without the Fragment of the Shadow Realm. The silent understanding they shared also played a large role.

At some point, Cassie patted Nightmare on the shoulder. The black stallion slowed down and then halted, standing motionlessly in the flowing mist. Sunny leaned against the trunk of an ancient pine and listened to the muffled sounds of the forest, focused and calm.

"Do you sense a threat?"

Cassie nodded.

"Something is approaching."

He swiped the surrounding woods with shadow sense, but did not find anything. Nevertheless... the forest suddenly seemed more eerie than it had been before. Sunny frowned, contemplating which of the horrors of misty island could be lurking nearby.

His expression dimmed.

"Can we evade it?"

The blind girl frowned, then hesitantly shook her head.

"I don't think we can. There is not enough time."

Sunny sighed and raised the Sin of Solace.

"We fight, then."

It was a shame... he really thought that they would be able to reach the Seeker's Tower alive.

Before Sunny could prepare himself for the inevitable - and most likely fatal - clash, Cassie was suddenly surrounded by a whirlwind of sparks. Even the familiar motes of light seemed dimmer in the darkness of the Fragment.

The blind girl remained silent for a few moments, focusing on something, then said quietly:

"We can't evade it, but we can try to lure it away."

Soon, the blade mannequin Echo weaved itself from light and hurried into the mist, intentionally producing a lot of noise. Cassie pointed in a different direction.

"Let's go!"

They rushed away, wanting to create as much distance between themselves and the unseen danger as possible. Sunny kept tracing the Echo with shadow sense... less than a minute later, something strange happened to it.

He still could not sense any movement in the shadows, but the blade mannequin suddenly halted. Its steel body convulsed, and then slowly rose above the ground, thrashing wildly. One of its arms fell into the moss, shattered and torn. Then, another... this one took a moment more to land.

Soon, pieces of torn metal rained from somewhere very high above. Sunny could not sense the shadow of the clockwork swordsman anymore.

It was simply gone.

A few seconds later, Cassie sighed.

"The Spell just announced that he is destroyed."

Sunny was frowning as he ran. Fortunately, the poor Echo had bought them enough time to slip away from... from whatever it was that had gotten the blade mannequin.

They could have taken a safer, but longer route. Perhaps he had been hasty in his decision to waste as little time as possible.

Despite Sunny's doubts, they did reach the tower alive. Cassie had to sacrifice the sybil Echo, as well, but they made it to the heart of the island in one piece. Standing between the ancient pines at the edge of the killing field that surrounded the black cliff, the two of them remained silent for a while.

Both were remembering the harrowing sight of the long tendrils descending from the mist to harvest their lives.

'That harvester... how do we avoid being noticed by it?'

Sunny had considered flying across the moat before, but now he did not dare to. The bridge seemed to be the only way, but even then... they would be in the open.

'Or we can swim.'

Sunny glanced at the rushing water and suddenly felt a chill running down his spine. Something told him that nothing could return from its depths alive.

He contemplated for a few moments, then sighed.

"I can manipulate the mist to hide us from the... the Harvester. We should be able to reach the bridge unseen."

Cassie tilted her head a little.

"But can we cross the bridge?"

The figures of the frozen Nightmare Creatures suggested otherwise.

Sunny studied the dark silhouettes with a grim expression, then concentrated on the black cliff itself.

"There. There are runes carved into the rock. Do you recognize them?"

If there was indeed an enchantment protecting the tower, then Cassie was the only one who could decipher it. Sunny knew a bit of runic sorcery, as well, but his knowledge of it was nowhere near that of the blind seer.

She did not answer for a while, thinking. Eventually, Cassie frowned.

"It is... hard to say. We can only see a part of the inscription from here. Does it encircle the entire cliff?"

Sunny nodded.

"I've passed the tower from various directions in the past, and every time, I saw these large runes carved into the cliff."

Cassie lingered for a moment.

"Then let's not hurry to reach the bridge yet. We should circle the tower and study the runes first."

They proceed with just that. Staying under the cover of the forest, Sunny and Cassie slowly moved around the black cliff. A few times, they had to retreat and hide - especially so when the familiar sounds of snapping trees resounded from the mist, informing them that Devouring Beast was wandering somewhere nearby.

In the process, both of them observed the progress of the other party tensely. Miraculously... Nephis and Jet emerged from the caverns alive. The two of them must have managed to slay the Corrupted Terror, after all. Judging by how bloodied their armor was, the battle had been a terrible one. Nevertheless, there were no wounds under all that blood - they had already been healed by Nephis.

Saint and Fiend were also in one piece, although the latter seemed worse for wear.

Guided by Sunny's shadow, Neph and Jet were now cautiously traversing the misty forest.

Around the time they found Effie - and were almost impaled on her spear - Sunny and Cassie finally returned to where they had started from. The blind girl dismounted and was now sitting on the ground, tracing unfamiliar runes in the wet soil. There was a frown on her face.

"Strange..."

Sunny waited for a long as he could, then finally asked:

"Well? Can you make sense of them? Is it an enchantment?"

Cassie hesitated for a while.

"It... seems to be. However, it's unlike any enchantment I have ever seen before - here in the Tomb of Ariel, in the Kingdom of Hope, and anywhere across the Dream Realm."

Her expression was suddenly troubled.

"There are runes that do not seem to be a part of the enchantment, as well. The Spell does not translate them, so they are not exactly words. However... they are, in a way. It's like a code. Or a puzzle, I guess?"

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"Can you solve that puzzle?"

Cassie nodded.

"Yes. It's not particularly hard... anyone knowledgeable in runic sorcery would be able to."

He glanced at the black cliff, thought for a few moments, and asked:

"So what do these runes say?"

The blind girl hesitated.

"It's a bit strange. I don't quite understand the meaning, but if I'm reading it correctly... they say..."

Cassie remained silent for a bit, then turned to him and shrugged.

"I am the tower that Aletheia of the Nine built."

**********


                                Chapter 1443 Cutting a Mountain
--------------------
Sunny remained silent for a while, looking at the blind girl with a strange expression.

'Aletheia... of the Nine?'

The words sounded familiar. He had met a person with a similar name a long, long time ago. The young Awakened swordsman from his First Nightmare, the one whom he called Hero... the Spell had called him Auro of the Nine.

Was it a coincidence, or something more?

Sunny frowned.

What did he really know about Hero?

Not much. Hero had been alive during the twilight of the Golden Age, not long before the Doom War started. He was a soldier of a militant empire which worshiped War God and had conquered many lands. He was a warrior of considerable skill and had already Awakened at his young age...

Now that Sunny knew how long it took one to Awaken without the assistance of the Spell, that fact seemed even more impressive.

But Sunny had known that Auro of the Nine was not a simple person all along. Not because of his skill and talent, but simply because of all the people in the Nightmare, he was the only one whose name the Spell remembered.

That alone told Sunny that Auro was special. The Spell appraised Sunny's performance in the First Nightmare as glorious, which meant that he had deviated from the natural course of events to a great degree.

What would have happened to Auro if Sunny had never taken the place of the nameless temple slave? The slave would have died, most likely, while the young swordsman would have survived. If he lived on and escaped the mountain pass... what fate would have awaited him in the future?

And there was one more detail...

'What was it that he said to justify killing me?'

Right before their fateful confrontation, Auro had said something peculiar. Something about how he would have gladly faced the Mountain King to let Sunny escape if his life belonged to him alone. But it did not, because the young swordsman had sworn to fulfill an... an unencompassable duty of some sort. He couldn't allow himself to die because of it.

What was the duty Auro had spoken of?

And why was the name of another person of the Nine inscribed on the base of the Seeker's Tower?

Who were the Nine?

Sunny took a deep breath and glanced at Cassie.

"What do you think it means?"

The blind girl remained silent for a moment.

"Aletheia must be the name of the Seeker who used to live on this island. He or she was proficient in sorcery, it seems. Other than that, it's hard to say."

Sunny sighed.

"Have you ever heard of the Nine?"

He did not really expect a positive answer, but to his surprise, Cassie hesitantly nodded.

"I might have. If I remember correctly, Nephis mentioned once that she had met someone with the same title."

Sunny blinked.

'Huh?'

How would Neph have met one of the Nine?

'It must have been in her Second Nightmare.'

If that was the case, then these Nine seemed to have a habit of popping up in many Nightmares. Just who were they?

Or had been, more precisely.

Shaking his head, Sunny made a mental note to ask Nephis about the person she had met, and turned his attention to the tower.

"Alright. So, this Aletheia was the master of Wind Flower, and left a powerful enchantment to protect the tower..."

Cassie shook her head lightly.

"The island might not have been called Wind Flower back then. It's just a name by which people of Fallen Grace call it today. When the Seeker resided here, it was probably called Aletheia's Island or something like that."

Sunny shrugged.

"Whatever. In any case... how do we break the enchantment?"

He thought for a few moments, then asked:

"Will destroying some of the runes work?"

Cassie remained silent for a while.

"Not just any runes. But if the key ones are erased, the enchantment will fall apart. I can identify the ones we need to destroy..."

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"I thought you said that you couldn't make sense of this strange enchantment."

The blind girl smiled.

"That's true. I wouldn't be able to recreate it... but breaking it is much easier than that. Nevertheless, don't be too encouraged. The runes are carved deep, and there are certainly measures in place to protect them. We'll have to shatter the entire slope of the cliff to erase them."

He chuckled.

"Leave that to me. I might not be able to cut a mountain with one slash of my sword, but breaking a cliff or two shouldn't be a problem."

Cassie nodded and fell silent, concentrating on identifying the key runes of the enchantment. Sunny, meanwhile, studied the black cliff.

A long time passed. On the far side of the island, Nephis, Jet, and Effie had hidden among the cliffs and shared a meal. Sunny watched them through the shadow and listened to the calming flow of their conversation. Neph was holding the Guiding Light, explaining how it had been found in the lost temple of Fallen Grace.

Finally, Cassie was done with her task. The two of them moved stealthily around the black cliff and reached the spot where the string of most vulnerable runes was located.

"There. Destroy that section."

She pointed to where Sunny needed to strike, but he shook his head.

"Not yet."

They had to wait a little longer.

After about an hour, Sunny took a deep breath and rose. A whirlwind of scarlet sparks danced around his hand, forming into a black bow. He raised it and held the string.

At the same time, somewhere outside the mist, the seven suns were plunging into the Great River. It was dusk.

As the Crown of Twilight opened his soul to a flood of essence, Sunny drew the bow and activated its most powerful enchantment, [Death Dealer]. Usually, he would not have been able to use it more than a few times in a row - the strain on his essence reserves was simply too great.

But right now, it did not matter.

Releasing the string, he sent a black arrow flying. Then, without wasting even a second, Sunny grunted and drew the bow again. The second and third arrows streaked through the darkness before the first one even hit the target.

Then, the silence of Wind Flower suddenly exploded into a deafening roar of breaking stone. It was as though a furious storm suddenly descended, with booming thunderclaps shaking the world.

Black arrows struck the face of the cliff one after another... one, two, three, ten. Despite how harrowing the force of these strikes was, the weathered black rock held.

For a while.

Gradually, a net of thin cracks appeared on its surface. Then, the cracks widened. Not long after that, small shards of broken stone shot into the air.

Finally, the side of the cliff exploded and collapsed, tons of black stone falling into the turbulent waters of the wide moat.

Sunny lowered his bow and swayed a little, utterly spent. His breathing was ragged.

By his side, Cassie clenched her delicate fists in excitement.

"It... it worked! The enchantment is failing!"

Sunny lingered for a moment.

"Yeah... I can see. Crap."

There was no thrill in his voice.

Out there on the bridge... the harrowing abominations that had been motionless before were already starting to move.

**********


                                Chapter 1444 New Ways to Die
--------------------
Not only were the Nightmare Creatures on the bridge coming back to life, but the thunderous noise created by Sunny's arrows had to have attracted all kinds of abominations from the depths of the island. The enchantment surrounding Aletheia's Tower might have been destroyed, but the situation was dire.

He could already hear the pines falling in the forest, which meant that Devoring Beast was approaching them. 'Damnation.'

Sunny stared at the stirring Nightmare Creatures for a moment, then dismissed his bow and dashed to Cassie.

"Sorry!"

Grabbing the blind girl by her thin waist, he effortlessly lifted her off the ground and jumped into the saddle. A moment later, Nightmare had already left the cover of the trees and was flying toward the bridge.

"S-Sunny?! W-what..."

The mist boiled and surged into the killing field, obscuring the swift silhouette of the black stallion. Sunny hoped that this would protect them from the being that hid in the skies... but he couldn't be sure.

Pressing Cassie against himself so that she was not thrown off Nightmare's back, he readied the Sin of Solace.

"Either we get inside the tower, or die. So... hold on tight!"

The abominations on the bridge had already caught their scent. Sunny had hoped to slip past them before the creatures fully regained their senses, but it seemed that he had been too optimistic. There was only a second or two left before Nightmare reached the moat... and yet, there was already a Great Nightmare Creature eyeing them as it blocked the way.

'Curse it!'

At the last second, Sunny gave his steed a command to turn left.

At the same time, the deep darkness surrounding them stirred and came alive, surging forward like a tide. Just when Nightmare would have plunged into the rushing water, the darkness solidified, turning into a tangible surface.

A bridge built of shadow had appeared to the side of the stone bridge, and they were already crossing it. Sunny saw something fly at him from the direction of the Great abomination and lashed out with the Sin of Solace - the impact was powerful enough to almost tear his arm off, but he did manage to deflect it.

A moment later, they were past the Nightmare Creatures.

Sunny even imagined that they could actually make it...

But then, something was wrong.

The further Nightmare advanced across the moat, the worse Sunny felt. His body had somehow turned weak and frail. His thoughts turned cloudy...

'What... what is happening?'

Cassie's golden hair, which was flying into his face a moment before, was now white for some reason. Pressed against him, her body felt unnaturally thin and fragile.

The Sin of Solace slid out of his grip and fell into the water.

Looking down in confusion, Sunny stared at his hand. His skin had turned wrinkly and translucent, like that of an old man... it was just like Ananke's hand when he had first seen her.

His teeth felt loose in his gums, as if ready to fall out.

"Sunny..."

Cassie's faint voice was almost too quiet to hear.

The other side of the moat was so close.

But before they could reach it, Sunny's vision suddenly turned blurry.

Then, he was standing on the deck of the Chain Breaker once again.

Turning slowly, Sunny looked at Cassie. The blind girl was standing behind him, shivering. Her beautiful face was deathly pale, but her hair...

It was golden once again.

He slumped against the railing, let out a shaky breath, and forced out a smile.

"I guess... we really do have to use the bridge."

She nodded slowly.

"Yes. Let's... try to make it, this time."

Sunny had always wanted to die of old age, but definitely not in such a cruel manner. It seemed that his previous suspicion that diving into the moat would be lethal was correct - however, as it turned out, passing above it was just as deadly.

'At least now, I know that Masters can die of old age, too.'

It was actually an interesting piece of information. It was common knowledge that Awakened had longer lifespans than mundane humans, but no one really knew by how much. The Spell had only descended on the waking world around half a century ago, after all, and it took a while for the first Ascended to appear. The first Saints appeared even later, after Sunny had been born.

'I'll put it in my exploration report... if we ever make it out alive...'

Not letting the eerie death slow them down, Sunny and Cassie made another attempt to enter Aletheia's Tower.

In the end, it took them a dozen more revolutions to succeed. Getting near the water flowing in the moat was a death sentence, since time around it went utterly insane. Flying was suicidal because of the Harvester. So, the only way to reach the black cliff was to cross the stone bridge.

However, the Nightmare Creatures trapped on it were too deadly. As soon as the enchantment was destroyed, they were released from its hold and turned their attention to the two humans. Sunny and Cassie tried fighting them, and perished. Then, they tried to evade them, but were caught and killed.

Eventually, it was Sunny who came up with a way to deal with the abominations. With Devouring Beast on their heels and the Nightmare Creatures in front of him, he simply made sure that the former and the latter collided with each other before they caught him and Cassie.

Then, while the bestial giantess was dismantling the dreadful abominations behind them, Sunny and Cassie stealthily ascended the steps cut into the cliff. There was more deadly magic on those steps, but after dying to it several times, they finally found a way to reach the tower.

Finally, they stood in front of its gates. They were shut tightly, and even if Sunny had a key, there was no lock to insert it. Luckily, he was already familiar with this type of door. Placing his hand on the surface of the gate, he sent his essence flowing into it.

The ancient door opened slowly.

Hearing a furious roar chase after them from the bottom of the cliff, Sunny did not waste any time. Grabbing Cassie's hand, he entered Aletheia's Tower and pulled the blind girl inside.

**********


                                Chapter 1445 Inside the Tower
--------------------
As soon as Sunny shut the gate behind them, the terrifying roar that had been approaching was cut off. A few moments later, the tower seemed to shake a little, as if something had crashed into its walls.

However, apart from a little dust that fell from the ceiling, nothing happened. They seemed to be safe.

...From the threats outside, at least.

Letting out a sigh of relief, Sunny took a step back and looked around.

His eyes narrowed a little.

"Well, that... is unexpected."

He had wondered about what the interior of Aletheia's Tower would look like a lot. In his mind, there were two possibilities... either it would be perfectly preserved and full of tantalizing knowledge, or serve as the lair for the most harrowing abomination yet.

The truth was that it was both and neither at the same time.

From what Sunny could tell, the interior of the tower had once been austere, but elegant. None of that elegance remained, however - at some point, a dreadful Nightmare Creature had made its way inside.

He was currently staring at that Nightmare Creature.

Its torso was hanging from the ceiling, terribly mutilated and seeping with black blood. The creature's revolting skull was crushed, and one of its arms was severed at the elbow. A vast and utterly disgusting puddle of blood, viscera, and brain matter covered most of the floor.

Looking at the corpse of the gargantuan, vaguely humanoid creature, Sunny couldn't help but feel a sense of deep, primal terror.

Aletheia's Tower had indeed become the lair of a dreadful abomination...

However, the abomination was dead.

Cassie was observing the corpse, too. She seemed unnerved.

After hesitating for a few moments, the blind girl said quietly:

"It's... it was a Great Tyrant."

Sunny gulped.

"Why... the hell... is there a Great Tyrant in our Third Nightmare, even? That has to be against the rules."

And why was there something capable of mutilating a Great Tyrant to such a degree here, as well?

What was that damned Spell thinking?

Shaking his head, Sunny studied their surroundings. Now that he had some time, he noticed signs of a terrible battle. Everything inside the tower had been obliterated, turning into piles of splinters and rubble. Here and there, the corpses of the Tyrant's minions could be seen, turned into bloody mush.

Was the thing that had killed them still inside? It had to be, considering the nature of the loop...

But then, why were the gates of the tower locked? Why was the enchantment intact?

How was it even possible?

Walking over to the puddle of the Tyrant's blood, Sunny knelt and touched it. His expression was troubled.

"It's cold."

The creature had not been killed recently. Had it been dead for as long as the loop existed?

He glanced at Cassie.

"What does your intuition tell you?"

She frowned.

"...To flee."

Then, the blind girl sighed and pointed up.

"There is danger, somewhere above us."

Sunny grimaced and rose to his feet. He considered summoning Nightmare back, but then decided against it. The black steed would not be able to move freely in the narrow confines of the tower, so...

It was up to him and Cassie to find out the truth.

"Well, I am not going to flee after dying so many damned times to get here."

She nodded.

"I agree."

Trying to stay away from the dreadful corpse, they found the stairs and cautiously ascended to the next floor of the tower.

In fact, it seemed that the clash between the Tyrant and whatever it was that had killed it had mostly taken place on the higher floors. Sunny could tell just by looking up - starting from the second floor, there were no ceilings anymore. Tall piles of stone debris were all around them.

It seemed that the Great Tyrant had crashed through the floors of many levels before finally ending up hanging dead from the ceiling of the first one. Sadly, most of the interior of the tower had been destroyed in the process.

Sunny glanced at Cassie, then sighed and started climbing. The blind girl followed by holding the hilt of the Quiet Dancer, which gently lifted her in the air.

They slowly ascended past the destroyed portion of the tower before finally arriving at the second-to-last level. Here, a chunk of the floor still remained, leading to a narrow staircase. The battle seemed to have never reached the last level, so the ceiling was intact.

Sunny could not tell what was above them... but he knew only the highest window of the tower was emanating light. So, the source of that light had to be on the last floor.

The source of the terrible danger Cassie felt was also there.

"Stay behind me."

Moving forward to protect the blind girl with his body, Sunny put his foot on the first step and started ascending the stairs. He felt wary and apprehensive... scared, even. After experiencing so many painful deaths, it was only natural for his body to be afraid of another one. Even if he understood that he would be brought back to life by the loop, his body didn't.

'Let's just get it over with.'

Arriving in front of an engraved wooden door, Sunny hesitated for a moment, then sighed and opened it.

Bright light washed over him the next instant.

...There was a faint smell of incense in the air.

Taking a step forward, Sunny shielded his eyes with a hand and extended his shadow sense forward. He had expected to find a dreadful abomination waiting for the inside... but, to his surprise, there was no movement at all.

Lowering his hand, he looked at the final floor of Aletheia's tower.

It consisted of one large chamber. There were lanterns floating in the air all around it, emanating a warm glow. A pleasant smell of incense permeated the air.

The interior of the chamber was perfectly intact. A few pieces of simple, but tasteful wooden furniture stood on the tiled floor.

"Sunny."

Cassie pointed to the far side of the spacious room.

There, a wide bed stood, surrounded by a half-transparent silk canopy.

And on that bed...

A beautiful woman in an archaic robe was laying, her chest rising and falling steadily.

She was fast asleep.

**********


                                Chapter 1446 Wind Flower
--------------------
Both Sunny and Cassie froze, bewildered by the strange scene.

'Surely, I'm seeing things.'

This was Wind Flower, a misty hell where harrowing abominations and Defiled Saints were imprisoned, not even knowing that they were. A place that slowly devoured the souls of Great Nightmare Creatures until there was nothing left but empty husks. The abandoned stronghold of an ancient Seeker who had left to challenge the Estuary.

How could there be someone sleeping soundly in its very heart?

Sunny suppressed the desire to pinch himself.

...He also suppressed the desire to pinch Cassie.

"Hey... you see what I see, right?"

As soon as he spoke, Sunny suddenly felt a wave of fear wash over him and covered his mouth with a hand. Shaking off his bewilderment, he reminded himself where they were, and why they had come here.

Cassie had said that there was a source of terrible danger at the top of Aletheia's Tower... but there was only this sleeping woman. Which meant that she was that source.

What if his voice woke her up?

The blind girl nodded slowly and answered in a whisper:

"I do."

Sunny lingered for a few moments.

"Is this... Aletheia?"

Indeed, that would be the most rational guess. They were standing in the tower built by Aletheia of the Nine, after all. So who else could it be?

Cassie shook her head.

"It... shouldn't be. The Seeker who lived on this island is said to have left it a long, long time ago. Before the Defilement was even born. Of course, the information I received from the people of Fallen Grace might be wrong..."

She frowned.

"But it is said that only the Serpent King has been able to come to Wind Flower and return alive. I... honestly don't see how any human could have survived this place, let alone how they would have ended up sleeping peacefully at the top floor of this tower."

Sunny studied the figure of the sleeping woman tensely, then rubbed his face tiredly.

"Then who the hell is she?"

The blind girl remained silent for a while.

Eventually, though, she answered:

"Actually, I have a theory."

Cassie hesitated for a moment, then said:

"I think... I think she is Wind Flower."

Sunny stared at her in confusion.

"What do you mean? She is a personification of this island?"

The blind girl shook her head.

"No... remember, nobody knows where the name Wind Flower came from. However, I noticed something strange about the Guiding Light. It continued pointing to the center of the island even after we landed, right?"

Sunny nodded.

Cassie sighed.

"I was also able to make it point to you, Neph, and Effie. But not Jet. I puzzled over how it worked for a long time... and after a while, I started to suspect that it's because Jet doesn't have a True Name. Or at least I don't know what her True Name is."

Indeed, Soul Reaper was simply Jet's nickname, not her True Name. Actually, even Sunny did not know if she had one.

The blind girl, meanwhile, continued:

"I got that idea, actually, after we saw Devouring Beast. The Guiding Light only points to Effie, and not her. That is strange, considering that they are the same person. Only... I think that once somebody becomes Corrupted, their very nature start to change. So, they lose their True Name, or maybe it changes as well."

She studied the walls of the spacious chamber and said:

"I think that if we had the Guiding Light and asked it to point us to Wind Flower... it would have pointed directly at this woman."

Sunny frowned, then asked quietly:

"Alright. Let's say that you are correct... still, the question remains. Who the hell is this Wind Flower?"

Cassie suddenly coughed and looked away in embarrassment.

"That, uh... I don't know."

He stared at her in confusion.

'Then why the hell did she go on and on about the Guiding Light, True Names, and all that? We are exactly where we started this conversation!'

Shaking his head, he took a deep breath and asked:

"So... what do we do now? We wanted to come here to find a way to escape Wind Flower... Aletheia's Island... whatever this place is actually called. Do we just wake her up and hope that she's not some terrifying Defiled abomination?"

Cassie shook her head.

"She's not Defiled. She is a Transcendent human... a Saint."

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"How do you know?"

The blind girl raised an eyebrow.

"How do you not know? I used my Dormant Ability to read her runes. You can do... whatever it is you do to look inside people."

He blinked a couple of times.

Right... he could do that.

Shifting his perception, he peered into the soul of the sleeping woman. She had a single radiant core, its brightness similar in intensity to that of a fully saturated Transcendent soul core.

However...

His expression dimmed.

At the very heart of the beautiful radiance, almost unnoticeable... there was a tiny seed of encroaching darkness. It was small and insignificant, for now. But Sunny knew that it would grow.

Because that was how Corruption was. It spread and consumed everything, until there was nothing pure left.

The woman might not be Defiled yet, but she was going to be soon.

'...She won't, though.'

The thought appeared in Sunny's mind almost on its own. He contemplated its meaning for a few moments, then tilted his head slightly.

'Right. She won't.'

For as long as the woman remained on Aletheia's Island, inside the loop, she was not going to be Corrupted - if she could hold out for a single day. At the end of the day, the time would rewind itself, and whatever progress the vile darkness had made would be erased.

Therefore...

For her, this island was like a sanctuary.

Was that why she was here? It had to be.

Sunny sighed, then looked at Cassie and hesitated for a moment.

"So... are we really going to wake her up?"

The blind girl shrugged.

"What's the worst that can happen?"

Sunny stared at her with wide eyes.

"What? Why on Earth would you say that?! You of all people should know not to..."

He suddenly fell silent, afraid that his furious whisper would wake up the sleeping woman.

However, he did not have to worry.

She remained peacefully asleep.

In fact, nothing they did seemed to wake her up. By the time the revolution ended, it had become apparent that the mysterious woman's slumber was not a natural one.

Instead, it seemed... eternal.

**********


                                Chapter 1447 Different Approach
--------------------
"So, what do we do now?" The cohort was hidden between the cliffs on the northern side of the island. Effie was pillaging the Covetous Coffer while Jet and Nephis sat tiredly on the ground. They had taken point in the battle against the Cavern Terror, but strangely enough, Sunny and Cassie seemed more drained.

The blind girl shook her head in dejection. "I'm... not sure."

They had just shared their findings. The method to infiltrate Aletheia's Tower, the remains of a slain Great Tyrant, the sleeping woman on the top floor... and how they had failed to wake her up.

Sunny was in a grim mood. They had wasted so much time and effort, but had nothing to show for it. The escape from the island seemed just as impossible as it had before. 'Curse it.'

He remained silent for a few moments, then glanced at Nephis.

There was something gnawing at him. "Cassie said that you've met one of the Nine?"

That question held no real importance for their current situation, but he felt curious. Perhaps knowing more about the former master of the island could help them think of a new solution.

Neph looked at him with a hint of surprise. "Yes, I did."

Sunny did not react much to her confirmation. "Was it in your Second Nightmare?"

He was more or less certain of it, but, unexpectedly, Nephis shook her head. "No... I met him in the Nightmare Desert."

Everyone was confused by her answer - Effie and Jet because they did not know who the Nine were, Sunny and Cassie because they did.

How could a person from the ancient past of the Dream Realm be alive in the present day?

Noticing their confusion, Nephis explained:

"When I first entered the Nightmare Desert, I found two skeletons nailed to a mystical tree. One called himself Azarax the Mighty, and the other called himself Eurys of the Nine. I got the impression that they were left on that tree as punishment."

She paused for a moment, then added quietly:

"That Eurys, he told me that he was a humble slave who had angered the gods by slitting the throat of one of them. I'm not sure if his words can be trusted, though... to me, it seemed like he had been a high-ranking soldier of the Demon Army. In any case, I took him off the tree, and he guided me to the Underworld. We parted not long before I entered the Nightmare."

Sunny stared at her in bewilderment. 'Well, that... is a wild story. Two talking skeletons nailed to a tree? Sure, the Nightmare Desert is full of old bones that refuse to stay dead. However, none of those I've seen ever spoke to me.'

For a moment, he remembered visiting Neph's dream right after she had returned from her Second Nightmare. Had there not been a terrible tree there, with two figures cruelly nailed to its trunk?

'And what was it about slitting a god's throat? Surely, that was a play on words...'

Right?

'Interesting.'

Auro had been a soldier of the War God's empire. However, this Eurys seemed to have participated in the Doom War on the side of the daemons. Aletheia, meanwhile, had come to the Tomb of Ariel - perhaps the only place where the war had never reached.

Just what was he supposed to make of it?

If there was one unfortunate conclusion Sunny had to make... it was that knowing about Eurys of the Nine did not help him at all.

Aletheia's Island still seemed inescapable. The tower, which had been their hope for the last dozen or so revolutions, seemed to be a dead end.

Cassie let out a heavy sigh. "We should probably try to wake up that woman again. If nothing helps... although I don't like it, we might want to try attacking her."

Sunny raised an eyebrow. "You want to kill her?"

The blind girl frowned, remained silent for a few moments, then said quietly: "If that is what it takes, I am."

He was somewhat surprised. Cassie... had changed more than he had thought. The shy girl he had known on the Forgotten Shore would have never thought of killing a bystander without provocation, even if it could help her.

Or rather, she would not have thought of it if given another choice.

'Well, why am I surprised?'

The past years had changed all of them. Sunny was not the same person he had been on the Forgotten Shore... he hoped that it was for the best. Cassie would not have stayed the same, either.

He sighed. "Actually, we don't need to wake her."

Everyone looked at him questioningly. After a few moments of silence, Nephis shifted slightly: "Do you mean..."

Sunny nodded. He had visited Neph's dream once... so he could visit the sleeping woman's dreams, as well. That way, they would not need to wake her.

It was all thanks to Nightmare and one of his Abilities, [Dreamwalker]. It allowed the dreadful steed to travel through dreams... and take his master with him.

"Yeah. I can get Nightmare to transport me into this woman's dreams. Perhaps she will tell me something that can help us escape the island."

The others looked at him somberly. After a while, Jet asked: "Are you sure you want to visit the mind of a Saint who is slowly being Corrupted, Sunny? It... might be dangerous."

Effie, nodded. "Listen, Sunny... I'm sure that you've visited the dreams of many a young lady even without the help of that scary horse of yours, but this is different. This Defilement, you guys think that it spreads simply through knowing a secret, right? What if you learn that secret in her dream?"

Sunny shrugged. "It's not that I want to do it, it's that I have to. Don't worry... too much. I'll be careful."

He still had the Mirror of Truth. If push came to shove, he would use it to copy Neph's [Longing] and get Nightmare to carry him away from the mysterious Saint's dream as fast as possible.

It... actually sounded like a plan.

He nodded. "Then it's decided. Cassie and I will go to Aletheia's Tower again come the next revolution."

'And hopefully, this time, we won't leave empty-handed.'

**********


                                Chapter 1448 A Beautiful Dream
--------------------
Finding themselves back on the deck of the Chain Breaker, Cassie and Sunny did not waste any time. After bringing Jet back, they sent her and Nephis to find Effie. Then, they hurried toward Aletheia's Tower.

By now, traversing this area of the misty forest had become a routine for them. They knew just where to go, and when. Nevertheless, both of Cassie's Echoes had to be sacrificed along the way.

Now that they did not have to study the runes cut into the black cliff, there was even some time to rest while they waited for dusk. Hidden away from the killing field surrounding the tower, they shared a haphazard meal and waited.

Sunny studied Cassie's face in the darkness. She seemed calm and collected... but he knew that she had to be struggling to stay sane just as much as he had struggled after living through his own first few revolutions.

Aletheia's Island... was just too cruel and harrowing of a hell. In fact, Sunny was not sure what his mental state would have been if Cassie had not joined him in the knowledge of the loop. Having someone steady to share the burden... was truly a blessing.

Perhaps that was the reason the blind girl seemed less affected by the gruesome things they had lived through here. Unlike him, she had always had a partner to support her.

Still...

He hesitated for a moment, then asked:

"How are you doing?"

Cassie smiled.

Her smile was faint and fleeting, just like it had been ever since their meeting in Fallen Grace.

"I am fine."

Sunny wanted her to say more, but Cassie kept herself closed off. It was strange, really... there had been a time when they were close as siblings, and a time when they were like strangers. The ice between them thawed eventually, but it took Sunny a long time to want to mend their relationship. Now that he was trying, though... Cassie seemed unwilling.

He simply did not know what was happening in that head of hers. Actually, he suspected that no one knew - even Nephis, who was the closest to the blind girl, could not tell what Cassie was thinking.

Perhaps that was the curse of being a seer.

Sunny sighed.

'I am way too oblivious about these things to navigate through such a mess.'

But he had to try, at least.

"Well, if you want to talk about it, I'm here."

Cassie nodded.

"Thank you. It means a lot."

However, it seemed as if she was thinking about something else.

Shaking his head slightly, Sunny rose and summoned his bow.

"It's almost time."

They destroyed the enchantment protecting Aletheia's tower, led Devouring Beast to the released Nightmare Creatures, and slipped past them. Ascending the stone steps, they opened the gate of the tower and hid inside, then climbed to its top floor.

Finally, Sunny and Cassie arrived at Wind Flower's chamber.

Everything here was the same. Calling upon Nightmare, Sunny approached the perfectly preserved bed and looked at the woman sleeping on it through the half-transparent canopy.

The mysterious Saint... was a rare beauty, without a doubt. Her dark skin was smooth and dewy, without a single blemish on it. The lines of her exquisite face were soft and lovely. Her wavy hair was like glistening black silk, while her archaic robe was of a rich azure color, with vivid white accents.

As she dreamt, her expression was vulnerable and innocent. It was... a captivating sight. Sunny found it hard not to let his heart be moved as he looked at the sleeping beauty.

The world itself seemed warmer and softer around her, as if caressed by a gentle wind.

He sighed.

"I'm going. Cassie, you... stay safe. Please."

With that, he took a step back and dissolved into the shadows. Nightmare was already waiting for him in their embrace - his vast form wrapped itself around Sunny, and then...

They were somewhere else.

And yet, they were exactly where they had been.

Sunny was still on the top floor of Aletheia's Tower. However, it looked different.

The wide bed was empty. Cassie was nowhere to be seen. The floating lanterns were gone. Instead, the chamber was drowned in bright light that poured through the windows - Nightmare had to hide in the deep shadows in the corner of the spacious room to avoid it.

'That's... not right.'

Since when was Aletheia's Island so bright?

Wary, Sunny slowly walked to the window and looked outside.

His eyes narrowed slightly.

Below him... was the familiar island. However, it had changed entirely. The suffocating mist was gone, revealing the beautiful green expanse of the pine forest. The trees bathed in warm sunlight, swaying slightly in the wind. Here and there, clear streams flowed. The killing field surrounding the tower was drowning in flowers.

The stone bridge was empty, with no Nightmare Creatures in sight. In fact... without the mist, Sunny was supposed to see the towering figure of Devouring Beast wandering the forest. However, she was nowhere to be seen.

There was no harrowing creature in the clear blue sky, either. Aletheia's Island... seemed utterly devoid of danger. Instead, it seemed like a tranquil, beautiful, and peaceful place.

A paradise.

'This... is her dream?'

Sunny knew that he was inside a dream. However, the space around him did not seem like one. It was much more solid, defined, and permanent than the few dreams he had visited in the past.

'What the hell is going on?'

"It's a wonderful day, isn't it?"

That voice...

Sunny flinched and turned around.

A woman had just entered the chamber, carrying a bouquet of fresh flowers. It was her... the beautiful sleeping Saint of Aletheia's Tower.

She was awake. Or rather... in her dream, she was.

Sunny took an involuntary step back. Despite how lovely the woman was, he couldn't help but feel wary of her.

His voice was slightly hoarse:

"Who are you?"

The beautiful Saint raised an eyebrow and smiled.

"Me? I am Wind Flower."

Then, a hint of amusement appeared on her charming face.

"But why are you asking? And why... are you here again?"

**********


                                Chapter 1449 Left Behind
--------------------
'Wind Flower...'

So Cassie was right. Wind Flower was the True Name of the mysterious Saint in front of him, and after the memories of the original master of the island - Aletheia - had disappeared from the memory of the River People, they started calling this place after its current resident. In time, even that knowledge was erased by time and the collapse of the River People civilization. All that remained was a name that had lost all meaning.

Everyone who remembered Wind Flower were gone, and yet, the person to whom that name belonged remained. Trapped in a dream that lay in the heart of Aletheia's Island. However...

Sunny was caught by surprise because of something else the beautiful Saint said. He suppressed the desire to take another step back, frowned, and said tensely:

"I am asking because I don't know, and I am here in hope of finding a way to escape this island. But... again? Why did you say that I am here again?"

Wind Flower studied his face for a few moments, still smiling. Her gaze lingered at the Crown of Twilight, then shifted away.

Letting out a melodious chuckle, she walked to a beautiful porcelain vase and put the bouquet of wild flowers she had been holding inside. Then, she let out a sigh.

"I see. This is our first meeting. How exciting!"

Sunny was not convinced. Why would Wind Flower act as though she had recognized him? It could only mean one of two things...

He hesitated for a moment.

"Are you not affected by the loop?"

She shrugged.

"My body is, but my consciousness isn't. Here in this dream palace, I am free to live my days in peace."

Her smile dimmed a little, and a hint of darkness appeared in her beautiful azure eyes.

"I must admit, though... young man, you have rather poor manners. Not only have you intruded upon a lady's dream without an invitation, but you've also neglected to introduce yourself. I feel at a disadvantage."

Sunny coughed.

"Ah... please accept my sincere apology, Saint Wind Flower. I'm not exactly familiar with the etiquette of visiting people's dreams. My name is Sunless."

'If she is not beholden to the loop...'

Then she had indeed met Sunny before. Which, of course, was impossible - this was definitely his first time entering the... the Dream Palace where Wind Flower's soul resided.

Either Sunny had spent much longer on Aletheia's Island than he had suspected, somehow losing his memories of becoming aware of the loop the first time around... or she had mistaken him for the Mad Prince.

The latter was much more probable, and also meant that the odious madman had visited the island in the past. But why? And what had he spoken with Wind Flower about? What was the bastard scheming?

Mysterious, mysterious... all of it was so mysterious! Sunny had so many questions!

But would Wind Flower answer his questions? Was she a friend, or was she a foe?

He hesitated.

The beautiful Saint, meanwhile, looked at him in confusion.

"...Saint Wind Flower? Why do you call me a saint?"

Sunny blinked.

'Right...'

The people of the waking world used the word "Saint" to denote those Awakened who had conquered the Third Nightmare and Transcended. A native of the Dream Realm would not recognize the term.

He scratched his head.

"It's just what my people call Transcendents. A... a honorific, I guess."

Wind Flower smiled.

"Ah. I see. Well, Sunless... it is very nice to meet you. You are the second person to visit me in all this time. Very few beings possess the ability to travel through dreams, you know."

Sunny nodded.

"To be fair, I don't possess such an Ability. It's my horse who does."

Wind Flower looked into the corner where Nightmare was hiding among the shadows. Her pleasant smile widened a little.

"I've noticed. It's certainly extravagant, to use a Terror as a steed. You must be quite powerful to have the loyalty of such a creature, Sunless. And to wear that crown."

Sunny hesitated for a moment, then briefly touched the Crown of Twilight. His expression was complicated.

Did she know what the Crown of Twilight was because she had seen the Mad Prince wear it?

He asked cautiously:

"You recognize it, my lady?"

The beautiful Saint studied him for a while, a small smile playing on her soft lips.

Then, she laughed.

"How could I not? Ah, let me introduce myself properly - I am Wind Flower of the Twilight Sea. King Daeron, the Serpent King, is my father. Or rather, he was... considering that you are wearing the Memory of his crown, Sunless, he must have died by your hand."

Time seemed to slow down for Sunny. He stared at the beautiful Saint... the princess... silently, not knowing what to do.

'So... I am her father's killer...'

That was not ideal, to say the least. He had already been wary of Wind Flower, and knowing that there was blood between them only made that wariness grow. Who would want to stand in front of a mysterious, partially Corrupted Saint after slaying her father?

Of course, Daeron of the Twilight Sea had already succumbed to Corruption himself by the time Sunny killed him, so there was no rational reason for the enchanting princess to hate him.

But when had people even been rational?

'Wait a minute...'

There was another revelation in what she had said. Wind Flower easily identified the Crown of Dawn as a Memory... which meant that she knew about the Spell. Was its carrier, most likely.

Sunny's eyes narrowed.

'Well, of course she is.'

If she was Daeron's daughter, then she was not one of the River People. Instead, she was a challenger of this Nightmare, just like Sunny. No, not quite... only Masters could challenge the Third Nightmare. And since she was a Saint, she had either achieved Transcendence inside the Tomb of Ariel... or had come inside with her father, in order to guide the future challengers with him.

Noticing Sunny's unease, Wind Flower smiled.

"I see you are starting to get it. Indeed, I am not the real Princess Wind Flower. I am merely a copy of her, conjured by the Nightmare Spell. She... is long dead by now, I think. And yet, I remain."

Sunny's face paled.

This was the first time he had met an inhabitant of a Nightmare who was aware of their nature. He didn't quite know how to behave in front of her.

Was this Wind Flower dead or alive? Was she real or not? Was she a mere echo of a real person, or a true living being created by the Spell for the duration of the Nightmare?

Wind Flower sighed, glanced at the Crown of Twilight one more time, and walked over to the window. Gazing at the beautiful vista of this dreamy version of Aletheia's Island, she spoke:

"Back then, my father and his most loyal warriors braved the White Desert and entered the Tomb of Ariel. I was one of them. Our goal was to imprint our souls into the Great River, so that when challengers entered this Nightmare, there was someone to help them conquer it."

She sighed lightly.

"It was a gamble, of course... a desperate one, considering that our world was dying. It was already being consumed by the Dream Realm, and despite all our struggles, we had failed to rise to the challenge of the Spell. My father was the only Supreme of our people, and there was not going to be another. At least not in time to turn the tide of destruction. So... he came up with a plan to raise an army of Transcendent warriors in this unique Nightmare."

Wind Flower's shoulders fell.

"...That plan failed, as well."

Sunny was staring at her with wide eyes, his thoughts in turmoil.

'What... wait...'

Taking a step forward, he raised his hands and asked, his voice hoarse:

"Wait... you world? Being consumed by the Dream Realm? What do you mean?"

The beautiful Saint turned and looked at him in surprise. Her enchanting azure eyes were full of confusion.

Then, she smiled.

Shaking her head, Wind Flower chuckled and said, her words sending Sunny's mind reeling:

"What... did you think that yours was the only world that the Nightmare Spell infected, Sunless? Of course not. There were others. Yours is not the first..."

She lingered for a moment, then added with a hint of amusement:

"However, it will be the last."

**********


                                Chapter 1450 Seventh Realm
--------------------
Sunny was reeling from the sudden deluge of impossible knowledge that Wind Flower had so casually shared with him. The relationship between the waking world and the Dream Realm... the vague theories about the Nightmare Spell he and Nephis had discussed... everything he knew was suddenly upturned. He remained silent for a while, then weakly raised a hand, summoned the Shadow Chair, and sat down.

Watching him, the beautiful Saint tilted her head slightly and laughed.

"What an interesting Memory..."

Walking away from the window, she found a chair of her own, then picked up an elegant porcelain kettle and poured fragrant tea into two cups.

Sunny took a deep breath.

"I... I did think that my world - we call it the waking world - was the only one infected by Nightmare Spell. Oh, I was never sure, though."

Wind Flower pushed one of the cups toward him and shook his head.

"It seems that your people are less knowledgeable about the past than mine were. Ah, but we were rather ignorant, as well. Still, we knew that there were many realms before the End War. Some were connected to each other, some were far apart. Some were considered mortal realms, while some were considered divine. Each of the gods had a realm of their own."

She looked into the window and took a sip of tea.

"The mortal realms were where the war between the daemons and the gods took place. By the end of it, most of them had been turned into desolate graveyards. They have become the core of the Dream Realm, where Corruption reigns."

Sunny forced his hand to remain steady as he raised his cup and tasted Wind Flower's tea. It was pleasant and soothing, but left a tinge of bitterness on his tongue.

Of course... it made sense. The Dream Realm had always seemed like a patchwork world, with different regions of it inexplicably possessing different skies, celestial bodies, and even laws. The Forgotten Shore, the Chained Isles, the Hollow Mountains, the Nightmare Desert - they did seem more like different worlds that had been roughly smashed together than natural parts of a single whole.

He took a deep breath.

"...What about the divine realms?"

The beautiful Saint smiled.

"Those were left untouched by the war. Even after the gods died, their realms remained. They were isolated from the mortal ones and each other, as well, and so were left untouched by the spreading Corruption... at least for a while. Naturally, there were six of them."

Sunny did not say anything, prompting Wind Flower to continue:

"The world where I come from was one of those six realms. It is similar to the Great River, actually... a beautiful world covered entirely by water, with countless islands rising from it like gems. A world of storms, winds, and stars. Well... it was, before. By now, it must have been consumed by the Dream Realm already."

Sunny's hand finally trembled.

Bringing the cup to his lips, he lingered for a moment, then asked:

"What... what do you mean, consumed?"

Wind Flower leaned back in her chair and sighed.

"From your reaction, it seems that your people have not experienced the worst of it yet. What is the Rank of the most terrible Gate that has opened in this Waking World of yours?"

He frowned.

"A Category Five... a Great Nightmare Gate, I suppose."

The beautiful Saint looked at him with pity.

"I see. Then it will start soon. Once more of them start to appear, pieces of your world will begin to be assimilated by the Dream Realm. Piece by piece, your world will eventually be swallowed entirely, becoming a part of the Dream Realm... just like the other five divine realms have already become a part of it. That is why I said that your world will be the last one the Spell ever infects. Once it's gone, there won't be anywhere left for it to spread to."

'Become... a part... of the Dream Realm?'

Sunny shivered.

How had Wind Flower described her world? A world of storms, winds, and stars. Didn't it sound like the Stormsea, the region of the Dream Realm controlled by the House of Night?

Had the Stormsea been a world like Earth once, where mundane people lived and struggled, and where the Spell had appeared one day, forcing them on the path of Ascension?

A world that had eventually lost to the tide of Nightmare Gates and was destroyed, becoming another one of the desolate hells of the Dream Realm... just like four more worlds before it?

Would Sunny's world share the same fate?

He shook his head.

"But... why? Why is this happening? Why does the Spell infect different worlds, and why are they being consumed by the Dream Realm? Where do Nightmare Gates come from? How can we stop it?"

Wind Flower sipped her tea and smiled.

"Sunless... if I knew the answers to these questions, do you think I would be sitting here, imprisoned in a dream on a cursed island, with all my people gone, and my world destroyed?"

She chuckled.

"Whatever the path to victory is... my people have already lost. You still have a chance, at least. A better chance than we did, even - from what I saw, your world is much stronger than mine was. Otherwise, a mere Ascended like you would have never been able to slay my father, no matter how far he was gone because of the Corruption."

The beautiful Saint looked away and lingered for a while. Finally, a hint of sorrow crept into her sweet voice:

"...How did he die, in the end?"

Sunny did not speak until the pain of the Flaw forced him to answer.

How did one tell a person about killing their father? Sunny was not the most tactful of people, but even he knew better than to try and make his voice sound soft. Being nonchalant about the whole thing did not seem right, either.

He sighed.

"From what I know, he went mad after Twilight was lost. By the time we met, he was like a rabid beast... but even then, he was a king among them. I watched him battle many Nightmare Creatures much more powerful than him, and yet, none could defeat your father. After a while... he was severely wounded and weakened. I used that moment to attack, and won after a ferocious battle. Even then, I would have died as well, if not for my companion."

He paused, and then added respectfully:

"I am sorry for your loss, Lady Wind Flower."

She remained silent for a while, looking away.

The sight of her elegant profile was both sad and beautiful.

...Eventually, Wind Flower smiled.

"Don't be. What is the point of being sorry? He was merely a copy, just like me. I am sure that my real father met a much more glorious end in the true Tomb of Ariel. Who knows? He might have even escaped it."

Wind Flower shook her head and looked at him with a smile.

"But you and your companions are different from me, Sunless. You are here to challenge the Nightmare. So... did you say that you wanted to escape Aletheia's Island?"

Her azure eyes sparkled with dark amusement.

"I'll help you. Helping challengers conquer this Nightmare was my original goal, after all...

**********

