Shadow Slave - PART 137
Chapters 1361 to 1370
==============================


                                Chapter 1361 Devoured by Time
--------------------
'Challengers just like us... each and every one of them.'

Sunny remained silent for a while, a complicated expression on his face. He was remembering the very beginning of the Nightmare, and the strange words the Spell had spoken...

[Thirteen million, seven hundred thousand, and seventy-seven brave ones... welcome to the Nightmare!]

Back then, he had been understandably stunned and confused. There was no explanation for that number, considering that there were not even a million Awakened in the waking world. The start of the Nightmare had been abnormal in more than one way, though, and so he tentatively attributed these words to an error made by the Spell.

However, Sunny had never been truly convinced that the Spell was even capable of being mistaken. So, what if it had been correct?

He slowly exhaled.

"They are."

Cassie turned her head slightly, confused.

"How can it be?"

Sunny lingered for a few moments, then shrugged.

"I'm not sure. But I know for a fact that the people of Twilight were challengers. It is because... we've met King Daeron, Nephis and I."

It was written in the description of the Crown of Twilight - "thus, the valiant king became a guide who guarded his people in their nightmares". That had been Daeron's entire plan, to enter the Tomb of Ariel so that a phantom of him would be conjured by the Spell to guide his people when they challenged the Nightmare.

It had already seemed strange when Sunny first read the runes. However, back then, he had not met Ananke yet... and therefore, had not learned that there were no Nightmares in the ancient past of the Dream Realm.

So where had the Serpent King and his people come from?

"You've... met the Serpent King?"

Cassie's voice trembled a little.

Sunny and Nephis glanced at each other, and then briefly described their long journey into the past. With each sentence Sunny spoke, the story sounded more and more implausible.

Great Nightmare Creatures, furious storms of broken time, ghost ships that appeared out of nowhere just when they were needed... it was very much like the fairy tale of astonishing adventures that Ananke had told him. And yet, it was all true, of course.

Because Sunny was the one telling it.

"...And so, we repaired the ship as best we could and set sail in search of Fallen Grace. There were many battles on the way, but as you can see, we are both in one piece."

He paused for a moment, and then added somberly:

"None of the Nightmare Creatures we faced was as terrible as the Azure Serpent had been, though. As Daeron of the Twilight Sea had been."

Cassie frowned.

"I've heard that Twilight had its own culture and was an independent city, not at all similar to the ones established by the sybils. I also heard that they were tremendously powerful and even laid siege to Verge, at one point, which ended in disaster. Many of the Twilight people were Outsiders, maybe even all of them. But... challengers? Where could they have come from?"

Sunny slumped in his chair, thinking. Eventually, he said with doubt:

"Maybe... maybe they came from the future of the waking world? Either that, or they were the last remnants of the Dream Realm humans, from the time of extinction after the Doom War had ended. Seeds of Nightmares should have first appeared sometime between when the sybils entered the Tomb and when the Spell infected our world. So... maybe Daeron ruled then, during the twilight of human civilization in the aftermath of the war."

Wasn't that also what the description of the Crown of Twilight said? "There was a king who ruled over a dying land..."

Nephis sighed.

"It is strange, though. If these people were indeed challengers, they would have entered the Nightmare by taking someone's place. Were there thirteen million humans inhabiting the Great River, even? I doubt it."

She lingered for a few moments, then added somberly:

"There is one thing that concerns me much more, though. Cassie, you said that Twilight was not destroyed, but lost... devoured by time. None of us knows what it means, exactly, but we do know that the Serpent King at least managed to escape. He was a demented beast when we met him, his soul consumed by Corruption. So... will we find millions of powerful Nightmare Creatures when we reach Twilight? Is that lost city an even bigger threat than Verge?"

Sunny suddenly felt cold. As he considered her dreadful words, Cassie said in a cautious tone:

"There is such a possibility. The inhabitants of Twilight can also be long dead. Lastly... there is also a possibility that we will find millions of powerful Awakened warriors, not abominations, when we reach Twilight."

He blinked.

'She's... right.'

Twilight could turn out to be a dire threat, but it could also be hiding an army of allies they sorely needed to destroy Verge and conquer the Nightmare.

There was no point in guessing, either way.

Sunny sighed.

"We'll find out when we get there. And we do need to get there - we can't leave Kai behind. We also need Mordret and his power to take on Verge, and his knowledge to eliminate the Soul Stealer."

He looked at Nephis, then at Cassie.

"...There are no objections, right?"

Nephis shook her head.

"Our goal remains the same. Gather the cohort and eliminate the First Seeker... who is far downstream, in the city of Verge. Under the protection of the Six Plagues."

She frowned slightly.

"Although... the task does seem too perilous. There has to be a way to accomplish it, or the Spell wouldn't have sent us here. So, we must be lacking some key piece of information or an important advantage, still. Twilight might very well be the place where that secret is hidden."

Sunny nodded.

"So, we're in agreement then? Let's go fetch Effie and Jet first, then sail to Twilight to retrieve Kai and Mordret. When everyone is gathered and we had learned everything there is to learn, we'll attack Vege."

Cassie remained silent for a few moments, then said quietly:

"I agree. However, we must not forget one crucial detail."

Her beautiful face turned solemn.

"I doubt that the Six Plagues will just remain idle and allow us to gather forces. If they are truly the future versions of ourselves... they must already know what our next steps will be. It would be easy for them to try and stop us."

Sunny didn't even want to think about the paradoxical mess of having his future Defiled self hunting him down.

However, he wasn't opposed to it.

Imagining the vile, scarred face of the Mad Prince, he grinned darkly.

"Let them come... I would love to meet the bastards, too."

**********


                                Chapter 1362 No Other Choice
--------------------
Some time later, the three of them were walking across the pier, followed by an excited crowd. The two guards were not far behind, either - they never left Cassie's side. The golden chain was ringing softly with each step she took.

The elderly citizens of Fallen Grace were overflowing with joy at the sight of their young and beautiful priestess, though, seemingly oblivious to the ominous meaning behind the golden shackles. The news of the arrival of two Outsiders had spread throughout the city, as well.

The mood was festive.

Sunny studied their faces through the shadows, then turned to Cassie and said silently:

"You seem to be very popular. They absolutely adore you."

A faint smile appeared on her face.

"...It's Dusk, not me. And how could they not? She was a wise and benevolent ruler, not to mention a champion of the city. It was because of the sybils that the River People could defend themselves against the Defilement. Most importantly... I am both the most powerful Awakened and the only Outsider left in Fallen Grace. If they lose their faith in me and their love for me, then all they'll have left will be despair."

She let out a wistful sigh.

"They only love me because they have no other choice."

Sunny remained silent for a few moments, somewhat stunned by how cynical that statement sounded. It bothered him a great deal, for some reason.

Then, he shook his head.

"Still, you must have done a lot to earn their trust. Surviving a year in the Third Nightmare could not have been easy. Especially alone."

He had already seen Fallen Grace and its people. They were not the kind of force he had hoped to find... and while Cassie had not gone into detail when describing her attempts to defend the city against the attacking Defiled, it was easy to surmise that protecting it was more of a burden than a boon.

Her days must have been filled with countless battles and narrow victories. It was a miracle that Fallen Grace still stood.

She smiled.

"Ah... well, yes. After the initial chaos, I led the remaining warriors into battle many times, and killed many abominations. It was indeed not easy. But I wasn't really alone."

Cassie gestured to the crowd following them at a respectful distance, as well as at the two silent guards.

"The people of Fallen Grace might have grown weak, but they are valiant and brave. I also had several Echoes to assist me."

'...Right.'

Neph had once brought back a powerful Echo from the Nightmare Desert, a Fallen Demon with six arms. That Echo had been given to one of the Fire Keepers before his cohorts challenged a Seed of Nightmare. She would have arranged for a powerful bodyguard or two for Cassie, as well.

Sunny tilted his head.

"How strong are your Echoes, exactly?"

The blind girl remained silent for a moment.

"You already know the Quiet Dancer. Her power is augmented by a special Memory I received from Valor, albeit not by much. There is also an artificial Echo Neph procured for me from the clan, as well, equal in power to a Fallen Monster. And... there is an Echo I earned here in the Tomb of Ariel myself. A... Transcendent Beast, of sorts."

He raised an eyebrow.

"Of sorts?"

Cassie let out a quiet sigh.

"It's the Echo of the senior sybil I killed. I try not to summon her where the citizens of Fallen Grace can see."

Sunny flinched a little. After a few moments of silence, Nephis suddenly spoke, her voice even:

"You alone should be enough to deal with two Masters. With a Transcendent Echo, those guards of yours stand no chance whatsoever. What is the point of them following you around?"

Cassie smiled sadly.

"...Yes. There's no real point. I can easily kill them, and I can easily break out of these chains. They know it perfectly well. But they are loyal and devoted to their duty... and so, I remain in chains out of respect for their devotion. Isn't it sad? The fact that I am only guarded by two Masters should tell you everything you need to know about how desperate Fallen Grace's situation is. Unless we act, it will be swallowed by the Defilement soon enough."

Sunny sighed, trying to imagine what had happened to the real Fallen Grace... and real Dusk. He knew that the last sybil had been buried at sea, her body eventually becoming the vessel of a Corrupted Terror.

The existence of the Terror of LO49 was proof that the civilization of the Great River had met a sorrowful end.

And it would meet it again if they failed to conquer the Nightmare...

Just then, they reached the end of the pier and walked across a wooden plank to the deck of the ghostly ship. The crowd stayed back, with only the two guards following them aboard the ancient vessel.

Cassie froze, lowering her hands and staring into nothingness with her beautiful blue eyes. After a while, he said softly:

"Sunny... can you look at the sacred tree?"

He did as he was told, belatedly realizing that the blind girl must have used her Ascended Ability to share his perception. Although he didn't feel anything, it also felt strangely... violating.

There was no harm done, but for someone as secretive as Sunny, sharing was an uncomfortable process.

'I wonder if she sees the bastard.'

He threw a furtive glance at the Sin of Solace, who stood motionlessly below the tree, and suppressed his discomfort.

They walked around the ship for a while, allowing Cassie to study both its exterior and interior. She was the person who knew the true Chain Breaker best, after all, so they needed her judgment to rid themselves of doubt.

Eventually, the blind girl stopped near the sacred tree and gently placed her palm on the white bark.

After a few moments of silence, she sighed and turned to them.

"It's the Chain Breaker. I am certain."

Sunny and Nephis grew somber.

They had suspected as much, of course... but still, a slight hope that it was merely a similar vessel still lived in their hearts.

Now, it was utterly extinguished.

Cassie pointed here and there, describing her findings.

"...the essence channels are severely damaged, but their shape is unmistakable. I repaired them myself once, after all, so I know every small detail of how Noctis had carved new enchantments into the older ones created by the Fire Hunters. It's his ship... our ship. There are many differences, but the core is the same."

Sunny grimaced.

"But how the hell can it be here? And how did we end up finding it?"

The blind girl hesitated, then somberly shook her head.

"That, I cannot answer."

He closed his eyes, then rubbed his face tiredly.

'What the hell is going on... what the hell has been going on from the start of this damned Nightmare? There are too many unexplainable things!'

Sunny's tolerance for mysteries was at its limits.

Cassie lingered for a few moments, then suddenly spoke:

"I can tell you one thing, though."

Both Sunny and Nephis looked at her, waiting.

She pointed to the deck below her feet and smiled.

"...I think I can repair the enchantments again. If you give me some time, the Chain Breaker will be able to fly once more."

**********


                                Chapter 1363 The Shadow, the Star, and the Oracle
--------------------
The news that the Chain Breaker could be restored to its former... future?... glory was a welcome one. However, it was going to take time for Cassie to repair it. They were also going to need a lot of materials, as well as plenty of help from the locals of Fallen Grace.

There were experienced shipbuilders among them. Sunny and Nephis had only patched up the ancient vessel well enough for it to not sink immediately, but there were a lot of things they weren't able to achieve. Now, the situation was different.

Just repairing the hull and the decks was going to take a few weeks. After that part was done, more intricate work would start - Cassie was going to have to restore the runic pathways that made the enchantments of the flying ship work.

That sounded like a lot of time.

Sunny and Nephis knew that an entire year had already passed within the Tomb of Ariel since the start of the Nightmare, and yet they felt uneasy wasting even a single day. The members of the cohort were somewhere out there, after all, their situations unknown. Perhaps they were in desperate need of help.

In the end, the three of them decided not to postpone their departure too much. Sunny and Nephis needed to rest, and the Chain Breaker had to receive urgent repairs... but since Cassie would be able to work on the enchantments alone, they were going to leave Fallen Grace as soon as the work on the damaged portions of the hull was finished.

Which left them with maybe two weeks of peaceful time to recover and prepare themselves.

Looking at the crimson blaze of dusk from the window of Cassie's private chambers, Sunny sighed.

The sky was a painting of beautiful red, and the Great River was like a sea of burning blood. The city below them was like a snow flower.

"...Are you going to be alright, leaving Fallen Grace behind?"

Turning away from the window, he looked at the blind girl. She was brewing tea, seemingly not at all inconvenienced by her golden shackles.

Nephis was nearby, too, studying the murals on the wall.

Cassie softly shook her head.

"I did get attached to these people. But what we are doing is for their sake, as well... if we don't strike at Verge, there is no future left for the River People. In a few years, or decades at most, they will be gone."

If they were the real River People, of course. As far as humans of the waking world knew, the world of the Nightmare would cease to exist as soon as the Seed was conquered. But... it was hard to make the distinction.

Sunny had never been able to, at least.

He walked over to the table and sat down.

"Do they understand that? Will they let you go?"

The two guards were standing just outside the door. Even though he could not see them, he could feel their shadows.

Cassie lingered for a few moments, pouring the tea into beautiful ceramic cups.

"They will. I'll explain it well... don't worry. Come, let's have some tea."

Nephis pulled her attention away from the murals and joined them at the table. Her face was calm and composed.

Raising her cup, she hesitated for a bit, then said in an even tone:

"I haven't had a chance to say it. But I... I missed you too. And I'm glad that we found each other, too."

She looked at Cassie, then at Sunny. Her gaze lingered on his face for a few extra moments.

Then, Nephis took a sip of the fragrant amber liquid and smiled faintly.

"It's like the good old times."

Sunny was considering saying something heartfelt as well, but then surrendered to the embarrassment of showing his true feelings and pretended to choke on his tea instead.

"Good? Which times exactly are you calling good? The time when I got skewered by a Carapace Centurion, or when that damned tree mesmerized us? Or when we were attacked by that depth dweller while crossing the dark sea at night?"

Nephis remained silent for a few moments, then nodded.

"...Yes."

He stared.

'If that's her idea of a good time... I'll be damned, that actually explains a lot...'

Sunny felt sorry for the guy who would take Changing Star on a date one day.

As he did, the Sin of Solace laughed derisively.

"Self-pity, huh?"

'Shut the hell up!'

He threw an angry glance at the sword wraith, then shook his head.

Who was he kidding? Sunny had felt nostalgic about the simple days of surviving on the Forgotten Shore many times. The hell of it... had also been like a dark paradise, for him.

Looking through a shadow, he studied the three of them - Nephis, Cassie, and himself.

'Gods.'

Each one of them had changed so much. They were practically unrecognizable... and it wasn't even because of how much their appearance had been transformed by the Awakening and the Ascension.

Back then... Sunny had been a powerless street rat who only cared about himself and how to keep his secret. Cassie had been a sweet, but helpless girl, broken by the severity of her crippling Flaw. Nephis had been an isolated young woman who didn't know much about the world, except for the fact that she was going to burn it to the ground.

'Look at us now.'

The scrawny kid from the outskirts was gone, replaced by a fair young man with eyes so cold and dark that it was easy to cut yourself on their chilling gaze. The helpless girl was now a beautiful young woman whose softness concealed unwavering will and ominous power. Nephis... had changed the most, perhaps, learning too many bitter lessons.

Their names were known across the world, and they had long lost count of all the powerful abominations cut down by their blades. Fallen, Corrupted, even Great. Devils, Terrors, even Titans.

There had been humans, too... Awakened, Masters, and even Saints.

Who would have thought that three teenagers that had met in the Crimson Labyrinth would be drinking tea in a hidden world created by a daemon one day, resting before setting sail to wage war on an entire city of Nightmare Creatures?

Sunny took a sip of his tea and shook his head.

'Life is sure funny sometimes.'

Still... it was damn good tea.

He hesitated for a while, and then said awkwardly:

"I... might have missed you, too. I'm glad that the three of us are once again together."

**********


                                Chapter 1364 Creating New Memories Together
--------------------
The Great River flowed endlessly. Somewhere in the future, the ruins of Weave drifted empty and silent, with no one left to witness their inevitable march toward destruction. Somewhere in the past, the city of Verge stood, harboring the hidden horrors of the Defilement. There was Twilight, too, mysterious and dreadful, lost to time.

...But here in Fallen Grace, the days were peaceful.

The work on the Chain Breaker started soon after Sunny, Nephis, and Cassie finished their tea. He visited the piers to observe the repairs, but there was really no point. The elderly citizens of the last human city knew how to tend to a ship much better than he did, and even though their bodies were ancient and frail, there were still some Awakened among them.

Their physical strength solved many problems, so Sunny did not need to help. The best he could do was not get in the way.

Knowing that there were many battles ahead, he dedicated his time to preparing as thoroughly as possible. Cassie and Nephis were doing the same. The latter was practicing her swordsmanship without rest, while the former... actually, Sunny was not entirely sure what their blind oracle was doing.

She spent a lot of time arranging measures to keep Fallen Grace safe in her absence, but also made a point of sparing as much of it as possible for him and Nephis. They had meals together, toured the city, and held long strategy meetings.

He was happy because the three of them were together again.

But it was also a bit strange.

Cassie had spent an entire year in the Nightmare... which meant that she was older than Sunny by a few months now, making him the youngest in the cohort. He had treated her as a little sister once, at the start of it all, so it felt odd to suddenly be the one who was younger.

But then again, age was such an abstract thing... especially so for the Awakened. Sunny himself had spent an unknown length of time in the dream prison created by Nightmare. Even though he had forgotten most of that cruel trial, his soul still remembered its scars.

Speaking of Nightmare, the dark destrier was his main priority for now. Sunny had been unsure that he would be able to create enough Memories to help his steed Ascend before departure from Fallen Grace, but he was pleasantly surprised to have been mistaken.

There were two main reasons for that. The first one was that Cassie had opened the treasury of the temple to supply him with the few soul shards he lacked. The second one was the Crown of Twilight.

Its [Legacy of Twilight] enchantment greatly enhanced the rate with which Sunny regenerated essence at dawn and dusk. Here in Fallen Grace, though, dusk lasted for nearly the entire day, interrupted only by a brief and fleeting night - as a result, his reserves of essence had become nearly inexhaustible.

...Which was a good thing for more than one reason. The three of them were destined to visit the lost city of the Serpent King, after all. Twilight was situated at the opposite edge of the Great River, where it was almost always dawn. Sunny was certain that having a boundless amount of essence at his disposal would come in handy, no matter what dangers they were going to face there.

For now, he concentrated on weaving Memories to feed Nightmare above all else. The counter of shadow fragments was rising with each day.

So was the counter of nightmares the tenebrous steed had subjugated, at a speed much greater than ever before. Maybe because of the nature of the Tomb of Ariel... but much more importantly, because of the River People.

In the waking world, his Shadow had very few ways of collecting nightmares - it was because the dreams of mundane humans were powerless, while Awakened never dreamed. It was only Masters and abominations that could supply his Shadow with suitable dreams to subjugate.

But Awakened of the Dream Realm - and therefore, the River People of the Tomb of Ariel - were different from those infected by the Spell. Their souls did not travel between worlds when they slept, and so, Nightmare could invade their dreams and conquer their fears.

As a result, the citizens of Fallen Grace enjoyed strangely blissful sleep during these days, while his Shadow received plenty of nightmares to add to his swarm.

At this rate, Sunny did not know what would happen first - the black steed's Ascension or return to full power as a Terror.

He worked tirelessly to weave more rudimentary Memories, and do it faster.

One after another, they were completed.

And then, finally... Sunny weaved the last of them.

The date of their departure was already drawing near when he did. Hidden in the spacious chambers Cassie had arranged for him within the temple, Sunny slowly dismissed his four shadow arms and put Weaver's Needle down.

Left in his human hand was a beautiful nacre ornament. What made it look so tantalizing was not the colorful sheen, though, but the ethereal weave hiding behind it.

"It's done."

Sunny exhaled slowly, then dismissed the ornament and stretched.

'I did it.'

He felt both tired and exhilarated. Nightmare only needed one more Transcendent Memory to reach Ascension - and now, that Memory was complete.

Standing up, Sunny looked at the crimson sky beyond the window. The night had already passed, which meant that his Shadow should have returned to its post. These days, the black steed was usually hiding in the shadows near where the Chain Breaker was being repaired, guarding the workers on his orders.

'I better go visit him right now, then.'

As Sunny contemplated how much stronger Nightmare would become as an Ascended Terror, a swift shadow fell from the sky and landed on the windowsill. It was Jet's crow.

The small bird jumped a couple of times, then stared at him angrily and cawed:

"Stuck! Stuck!"

He sighed.

"I know, Crow Crow. We'll go get your master soon. Hey, I want to see her too! Just wait for a few more days."

The Echo had been hanging around him a lot, perhaps out of familiarity. Whenever Sunny was tired from weaving, he would study the small avian creature and try to appease its impatience.

Suddenly, a smile appeared on his lips.

"But first... do you want to come find Nightmare with me?"

The bird tilted its head and stared at him with its round eyes. Then, it opened its beak and cawed:

"Horse! Horse!"

Sunny chuckled.

"Yes. The horse. Come on!"

'Let's try it again...'

With that, he dissolved into darkness and manifested himself back into tangible form. This time, Sunny did not recreate his own appearance, instead shaping himself into an entirely different and smaller creature.

...A few moments later, two crows - one black, the other even darker, as if made of shadows - flew into the crimson sky.

**********


                                Chapter 1365 The Sound of His Wings
--------------------
Sunny was flying through the crimson sky above Fallen Grace. His black feathers were moving slightly in the wind, and his wings rose and fell with a relaxed cadence. His flight was somewhat awkward... but he did not plummet to the ground, at least, like the previous time. He had, of course, assumed the form of a crow.

After mastering the fourth step of Shadow Dance, learning a new form had become much easier for him. So, he had spent the last two weeks doing just that - teaching himself how to become a crow. Sunny was already confident on land and had the sea serpent form to protect himself in the water. Only the skies were left unconquered.

Granted, he was not going to win a battle as a small bird... but he had to start somewhere.

The idea of trying to assume the form of Jet's Echo had entered his mind when he was resting after a long and tedious bout of weaving. Yes, Sunny had plenty of essence and more than enough soul shards to accomplish his goal, but even his patience was not limitless. He needed to take a break from time to time and distract himself from the rote process of creating rudimentary Memories.

During one such break, the persistent crow visited him once again to caw about how Jet was stuck. Staring at it, Sunny remembered that he had not yet made use of his improved ability to shadow various creatures better. The desire to fly across the vast sky stirred in his heart.

Who said that only Kai was allowed to zip around in the air?

So, that was exactly what he had done. Staring at the talkative bird, he tried to teach himself its form.

Which... ended up being just as hard to achieve as turning himself into a giant sea serpent.

The body of the crow itself was much smaller and simpler. The problem was that Crow Crow was an Echo, and thus not truly alive. So, Sunny met an unexpected obstacle... Shadow Dance was not that effective against things that weren't alive.

In hindsight, he should have known that it would be like that. Thinking back to how he created the form of the onyx serpent, and even further into the past, to the days of learning battle styles from his adversaries, Sunny realized that there were two components to Shadow Dance.

One was purely physical, the other was much deeper and more fundamental, concerning the essence of a being.

Its mind, its spirit, its very soul.

Echoes did not really possess any of these things, so he was left stumped for a while.

In the end, though, Sunny still managed to turn himself into a copy of the crow. It had just taken him much more time and effort than he would have expected... and he did not stop having trouble with the new form after mastering it.

Possessing the body of a bird was one thing, but actually moving like a bird was an entirely different issue. Since Sunny had never flown without the help of enchantments before, he had to learn everything from scratch.

The first time he turned into a crow, he proceeded to fall on his beak after the simplest hop... a few dozen times in a row, all under the perplexed gaze of the befuddled Echo.

Nevertheless, he was flying right now.

It was a rather exhilarating feeling.

It was so exhilarating, in fact, that Sunny opened his beak and cawed:

"Fly! Fly!"

Then, he got embarrassed and almost lost control of his wings.

'Now... why the hell did I say it twice?'

Shaking his head slightly, Sunny looked at the dry dock where the Chain Breaker stood, being repaired by a large number of craftsmen, and cautiously descended toward it.

He did not fall... until the last second.

Jet's Echo landed with natural ease and hopped a couple of times in excitement, but Sunny gracelessly sprawled on the cobblestones after rolling a couple of times.

'Ouch. There's still room for improvement.'

Sighing internally, he let the form of the crow dissolve into a formless shadow, then emerged from it as his human self.

Being a human felt cumbersome and boring.

...But he was also slightly shocked by the ferocious strength hiding in his slender, pale body.

'Damn. I've only been a crow for a minute...'

Looking around, Sunny tried to find the shadow in which Nightmare was hiding. He did not notice his steed immediately, but he did notice a familiar old man staring at him with an open mouth.

"L-lord Sunless?"

Sunny sighed internally.

"Oh. Hey there, Cronos."

The elderly teenager had been following them around when they toured the city, full of endless curiosity. He was a nice kid... no matter how hard it was to call a man who looked as old as Professor Obel a kid... but if there was one thing Sunny had an allergy to, it was curious people. So, he felt uncomfortable around the wrinkly Riverborn youth.

"Did... did you turn into a bird?"

Sunny stared at Cronos for a moment, then shrugged.

"Yes. In a manner of speaking, I did."

The old man stared at him with amazement.

"Ah, I see! It's like that time you turned into the river serpent! Is that your Aspect Ability?"

Sunny took a deep breath.

'Questions, questions...'

He had to remind himself how sad the kid's situation was. Not even because Cronos had turned into an old man before becoming an adult, but because he was starved for excitement and interesting things. His whole life was limited to a city that would have been considered tiny in the waking world - and, worse than that, that city was the last one there was, with not even news of distant events ever reaching it.

Of course he was endlessly excited by the two unexpected visitors.

Sunny remained silent for a moment.

"To be precise, it's the result of combining all my Aspect Abilities to create a... a kind of battle art."

Cronos nodded a couple of times, showing that he understood, and said thoughtfully:

"Oh... I have no idea what you mean, Lord Sunless..."

Then, he smiled.

"Are you here to check on your ship?"

The crow Echo looked at the young man with disdain and flapped its wings impatiently.

"Horse! Horse!"

Sunny nodded.

"No... I'm here to feed my horse."

**********


                                Chapter 1366 Terror of the Earth
--------------------
The crow hopped on Sunny's shoulder, and they headed toward where Nightmare was hiding. Cronos, annoyingly, followed them with an excited smile. That said, Sunny couldn't remain annoyed for long because of the worshipful gaze the old man was giving him.

"Lord Sunless... if I may ask..."

He rolled his eyes and sighed.

"What?"

Cronos hesitated for a moment.

"...What is a horse?"

That almost caused Sunny to stumble.

'What the hell... why does it sound like something I would say?'

He shrugged.

"It's a large animal that runs really well. People used to ride them to get around. Of course, my horse is no ordinary horse... he's a real menace, that beast."

The old man frowned in contemplation.

"But why wouldn't they just use a boat?"

Sunny suppressed the desire to grind his teeth and answered in an even tone:

"The world outside the Tomb is not all water, remember? Most people live on land. Horses are land animals."

Cronos looked into the distance, confusion written all over his face.

"Ah... I see, I see. Are there no land boats? That seems strange!"

The barrage of questions continued.

By the time they reached the deep shadows where Nightmare was hiding, Sunny felt a bit tired.

"...yes, earth does sometimes shake, spew fire, and swallow entire towns. Not too often, though. Mostly when a volcano erupts... oh, a volcano is just a fire-breathing mountain. And a mountain is basically a big sharp rock, tall enough to reach the clouds. There's ice and snow on top, but not enough air to breathe... well, rather there's plenty of air, but you can't breathe it without dying..."

The old man's eyes grew wide.

"How bizarre! I would never want to live on land... it sounds terrifying..."

Sunny stared at him wildly.

'What the hell do you mean, terrifying?! You live on an endless river that falls into a bottomless abyss, plagued by roving time storms and Defiled monsters from the future!'

He shook his head, then said in a stifled voice:

"Nightmare, come out."

Two scarlet flames ignited in the darkness, and the shadows surged, forming into the shape of a dreadful black steed. Light glistened on Nightmare's steel fangs and sharp horns, tinted red by the blazing sunset.

Cronos yelped.

"Ah! A... a horse!"

His wrinkly face grew pale, and he took a couple steps back.

"M-my Lord... you didn't tell me that horses are such terrifying beasts! Do land dwellers really r-ride them?"

Sunny looked at the youth vindictively, then felt bad about it. The kid was very old, after all... what if seeing Nightmare gave him a heart attack?

He hesitated for a moment, then patted Cronos on the shoulder.

"Yes. But as I said, Nightmare is not your usual horse. He is an ancient shadow creature that used to serve an immortal Transcendent before becoming mine. Now... let's feed him."

As Sunny threw an excited glance at the black steed and summoned the nacre ornament, the old man asked in a shaking voice:

"But... what does this dreadful beast even eat? You... you don't seem to have any meat with you?"

Consumed by thoughts of Nightmare's Ascension, Sunny smiled absentmindedly.

"Oh, don't worry... I have what I need to satiate his hunger right here, with me..."

Surprised that Cronos suddenly took a few more steps back, he gave the old man a strange look and offered the ornament to the dark destrier.

"Here, buddy. Sorry it took me so long."

Nightmare snorted quietly, then brought his snout to his hand and pushed it, throwing the Memory to the ground. Then, he crushed it with one strike of his adamantine hoof.

A whirlwind of sparks rose from the crushed ornament and separated into six streams, each flowing into one of the dark embers burning within the shadow that served Nightmare as a soul.

'Here we go... finally!'

Sunny had always been preoccupied with raising the power of Saint - his primary battle Shadow - as much as possible, so he had neglected the black steed a little. It was not without a reason, of course. Nightmare's main purpose was not to be a destructive force in combat. He was a loyal steed first and a fighter second. The utility he offered Sunny was much more valuable than an additional combatant would be.

Still... this moment had been a long time coming.

As the streams of sparks were absorbed into the darkness hiding inside Nightmare, his silhouette suddenly grew vague. Then, the destrier disappeared.

Already expecting that to happen, Sunny dove into his Soul Sea. Appearing in the lightless silence, he saw his Shadow standing on the surface of the still water. Nightmare had lowered his head, his body trembling slightly.

'Yes!'

Within the Shadow, the glow of the six dim embers was growing more and more intense. The water suddenly surged, as if assaulted by an invisible wind. Wisps of black flame rose from Nightmare's sable coat, soon shrouding his figure completely.

Sunny had already seen a Shadow rise to a new Rank several times. He knew that the transformation would not take long - unlike evolving to a new Class, this change was only going to take several minutes.

He waited patiently.

As if feeling the importance of what was happening somewhere near, but away from their eyes, both Crow Crow and Cronos remained silent.

...Soon, the transformation was over.

The restless waters grew still once again, and the black flames receded. Nightmare was revealed from within their veil, as fearsome as ever. His outward appearance did not change much. Only the red glow of his ferocious eyes seemed brighter.

Despite that...

His tenebrous silhouette brimmed with a new kind of power.

Sunny grinned.

'An Ascended Terror...'

His steed was as powerful as the creature that Nephis had slain at the top of the Crimson Spire now.

In fact, even Sunny, who possessed an extremely high level of mental resistance, felt a hint of dread grasping his heart when looking at the dark destrier.

'Wait... doesn't... doesn't his aura of fear seem too strong?'

Trying to suppress his excitement, Sunny forced himself to continue looking at Nightmare and summoned the runes.

In the next moment, his expression changed.

'What?! When... when did this happen?!'

The counter of the shadow fragments had been filled and emptied. Sunny knew that, of course.

However, what he had not expected to see...

Was that the counter of subjugated nightmares had been filled, as well.

The [Dream Curse], Nightmare's Terror Ability, was unlocked.

...Standing near Sunny, Cronos and the crow Echo exchanged a confused look. Why did Lord Sunless seem so excited?

The small bird tilted its head knowingly and cawed with a sense of superiority:

"Horse!"

**********


                                Chapter 1367 Dream Curse
--------------------
The runes shimmered in the darkness, surrounded by still silence.

Hypnotized by them, Sunny read greedily:

Shadow: Nightmare.

Shadow Rank: Ascended.

Shadow Class: Terror.

Shadow Fragments: [0/300].

He had known what to expect, but seeing the word "Ascended" still filled him with excitement. At any other time, Sunny would have lingered, enjoying the view of the changed runes, but he was much more interested in something else right now.

His gaze slid lower.

Shadow Description: [This beautiful steed was tamed by the treacherous Lost From Light in the depths of a harrowing dream. The two Shadows battled across countless nightmares, shattering them all apart; neither was willing to give up, so in the end, the nightmares did.

Despite the excitement, memories of his dreadful battle with Nightmare made Sunny shiver.

Shadow Attributes: [Swift], [Dark Destrier], [Dreadlord], [Dreamwalker].

The Attributes were the same as before. His steed was swift, could travel through dreams, and grew stronger when feared or surrounded by shadows. Sunny's gaze finally settled on the string of runes that interested him the most...

Shadow Abilities: [Flowing Shadow], [Mantle of Fear], [Nightmare], [Dream Curse].

His eyes widened slightly.

The first two Abilities had not changed. [Flowing Shadow] allowed Nightmare to move through shadows with stunning speed, as well as become one of them. [Mantle of Fear] was a powerful mental attack that induced terror in those affected by it.

The second two Abilities, though... the runes describing them were different.

'It happened faster than I thought...'

The [Nightmare] Ability shared its name with the black stallion. At this moment, its description read:

[Nightmare] Ability Description: "This Shadow can create and subjugate nightmares. The more nightmares serve it, the more powerful it grows, both inside and outside dreams. Dormant nightmares: 287 Awakened nightmares: 252 Ascended nightmares: 455 Transcendent nightmares: 6"

Sunny's eyes glinted darkly.

'It's a thousand.'

Not only had Nightmare subjugated enough dreadful dreams to unlock his Terror Ability, but due to the nature of the carriers of the Nightmare Spell, most of these dreams were also much more powerful than expected - to the point where his rise in Rank did not make them obsolete.

The black stallion had even managed to find and defeat six nightmares belonging to Saints... or maybe Corrupted abominations.

Each and every one of the subjugated nightmares added a little to his power, just like absorbing shadow fragments did.

Much more importantly...

The last few runes, which had been lightless before, were finally glowing with ethereal light.

After accumulating an army of a thousand nightmares, his Shadow was finally a true Terror once again.

Trying to calm his wildly beating heart, Sunny concentrated on the newly awakened runes and read the description:

[Dream Curse] Ability Description: "This Shadow is a master of a lesser dream domain. It is capable of lulling living beings to sleep and imprisoning their souls in a labyrinth of nightmares. The souls destroyed within the nightmare maze feed the Shadow; the more powerful the Shadow grows, the faster and further the dream curse spreads."

Sunny stared at the runes, suddenly chilled to the bone.

"How curious..."

He was shaken so much that he uttered those words aloud.

"Curious? What are you referring to, Lord Sunless? Did your horse not like the food? It smashed it with a hoof! Uh... I'm sorry to say this, my lord... but you might not know what beasts like to eat. That was a shell ornament, after all. Who would want to eat a piece of shell? You should try fish next time!"

Sunny lingered for a moment, then turned his head and stared at Cronos wordlessly. The old man trembled.

'Right. He's still here.'

Leaving the Soul Sea, he concentrated fully on the real world and said evenly:

"I was referring to how similar an Ability of my steed is... to some other things. He did like the food. It was much more preferable than fish."

Cronos looked at him with doubt, but Sunny ignored the youth and turned away.

'Maze of nightmares...'

It was truly an insidious and dreadful Ability, one worthy of a Terror. Sunny could easily imagine the Dream Curse slowly spreading to swallow this entire city... people falling asleep one after another, until there was no one left awake. All of them dying, their souls devoured by the hungry Shadow.

He could also imagine the horror of their death.

...Sunny had experienced the dream maze himself, after all. What would have happened if he had broken down and given up? His soul would have been torn apart by the torment of endless nightmares, and his body would have turned into a hollow husk.

The most frightening part of it all was the measure of control Nightmare had over the dream labyrinth... and the fact that the more his victims were terrified by it, the stronger he would be.

There was a limit to the power of the Dream Curse, of course. After all, Sunny had broken free of it by destroying each and every one of the dreadful dreams. It had not spread to all the Kingdom of Hope, either, because its reach was limited by Nightmare's own strength... as an Awakened Terror, the dreadful steed could only influence one castle and its surroundings.

As an Ascended Terror, though, that reach would have become greater. Who knew how far the Dream Curse would be able to spread in the future?

...But all of that was not why Sunny felt cold. Why would he? The power of his Shadow was his own power.

Rather, he was shaken by the words the Spell used to describe the Dream Curse.

'A lesser dream domain...'

Didn't it sound like something he had encountered before?

For example, the Dreamscape. A vast illusion maintained by the Aspect of a certain Saint, where countless people could combat each other without the risk of injury. Awakened used the public arenas for training, but there were private ones established for the government forces and the Legacy clans, as well. There was even a version for mundane humans to enjoy.

Was Dreamscape a type of lesser dream domain, as well? That would certainly make sense.

There was another similar example, though...

Sunny trembled.

There was the Spell and its Nightmares. There was the Dream Realm itself.

If there were lesser dream domains, there had to be greater ones, too... as well as those above them.

If so...

The souls destroyed within his Shadow's dream maze were consumed, making the shadow stronger.

...What happened to the souls of those who died within Nightmares? Of those who died in the Dream Realm? Of those infected by the Spell?

Was the Spell feeding on the souls of everyone who carried it, and on the souls of everything those who carried it killed?

The thought was terrifying.

But still...

'It would make sense.'

Sunny lowered his gaze and stared at the fabric of Ananke's Mantle.

When an Awakened conjured a Memory, the Memory was manifested from their soul essence. What were the worlds within Nightmares manifested from?

He turned his head and observed Fallen Grace. Finally, his gaze settled on Cronos.

...And when the Nightmare was over, where did all the souls conjured into it by the Spell go?

Sunny had never seriously considered how the Spell operated, simply because it was so powerful as to seem omnipotent. If one assumed something to be omnipotent, they would not question how it worked. Simply because its workings were beyond the realms of logic and reason.

However, now, for the first time, he was starting to question if the Spell was truly free from the laws that governed the rest of mundane things. Perhaps its scale was just so great that mere mortals like him were not capable of perceiving it.

Or maybe he was wrong, and there was nothing in common between the principles of the Dream Curse and the Spell.

In any case...

'Instead of thinking about things that are beyond my understanding, I should concentrate on what is in front of me. My Ascended Terror of a steed... and the curse he commands. It will surely be of help in this cursed tomb. Especially since there's a mad bastard around who is fond of visiting other people's dreams...'

**********


                                Chapter 1368 Setting Sail
--------------------
Not long after the black stallion's Ascension, the day of their departure arrived. The weeks they had spent in Fallen Grace flew by fast... so fast, in fact, that Sunny was sad that they had felt so short.

It was nice, spending time with Nephis and Cassie again. Back in the waking world, there had always been invisible walls between them... the great clans, the war, the complicated feelings of the past, the dark promises of the future...

But Nightmares had a way of simplifying things. All of these matters had been made small and insignificant by the dire necessity to conquer the Seed, and so Sunny found himself enjoying the feeling of closeness he had not felt in a long time.

It was funny, really... ever since becoming a Sleeper, he had been told over and over again how dreadful and deadly Third Nightmares were. And there was truth to these rumors, of course - after all, Sunny had already been forced to battle a damned Great Beast to survive here. But, strangely, most of his time in the Tomb of Ariel had been rather peaceful.

He had a feeling that peaceful days would become a thing of the past very soon, though.

From today onward, theirs was a straight path. First to the dangerous waters where Effie and Jet were marooned. Then, to the mysterious city of Twilight, to find Kai and Mordret.

And finally to Verge, the throne of the Defilement. To burn it down and conquer the Nightmare.

Of course, the Chain Breaker was going to return to Fallen Grace between each step to resupply, receive repairs, and give its crew an opportunity to recover. But those stops would be brief and far between.

For the remainder of the Nightmare, Sunny and his companions would be going from one dire battle to another.

Looking at the dreamlike view of the last city of the River People from the height of the temple's tower, Sunny sighed and looked at Cassie and Nephis. The suns had just risen, and the whole world was drowned in countless shades of red. Illuminated by the crimson blaze, both of them looked solemn... and ready.

He lingered for a moment, then asked:

"Is it time?"

Cassie nodded slowly.

"It's time. Let's go."

Together, they descended from the tower, passed the grand hall of the temple, and walked outside. The blind girl's guards were following them from behind, just like always... but today, many more people had come to bid their sybil farewell.

Soldiers, artisans, and citizens of all kinds. Thousands of gaunt old men and women were crowding the streets, looking at the beautiful young woman with golden shackles wrapped around her wrists. Their frail figures and wrinkly faces were like a sea. Their eyes...

Sunny did not know how to describe the emotion that shone in them. Was it pride? Sorrow? Fear? Love? Guilt? Or all of it, fused together?

Human beings were not that simple, after all. They rarely felt only one thing. Most of the time, their hearts were a irrational and contradictory mess of clashing and conflicting emotions.

'Will we manage to save these people? Or are they all doomed?'

Sunny knew that this was not the real Fallen Grace... and yet, he also knew that the shadows of living beings he killed in the Nightmares were still within his soul, indistinguishable from the shadows that belonged to the inhabitants of both the Dream Realm and the waking world.

So what exactly was the difference?

They passed through the crowded streets and approached the piers. The Chain Breaker rested on the water, freshly repaired and refurbished. Its tattered sails were replaced by new ones, each of a gorgeous, vibrant scarlet color.

There wasn't much ceremony. Sunny, Cassie, and Nephis climbed aboard. The two deaf guards remained on the pier.

...But before they left, Cassie turned to the crowd of elderly Riverborn and smiled.

Her smile was like a ray of pure sunlight in this land of eternal dusk.

"My people..."

Her voice echoed above the water, reaching far and wide. The inhabitants of Fallen Grace - the last humans in the Tomb of Ariel - listened with rapt attention, catching every word.

Sunny gazed at the crowd and soon noticed a familiar figure. Cronos was also here, looking at the graceful ship with awe and longing.

Cassie waited for a moment, then continued:

"I have to apologize! Usually, I would have taken you all to the House of Parting to celebrate and enjoy a delicious feast. Sadly... the Lower House is no more, and so, I have no food to offer."

A wave of murmurs rose from the crowd as many people chuckled.

Someone yelled:

"It's alright, my Lady! Feed us when you return!"

The blind girl remained motionless for a few moments.

"...Still, today is not a day for sadness. It is a day for celebration. This journey I am leaving on is not my last. Instead, it is the beginning of a new era... a better era. An era of grace and freedom."

She raised her hands... and pulled them apart, easily breaking the golden chain.

The shattered links fell into the water.

Cassie smiled again.

"Lady Changing Star, Lord Sunless, and I... we are leaving to gather powerful Outsiders and vanquish the Defilement, once and for all. Our victory is assured. I know!"

It would have been an empty proclamation if anyone else had said it. However, for the people of Fallen Grace, Cassie was Dusk, the last sybil... the oracle who had guided their people for many generations, and who knew the secrets of both the past and the future.

Hearing her, they stared with wide eyes. In the next moment, a joyous roar rose from the crowd.

"Our Lady knows!"

"She saw it!"

"Victory! Our victory is assured!"

Staring at the celebrating old men, their sorrow gone, Sunny leaned slightly and asked in a whisper:

"You know? Did you receive a vision of fate?"

Cassie froze, then shuddered slightly. A moment later, she turned to him, her smile turning brittle.

Her beautiful blue eyes were shining with the reflection of the crimson sky.

She lingered for a bit, then answered:

"Who cares about fate? If fate is against us... we'll break it."

Sunny stared at her, befuddled. The corner of his mouth twitched.

"Do you think it's easy to break fate?"

The blind girl lowered her head slightly and turned back to the crowd.

...Her quiet answer was almost drowned out by the joyous cries:

"No, it's not easy. It's not easy at all."

Soon, the sails of the Chain Breaker were filled with wind. The graceful vessel moved slowly, leaving the voices of the crowd behind.

The people of Fallen Grace watched as it sailed away, waving and wishing their lady good fortune in the days to come.

But then, they disappeared from view, obscured by the crimson haze.

There was nothing but a vast expanse of water left in front of them.

The first of the many battles was approaching.

**********


                                Chapter 1369 Lost Library
--------------------
Their first goal was to find Jet and Effie. Cassie had been able to determine the general area where they were marooned, but not why... she was also not sure what dangers awaited the Chain Breaker in that hazardous region of the Great River.

However, she did have a lead. The problem was that this lead was buried in one of the lost temples of Fallen Grace - the palace where a Defiled sybil had once been entombed alive. During the battle for the city, the temple had been unsealed, and the island-ships that could not be saved were abandoned.

Cut free, they had been left to the currents. The rest of the flotilla fled upstream, where it remained to this day... nevertheless, the Chain Breaker was moving into the past once more, searching for the lost districts.

Sunny, Nephis, and Cassie were going to find the lost temple, slay the Defiled sybil - if the creature was still dwelling there - and sift through the temple's library in search of information about the place Effie and Jet were trapped in.

Breathing heavily, Sunny leaned on the side of the ketch and cursed quietly. The ketch had been patched up and repaired, as well. With its masts dismantled and stored, it resembled a proper lifeboat. The craftsmen of Fallen Grace had also constructed an actual nest for it, with ropes and pulleys to lower the ketch into the water and hoist it back up again when needed.

Nephis was at the stern, controlling the ship, while Cassie was examining the damaged essence lines of the ancient vessel nearby.

Looking at her, he decided to rest for a few minutes and asked somberly:

"Why wasn't that sybil killed after succumbing to the Defilement, anyway? Simply sealing the temple does not seem like a reliable solution. Especially since it seems to have been done in a hurry, with all the valuables remaining inside. Who just goes and loses an entire library?"

The blind girl was distracted from her thoughts and turned to him, her golden hair fluttering in the wind. She lingered for a moment, then shrugged.

"I'm not really sure. It happened long before we entered the Nightmare, so... perhaps the people of Fallen Grace simply couldn't bring themselves to kill one of their sybils. You saw how conflicted they are about us. Perhaps sealing her inside and turning the temple into a mausoleum was simply safer."

She sighed and shook his head.

"I agree, though. It was a mistake. When I entered the Nightmare... we could have preserved the entire city if not for their misguided ways. There were two sybils left in Fallen Grace back then, and one of them had just succumbed to the Defilement. She was still new to her unholy powers, though. The battle was dreadful, but we could have won."

Her face turned dull.

"...It was not until the seal of the old temple came undone that disaster struck. Once that thing got out, there was no stopping it."

Sunny raised an eyebrow with a dubious expression.

"And yet you want us to seek her out?"

Cassie sighed, then smiled lightly.

"Well. I alone was not enough to both battle the creature and prevent the city from sinking. But the three of us together... that is a completely different story. I don't think we'll have too much of a problem dealing with her. If we do fail to take down a single Defiled, there's no point in even trying to conquer the Nightmare, don't you think?"

Sunny smiled crookedly.

"I guess."

There was another reason why they wanted to slay the Defiled sybil, as well. The conflict of the Nightmare seemed to be connected to the fate of Fallen Grace, and of the River People civilization as a whole. The natural ending of this story was complete extinction - which was why Sunny and Nephis were determined to destroy Verge and save the last human city instead.

But simply eliminating the source of the Defilement was not enough. Right now, the people of Fallen Grace were doomed - for no other reason than that they were all too old and weak to have children. To ensure that a new generation of the River People could be born, the city had to return to its previous position downstream.

Which was impossible because of the lingering presence of the Defiled sybil.

So, the creature had to go.

Sunny looked at the crimson sky, then asked:

"How does it work, anyway? Why was the entombed sybil so much more powerful than the one you killed?"

Cassie remained silent for a bit before answering.

"Simple, really. All the Nightmare Creatures we met before entering the Tomb had been corrupted countless years ago. There was barely a trace of their previous selves left. Corruption... is a gradual process, as it turns out. The sybil I killed had not been an abomination for more than a week. She was still mostly human. The other, though... had spent a long time sealed in that temple. The thing that broke free from it could barely be called a human. Its powers were greater, and it was much more used to them, as well."

Sunny sighed. It made sense.

With his curiosity satisfied, he decided that it was time to get back to the arduous practice. He was trying to master the sorcery of Names.

Sadly... Sunny was making zero progress.

Learning the Names themselves was not too hard, at least not the simple ones Nephis had done her best to teach him. Even though those Names were eerily odd, barely fitting into his mind and constantly fading from his memory, he possessed enough mental discipline to hold on to the knowledge of them.

The problem was actually trying to speak them. In that regard, Sunny was failing miserably.

'Curse it.'

Perhaps Sunny was being greedy by wishing to learn an entire new system of sorcery, but he still wanted to master the fundamentals of Shaping.

Today, his attempts to summon the wind were going even worse than usual. He was tired and drained, but there was no result whatsoever.

"Damned wind! Come on, blow!"

When Sunny's irritation reached a boiling point, Cassie suddenly straightened and turned her head slightly. There was a frown on her face.

"...Something is wrong."

**********


                                Chapter 1370 Insidious Adversary
--------------------
Sunny sighed heavily, then subtly studied the world through his shadows. There was no danger around them. Everything seemed fine.

That said, his intuition was indeed telling him... something. It was not exactly ringing an alarm, but there was an eerie sensation at the back of his mind.

He rose to his feet and studied the Great River with his own two eyes.

After a few moments, Sunny asked: "What is it? I don't see anything."

Cassie did not move, her frown deepening. The waves rustled as they brushed against the hull of the ship. The sails rippled in the wind.

Raising a hand, she touched her cheek briefly, then said somberly: "I feel... strange. As if I'm drunk."

Sunny stared at her wordlessly.

"Huh?"

The blind girl grimaced. "It's like I'm seeing double. Only, of course, it's not my sight that is blurry. Rather, it's my Aspect Ability. The one that allows me to sense what will happen a few seconds into the future."

He remained silent for a few moments.

The shadows across the Chain Breaker moved, stirring.

"...So, what you're saying is that something is wrong with the future?"

Cassie hesitated a little.

"Or at least with my ability to perceive the future."

That was a rather terrifying thing to hear. Sunny looked around once more, noting how peaceful their surroundings looked. The sky was burning beautifully with countless shades of red, with not a cloud in sight. The surface of the flowing river was spotless, with nothing hiding beneath it.

And yet, there was something sinister happening to the world, unseen and imperceptible. If not for the keen senses of the oracle, none of them would have known that something was wrong.

"Let's go."

Taking Cassie by the wrist, Sunny guided her to the stern of the ship, where Nephis was holding the steering oar. He had not had to guide the blind girl in a long, long time... but now that her Aspect Ability was compromised, she must have been disoriented. Even if she was looking at the world through his eyes, that was not the same as perceiving it with her own senses.

'What the hell is happening in this damned Tomb...'

Soon, they arrived at the runic circle and told Nephis the news. She remained silent for a while, looking forward with a somber expression.

After a while, Neph nodded.

"I see. I felt that something was wrong, too."

Sunny tilted his head a little.

"How?"

Even his faint premonition had only appeared because of his tenuous affinity to fate, which had been enhanced by Weaver's lineage. Sunny usually called these vague feelings his intuition, but it was not exactly a sixth sense. It was actually a rudimentary ability to feel the tremors of the strings of fate.

What allowed Nephis to feel the wrongness, then?

She pointed to the sky.

"It's the suns. I am responsible for steering the ship, so I keep an eye on them for navigation. There's something strange happening, though... for the last hour or so, our course has been changing slightly. It's like we are being pulled toward something. But if we are, I don't know how. I don't think there are any forces exerting pressure on the ship or the current."

Sunny suddenly had a very, very bad premonition. His face turned grim.

They were on a hunt for a Defiled sybil, and Cassie's perception of the future was suddenly behaving strangely. More than that, the world itself was not working quite as it was supposed to.

'No, no. It can't be. Can it?'

Glancing at the blind girl, he asked evenly:

"Say, Cassie... that thing that broke free when the temple was unsealed. What exactly were her powers?"

Cassie hesitated for a moment.

"I am not sure. I did not get a proper look at her... all I remember is that all the soldiers I sent to stall her were torn to shreds in an instant, unable to land a single blow on her hide. Arrows and magic projectiles missed, enchantments failed. She was too dreadful of a creature for us to handle, especially while fighting the other sybil."

Her beautiful blue eyes glistened.

"...As soon as the second sybil died, I ordered everyone to retreat and disconnect the entire section of the city where the creature was raging. That was how we lost half of Fallen Grace."

Sunny inhaled deeply.

"But all the sybils had powers related to revelations, right? And revelations are a manifestation of extreme affinity to fate. That sybil was capable of sensing the future before becoming Corrupted..."

He gritted his teeth and shared a wild suspicion that was making him incredibly wary:

"...so is it possible that the abomination is now capable of affecting the future?"

Nephis looked at him strangely.

"What do you mean?"

He shrugged.

"Let's say there's an ancient sybil... a Transcendent Outsider who comes from the time before the Doom War. She becomes Defiled and turns into a Nightmare Creature, then gets buried alive for countless years."

Sunny shook his head.

"And then, we three go searching for her. And just at that moment, Cassie's ability to perceive the future starts behaving weirdly, while our ship is inexplicably moving in a direction that it's not supposed to be moving. Wouldn't you say that it's quite possible that this primordial horror of a Defiled abomination is more than likely to possess powers that have to do with affecting the flow of time... or at least the probability of things happening?"

Cassie and Nephis paled a little. After a while, the blind girl asked:

"That... that sounds too fantastical to be true. A power to change probability? Even if she is a tremendously powerful Corrupted abomination of unknown Class, that's a bit too much. Don't you think?"

Sunny shrugged.

"No, I don't. Too fantastical? We are inside a huge pyramid, sailing on an endless river that flows through time, suspended in the middle of a bottomless abyss. Oh, and it's all made from the corpse of an Unholy Titan. I don't think that there can even be something too fantastical, anymore."

He grimaced, then added in a stifled tone:

"As for how unimaginable a power that affects probability would be... aren't you forgetting something? I've been suffering from a similar kind of thing since before I became a Sleeper. Only, in my case, it's not me who is affecting probability... rather, improbable things have a way of pulling me toward them. In any case, the result is the same."

The three of them remained silent for a few moments. Then, Nephis said calmly:

"So what?"

Sunny blinked.

"So what? You are not wary of an enemy who can literally change the future as they see fit?"

She leaned back, then shrugged with indifference.

"There are obviously some limits to that power... if you're even right about its nature. Otherwise, we would have died from heart attacks or been hit by stray lightning already. Why don't we just go and kill that sybil, anyway? Do I need to remind you two that we also have the power to change the future?"

Sunny and Cassie were confused. The blind girl tilted her head a little and asked:

"...We do?"

Nephis nodded.

"Of course. If we go there and kill the abomination, that will be the future. We would have made it. Every action performed by every person in the world changes the future. That power is really not that unique. In fact, it's pretty universal."

He stared at her for a moment, then chuckled wryly.

'It's hard to argue...'

"The power to change the future, huh? Alright. Let's go and make a future where the abomination is dead, and we're alive. It's not like we know how to escape, anyway..."

**********

