Shadow Slave - PART 163
Chapters 1621 to 1630
==============================


                                Chapter 1621: Princes of the Universe
--------------------
By then, the Fire Keepers had almost retreated to the entrance of the ancient temple. The darkness seethed and surged, disturbed by the fearsome clash of the two Transcendent champions.

Both Changing Star and the man who called himself Shadow were beyond powerful. A Saint was like a natural disaster, and even though neither of them had called upon the dreadful power of their Aspects, the devastating physical might of two Transcendent warriors was more than enough to obliterate their surroundings, reshape the landscape, and instill terror in the hearts of countless people.

Luckily, both their lady and the master of the ancient temple seemed to be holding back. Otherwise, the Citadel might have been severely damaged by their duel.

Lady Nephis was clad in a suit of knightly armor that had been forged from sublime white steel and adorned with golden accents. With her fair skin and silver hair, pure flames dancing in her eyes, she was like a spirit of light.

Lord of Shadows, meanwhile, was like a devil bor from pure darkness. His ominous onyx armor, demonic mask, and raven-black hair fused wit lightless void of the great hall, making it hard t discern where his figure ended and the shadows began.

The silence had long been torn apart by the melodic disharmony of clashing steel.

But... wasn't something very strange?

One of the Fire Keepers, Sid, looked at their leader and asked after hesitating for a few moments:

"Why... is he still standing?"

Her somber voice was hiding a note of bewilderment.

The seven of them had followed Lady Changing Star to storm the Crimson Spire, across the frozen hell of East Antarctica, and into countless battles after that. In the past four years, they had seen her turn hordes of abominations to ash, topple titans, and bring every Saint who dared challenge her to their knees. Only a few people could claim to be her equal, and even they did not dare to.

How was it that the Lord of Shadows had not only persisted for so long, but also seemed... to be holding his own in a duel against the last daughter of the Immortal Flame?

"Who the hell is he?"

Shim, the leader of the cohort, shook his head slightly without looking away from the barely perceptible whirlwind of the stunning clash.

"Watch carefully,"

Out there in front of them, the cadence of the duel finally changed.

***

Now?

Sunny delivered a lightning-fast strike, the air parting in front of the blade of his odachi with a wailing hiss. The strike was just a feint, turning into a thrust, turning into a downward slash.

Nephis ignored the feint, deflected the stab, and strangled the slash by binding their swords. She pushed him and shifted her body to gain an advantage in the follow-up attack. Sunny was forced to take a step back, which would have landed him in an awkward position and made it impossible to mount a stable defense... if he did not increase the weight of his armored boots while at the same time decreasing the weight of his breastplate.

With his center of gravity lowered, he had enough stability to block Neph's calm and vicious attack without staggering back.

But even though he blocked it, she unerringly struck the exact same spot where his odachi had already been weakened.

Finally, the shadow blade shattered, exploding into a rain of shards. Those shards almost instantly turned ethereal, dissolving back into an intangibl shadow.

The force behind Neph's strike was so terrible that her sword continued to fall down like an executioner's axe, Sunny, who had expected something like that to happen, was prepared and dodged the mirror blade just in time. It struck the black marble plate of the temple's floor, sending a net of cracks running through it.

Dust and pieces of stone flew into the air.

Without wasting a heartbeat, Nephis shifted into a low stance and delivered a rising diagonal slash.

However, Sunny was already moving by then.

Instead of retreating, he took a step forward and found himself almost face-to-face with her.

Silver clashed against stonelike metal with a thunderous clangor.

Both of them grew still.

...As the dust settled, the Fire Keepers saw a bewildering scene.

Sunny and Nephis were standing motionlessly, with almost no space between them. His right hand was gripping the hilt of her sword, which had been stopped a mere centimeter away from the onyx surface of his fearsome armor.

Her right hand, meanwhile, was gripping his left wrist. Held in his left hand was the hilt of the broken odachi, the jagged steel of its broken blade stopped several centimeters away from her neck.

Sunny remained still for a few moments, then looked down, at the cracked floor beneath them.

A somber sight escaped from his lips.

"...Let us stop here. Otherwise, my Citadel will sustain irreparable damage"

He allowed the broken odachi to dissolve into shadows, let go of Neph's hand, and took a step back, turning away with cold inference.

As Sunny was walking back to his unseen throne, Nephis called out to him:

"What about the duel? We have not determined the winner yet."

He stopped, facing away from her.

After a few moments of silence, Sunny spoke:

"I'm willing to admit defeat."

He lingered for a bit, then turned around and stared at her. His voice turned even colder:

"However... I have no interest in joining forces with the Great Clan Valor, Nephis of the Immortal Flame."

He tilted his head a little:

"I'm only joining forces with you. You personally, not your clan and not your kingdom"

These statements were technically both a truth and a lie. Sunny might have preferred to deal with Nephis, and Nephis alone, but doing so was tantamount to joining Anvil's side.

Still, it at least allowed him to get his point across despite the [Simple Trick].

'I feel like... wearing this mask around people w quickly grow annoying!

He suppressed a sigh,

Nephis looked at him with for a while, then said evenly;

"My personal wealth is not that vast, I can't promise you the same boons and riches that my clan can."

Sunny chuckled. Considering the kind of atmosphere he had created, his laughter sounded sinister even without him trying.

When he responded, his voice was as cold as fees

"I don't desire riches. Resources, assistance, powerful Memories and Echoes, soul shards... why should I want to get them from Clan Valor? I don't lack anything. If there's something I want, I can go and take it myself"

Nephis frowned slightly.

"So what is it that you want from me, Lord Shadow?"

Sunny turned away again.

"It's simple, really."

He took a step into the darkness and added indifferently:

"All I want is for you to owe me a favor, Changing Star. One day, when I come calling... help me out with what I ask."

It was an offer heavy with meaning. The concept of debt was somewhat sacred among the nobility of the Awakened society, especially to people who strived to follow quaint ideals like honor and virtue,

Being owed by someone like Nephis might have been more precious than a mountain of soul shards.

Especially because Sunny had not indicated what kind of help he might want to receive.

She studied his back for a few moments, and eventually nodded.

"That is acceptable."

Sunny entered the darkness and looked up at his marble throne.

Hidden from sight, he sighed deeply, then smiled.

"Then it concludes our deal."

And just like that, an tentative alliance between a mysterious Saint residing in Godgrave and a princess of the Sword Domain was forged.

**********


                                Chapter 1622: Many Mysteries of Shadow
--------------------
The Lord of Shadows did not seem in the mood to talk after the conclusion of the duel. Maybe he was dissatisfied with its result, or maybe he had simply strained himself too much in order to withstand the torrent of steel unleashed by Nephis, and needed rest. With how mysterious the reclusive Saint was, it was impossible to tell what was on his mind.

In any case, shortly after he had disappeared into the darkness, the beautiful onyx devil moved once again, inviting them to leave and make a camp outside the temple.

The territory around the ancient Citadel seemed safe enough, with all the Nightmare Creatures having been eradicated by Shadow and his servants. So, the Fire Keepers did not mind resting outside... there was no trust between them and the master of the temple yet, anyway. They would have felt uncomfortable resting under his roof, surrounded by powerful creatures.

A Transcendent Devil, a Transcendent Terror, a Supreme Devil... and gods knew who else. That power was enough to give a stronger force pause.

So, they made camp a dozen or so meters away from the great dark edifice of the Citadel, among the bones of slain Nightmare Creatures.

The lanterns chased away the darkness, and a fire had been ignited in the middle of the camp. Various storage Memories were summoned, containing food and beverages. They even raised several tents, hoping to enjoy a bit of peaceful sleep.

After experiencing two weeks of pure hell, the Fire Keepers could finally rest and relax a little. Of course, they did not lower their guard completely, still wearing their armor and keeping watch in shifts.

Nephis sat in front of the fire, watching it dance with a thoughtful expression.

The Lord of Shadows...

There were too many mysteries about him.

That mask, for example...

By now, Nephis remembered where she had seen it. Ananke had worn a mask almost identical to the one worn by Shadow. It was a symbol of the priests of the Nightmare Spell.

So... was Shadow one such priest, as well, or at least considered himself to be one? Or had he simply slain a follower of Weaver in one of his Nightmares and received the mask as a reward?

In fact, Nephis had seen the depiction of Weaver's Mask long before meeting Ananke. It was drawn on the wall of the Ebony Tower, where the Demon of Destiny had left a map of strongholds built by his siblings in various realms,

The mask, representing Weaver, was placed north of the Hollow Mountains, above all six strongholds... almost as if looking at them from afar. But it did not mean that Weaver's stronghold was hidden somewhere on the Forgotten Shore, or even further north. It simply meant that no one had any idea where Weaver's stronghold was, or if the transient daemon even had one.

So, Nether had drawn it outside the map.

Was the Lord of Shadows connected to the priesthood of the Nightmare Spell, or to the Demon of Fate directly?

And what business did the heir of Shadow God have being tied to a daemon?

'Curious.'

The mask was curious. The Citadel that somehow existed in the middle of Godgrave was also curious. So was the lineage of Shadow God that the master of the Citadel seemed to possess, and his Aspect.

But most curious of all...

Was his swordsmanship.

Staring into the fire, Nephis sighed.

These days, she rarely met anyone who could wield the sword well enough to give her a challenge. There were dreadful Nightmare Creatures and Transcendent warriors with potent Aspects, sure... but that was a competition of power and will, not skill and technique,

As such, the only person Nephis could truly spar with was Morgan,

The Lord of Shadows... was at least on par with the Princess of Valor. No, not quite. It felt like he was much more dangerous

The first battle style he had used was more or less a perfect replica of the refined and domineering style that the Knights of Valor practiced. Mastering it was already no easy feat.

But it was merely one of the styles the Lord of Shadows seemed to have mastered. He was a true sword saint, one of the few that had been born since the descent of the Nightmare Spell.

Suddenly, Nephis wanted to duel him again, this time using the full might of their Aspects. What abilities would he show her? How ingenious was his transcendent battle art?

She had no doubt that he had built one.

Which was... impressive.

Most Saints had mastered a battle art of their own, but few had created it without aid. After all, Saints were supported by their clans, as well as the Great Clans they owed allegiance to. gwo~. Most had inherited the skill and wisdom of their predecessors, as well as received extensive help from exalted counselors and mentors.

Lord Shadow seemed like a solitary man. There was no clan behind him, let alone a Domain, Which meant that whatever technique he possessed had been designed by him, and him alone.

And then...

There was the second battle style he had shown, obviously as a message to her. Or a provocation.

Her father's style.

Nephis hugged her knees, calmly looking into the fire. Feeling the shift in her mood, the fire surged and swirled.

How was it possible?

As far as she knew, there were only two people in the world who had been taught that style. She had been taught by her family, and Cassie was taught by her. There were no others...

Or were there?

Had her father had a pupil that she didn't know about? Was Lord Shadow that pupil, or a disciple of that pupil?

She wanted to know. She wanted to ask.

Her father had perished when Nephis was four, so she did not have a lot of memories of him. Most of what she knew about Broken Sword was from listening to her grandmother, who talked about her son-in-law often. The rest was from the legends that he had left in the world before dying an untimely death.

But...

She sighed,

There was little sincerity in the world. Knowledge was power, and people guarded their power fervently, Usually, one had to be prepared to pay a price if they wanted to receive an answer, Secrets were not revealed easily,

She was already indebted to Lord Shadow, Heseemed like an unfriendly sort, and would definitely not part with information lightly. In fact... he had probably chosen to use that style for the exact purpose of enticing her into deepening her debt.

Devious.

Who was that man? So strong, so devious, and having enough resources to disregard the riches of Clan Valor...

As she considered that, the ground suddenly trembled.

**********


                                Chapter 1623: Dark Colossus
--------------------
As the ground trembled, the lively atmosphere in the camp instantly turned cold and professional. The Fire Keepers, who had been enjoying a late supper just moments ago, instantly rose to their feet and picked up their weapons. A moment later, they were standing in a defensive formation, ready to repel any kind of attack.

Nephis had stood up, as well. The white flames burning in her eyes grew more intense, and the fire behind her grew taller, chasing the darkness further away.

"What is it?'

Was there a Nightmare Creature approaching them from afar, or had the master of the ancient temple decided to betray them?

She was going to find out soon.

As they stood motionlessly, preparing for battle, the ground shuddered again. A cold wind rose, bringing with it a strong smell of rotting leaves and humid jungle. A tense silence settled over the world.

A moment later, Nephis felt a new presence beside her, Turning her head slightly, she saw the Lord of Shadows standing at the edge of the camp, peering into the darkness calmly. He had appeared out of nowhere without making any noise, as if the shadows themselves had risen up to spawn him.

He seemed to have discarded his mask, but since Nephis was behind him, she couldn't see his face.

The Fire Keepers flinched, startled by his sudden appearance. Each was an experienced Master, and many carried Memories that enhanced their senses. It wasn't easy to sneak up on them...

And yet, the Lord of Shadow had done it effortlessly.

Nephis frowned, realizing just how vulnerable her subordinates were in front of him.

"What is happening?"

Her voice remained calm, addressing the mysterious Saint with sufficient decorum.

He remained silent for a few moments, then sighed.

"It's nothing much. One of the Great sleepers has awoken, that's all. "

Shadow lingered for a second, then added:

"I usually keep them asleep to avoid trouble, but the most feisty ones sometimes escape their slumber."

'A Great Nightmare Creature? Keep them asleep?

Nephis frowned slightly.

"Should we fight it together, then?"

Still facing away from her, the master of the ancient temple shook his head.

"No need. It's merely a Beast"

With that, he took a step forward.

The darkness surged, enveloping him like a vast mantle. The figure of Lord Shadow dissolved into it, becoming one with the lightless vold.

And then, the void exploded upward.

As Nephis watched, secretly startled, a colossus built of shadows slowly rose above the bone plain.

His body was a perfect replica of the Lord of Shadows. The titanic torso was formed first, followed by two immense arms. At first, the giant seemed to be kneeling, but then he slowly rose to his feet, coming to stand as tall as the ancient temple. The shadows rippled and solidified, repeating the contours of his back. She saw lean muscles rolling under the obsidian skin.

A moment later, a layer of glossy onyx covered the dark colossus, encasing him in a suit of impregnable armor. His head was too far away now, the light of the enchanted lanterns unable to dispel the veil of darkness hiding his face.

When the giant took a step, the whole plain quaked.

...A Transformation Ability?'

The size of the shadow colossus was nowhere near Effie when she assumed her Transcendent form, but it was still awe-inspiring.

But that was not the end of it.

There was a rustle from behind them, and a dreadful hiss. Turning around, the Fire Keepers saw the head of an enormous serpent appearing from the entrance of the temple. gw~. The creature was massive enough to easily swallow the entire cohort in one bite, Its scales the same color as the tenebrous armor of the Lord of Shadows.

The obsidian serpent slithered out of the Citadel, its long body flowing lie a river of darkness, seemingly endless. It must have been colled around the entire great hall of the ancient temple, surrounding them from every side the moment they stepped inside.

Nephis watched carefully.

"The Terror?"

The colossal serpent slithered across the bone plain, passing the frozen Fire Keepers and approaching the giant made of shadows. Its neck rose high into the air, and it nimbly coiled around the leg of the Lord of Shadows, crawling up his body like a tree snake.

The creature reached the shoulder of the giant, and then slithered along his outstretched arm.

Then, it... changed.

Where a serpentine head was before, the sharp tip of a gargantuan sword suddenly appeared. Slowly, but also too fast to notice, the body of the Transcendent Terror rippled, and turned into an inconceivable odachi, its hilt and curving blade as long as the shadow giant was tall.

Finally, a dark titan was standing on the bone plain, his body encased in a suit of fearsome onyx armor, wielding a giant obsidian sword.

He looked like an ancient delty that had descended to the mortal realm from the heavens... or maybe crawled out of the lightless depths of the abyss.

Not paying the Fire Keepers any attention, the shadow giant took another step.

Something lunged at him from the darkness... a grotesque monstrosity that towered above the ground, its mottled fur wreathing with a swarm of pale maggots. Its misshapen head was crowned with sharp horns, and its maw was wide open, revealing a wall of massive fangs.

Its limbs were a mess of claws, chitinous scythes, and pulsating tentacles.

A chill spread through the hearts of the Fire Keepers at the sight of the hideous abomination.

However, the towering sword of the dark colossus only fell once.

One strike, and the neck of the Great Beast was cleanly severed, its head rolling to the ground.

The massive body toppled and crashed into the bone surface of the dead god's breastbone, causing it to tremble once again.

The Great Beast... was dead. Just like that.

The dark colossus peered at it with disdain, then shook his head and crumbled on itself, turning into a tide of shadows.

A mornent later, all that was left was the corpse of the hideous monstrosity, and the deep groove left in the white bone by the tip of the obsidian odachi.

Silence settled over Godgrave once again.

Nephis stared at the corpse of the abomination, her expression unreadable.

Eventually, she tilted her head a little.

'One strike. '

Suddenly, she was glad to have made a pact with the man who called himself Shadow.

....It was much better to be his ally than his enemy.

**********


                                Chapter 1624: Crazy Girl
--------------------
Far to the northwest of Bastion, across the chain of Death Zones crowned by Godgrive, lay the vast human enclave ruled by the Great Clan Song. Although younger and smaller in territory than the Sword Domain, the kingdom of Ki Song was nevertheless Just as populous and potent.

Unlike Bastion Itself, which lay at the heart of Valor's territory, the capital of Song was located at the northernmost point of her domain, on the slopes of a towering mountain chain that branched out from the Hollow Mountains. It was a stark and beautiful place nestled between snowy peaks and fuming volcanoes, shrouded in snowstorms and raining ash.

Its name was Ravenheart. The Great Citadel had another name in the runic language of the Nightmare Spell, but after an obscure figure from the first generation of the Awakened conquered it, people gradually started calling the remote mountain palace by her True Name.

That obscure Awakened warrior was the founder of the Song clan and Ki Song's late mother. Her daughter elevated their minor clan to prominence, and then to the very height of power. Similarly, Ravenheart had grown from the stronghold of a lesser Legacy clan to one of the Great Citadels of humanity, sheltering hundreds of thousands of Awakened.

And now, after the Chain of Nightmares, it was home to millions of mundane humans, as well.

The Citadel Itself was a magnificent palace that stood on the slope of a snowy mountain, perched at the very edge of a bottomless chasm. The legends said that it had been cut from pure white Jade once, but after enduring the wrath of the surrounding volcanoes for thousands of years, it turned entirely black, as if made from obsidian glass. Still, contrasted against pristine white snow, its sublime beauty had only become more tantalizing.

A titanic stone bridge spanned the vast chasm between the mountain and the volcano standing opposite it, connecting the two branches of the mountain chain like a road meant for giants. Its black pillars were decorated with intricate engravings, and the scale of the construct defied reason.

These days, the members of the Song Clan inhabited the frozen obsidian palace, while the titanic bridge had become a town for the Awakened warriors, who could withstand the cold. The city itself had been built on the slopes of the volcano, where its warmth protected the mundane citizens of Ravenheart from the inhumanly harsh climate of the snowy region.

They did not have to be wary of sudden eruptions, either, because Queen Song and her Transcendent daughters could protect them from any disaster.

Ravenheart was a harsh place. But it was also an incredibly beautiful place.

And therefore, life here was harsh, but also thriving.

The surrounding lands had long been cleared of the truly dangerous Nightmare Creatures, but they were more dangerous than the heartland of the Dream Realm, where Bastion stood. Many abominations still dwelled in the snowy mountains, and the environment itself was deadly for those unprepared to face its cruelty.

At the same time, there was a lot of fertile soil in the lowlands, which had been generously fertilized by volcanic ash. There was also geothermal heat, countless hot springs, and precious minerals of all kinds everywhere around. The people who had been evacuated here from Antarctica found their lives turning stark and intense, but also intensely enjoyable.

If one grew accustomed to the solemn and eerie power of Queen Song, of course, which they quickly had.

In any case, there was endless work to be done, from plowing the ashen fields to mining mystical ores, to building a semblance of a modern infrastructure by using endless geothermal energy.

And since there were many Nightmare Creatures dwelling in the mountains, there was also a dire need for someone to protect all these workers. Which was why Rain was buried in the ash, sweating as she waited motionlessly. She had been laying there for a few hours already, keeping absolutely still.

Around a hundred meters away from her, where the slope of the gorge rose sharply, a hideous creature was slowly dragging its body from between the cliffs. It resembled a scaled worm with six long, thin limbs, each ending with dagger-like claws. Its maw was a horrid circular mess of sharp, needle-like fangs.

'Damnation'

She had expected a Beast, but was faced with a Monster instead. Granted, the Stone Worms were merely Dormant abominations...

But since Rain wasn't even a Sleeper, but a powerless mundane human instead, that thing could rip her apart in a matter of seconds. No, not even seconds... a second.

'No wonder everyone calls me "the crazy girl"... I am indeed crazy. I'm crazy to have listened to you, mad bastard!'

If not for the nagging of her teacher, she would have long ago applied to return to the waking world, thus challenging the First Nightmare and becoming an Awakened. But no... he just had to Insist that his student could only Awaken naturally, without becoming infected by the Nightmare Spell.

And, young and naive as she had been, she actually believed in his nonsense!

Years had already passed, and yet she was still a mundane human, Granted, she could somewhat feel her essence now... which supposedly was the hardest step.

Still! Her teacher was without a doubt a brazen scam artist!

'Damn you, you damned ghost... or vampire... ar whatever the hell you are...'

As she was thinking that, a quiet voice suddenly resounded from behind her. Rain was startled, but, remembering her training, remained absolutely motionless despite that. She didn't have to turn around to know that it was her shadow talking.

It said:

"You wouldn't be thinking something strange about me again, would you?"

Stone Worms had very bad hearing, but could feel the smallest vibration spreading through the ground. She coughed quietly, then answered in a whisper:

"What? Of course not, respected teacher! Your pupil... would never dare do something that disloyal..."

The quiet voice responded dubiously:

"Really? Well... good! You should hurry up, though. The wind is changing."

Rain uttered a stifled curse and slowly rose to one knee.

It was time to kill another Dormant Monster, 'How many have I killed, already?

It was time to kill another Dormant Monster.

'How many have I killed, already?'

More than any Sleeper she knew, certainly. And more than many young Awakened in Ravenheart, as well, despite being mundane.

But she still had to be extremely cautious. She couldn't allow a single mistake... it was just like how her teacher always said. One mistake was all it took to turn into a corpse.

And becoming a corpse in Ravenheart was just too creepy.

Granted... teacher would probably save her if something happened.

Probably.

...Right?

**********


                                Chapter 1625: Undergeared
--------------------
Rain rose to one knee in one smooth motion and raised her bow. Flakes of ash rained from it like black snow, dancing gracefully in the wind. In one heartbeat, she took out an arrow from her quiver and nocked it on the string. Another heartbeat, and she strained her muscles to draw the bow.

The composite alloy resisted her pull, but swiftly surrendered to her strength and perfect form, both of which were the result of arduous training and countless hours of practice.

Her bow was not a fancy Memory weapon. It was quite mundane, made from alloy and filament  more powerful than such weapons used to be, but nowhere near its enchanted counterparts. It was not a compound bow, either. More than that, even as far as recurve bows went, hers was on the weaker side.

But there was nothing Rain could do about it. There were alloy bows of monstrous power out there, but they were meant to be used by the Awakened. With her pitiful mundane strength, she wouldn't even be able to draw one, let alone do so swiftly and reliably.

As for compound bows while they offered increased draw weight and other advantages, that was only good on paper. In reality, there was more to a weapon than its power. How reliable was it? Was it easy to carry? Would it endure the wilds? Could it be cared for and maintained in harsh conditions? And so on.

Awakened did not have to think about such things, but Rain did. And thanks to her teacher, she had learned all about these matters. Each piece of her equipment was picked out thoughtfully.

Yeah. Not at all because I simply can't use anything better.

The inner layer of Rain's kit consisted of a military bodysuit, the kind the soldiers of the Evacuation Army had used in Antarctica. It could repair itself and regulate the temperature of her body, which was a necessity here in Ravenheart, where lethal cold and blistering heat somehow coexisted in appalling harmony.

Granted, the self-repair function of the bodysuit was practically exhausted after years of extensive use, and she had had to patch it up by hand on several occasions. Her teacher was weirdly good with thread and needle, for some reason, imparting that knowledge on his reluctant student.

She wore leather pants on top of the bodysuit, made from the hide of an Awakened Beast, as well as knee-high boots of the same material. The rest of her clothes consisted of a perfectly mundane henley, wool vest, and a military jacket with a manually reinforced lining.

There were a few pieces of armor supplementing her modest ensemble, as well - alloy bracers and shin guards, a leather chest guard, and a jointed shoulder guard.

The mundane armor was not nearly enough to protect her from the claws of Nightmare Creatures, but it was better than nothing. It could protect her from a glancing blow or two, at least. Wearing anything heavier would have just slowed her down without providing much additional protection.

Rain was also wearing leather gloves, while her long winter coat was currently folded and hidden inside her pack.

Needless to say, she felt bitter envy every time she saw young Awakened gallivanting in suits of shiny enchanted armor. They didn't even need to wash their Memories, let alone repair them by hand! Not to mention the fact that their armor was much more durable.

Focus!

The Stone Worm was almost a hundred meters away. The ash was raining from the sky, making its figure vague and blurry at least it was easy to tell the direction and strength of the wind. Hitting a target from such a distance was not an easy feat, but well within Rain's capability.

However, she wasn't sure that she would be able to kill the abomination with one arrow. Her arrows were more potent than her bow, true - the arrowheads had been made from the fangs of an Awakened Beast, and were quite deadly as a result. But the Stone Worms did not have an easily exploited vulnerability. There was no spot she could hit to bring the Monster down immediately.

The vile things were also terribly fast despite spending most of their lives underground. It would take the Stone Worm a couple of seconds, three at most, to cover the hundred meters separating them.

And another moment to rip her to shreds.

It had already noticed her, too.

Be calm.

It was like her teacher always said

And don't you dare die, or I will kill you myself!

As a respectful and dutiful pupil, Rain had no choice but to obey her teacher.

She held her breath and took aim. Time slowed down to a crawl. Rain moved her bow slightly, accounting for the wind, and then relaxed her fingers, allowing them to slide off the string.

Relieved from terrible tension, her alloy bow propelled the arrow forward with dire force. The string struck against her chest guard like a whip. The falling ash swirled, disturbed by the violent turbulence.

A hundred meters away, the Stone Worm toppled to the ground in a mess of long libs. The arrow had dove into its circular maw, piercing the creature's brain.

Sadly

Stone Worms had several independent brains.

Before Rain had time to blink, the abomination rolled on the ground and shot toward her like a revolting flesh torpedo. It covered half of the distance between them in what felt like a split second. A cloud of ash rose into the air in its wake, spreading outward like a wave of boiling darkness.

Before it could cover the remaining distance, though, a second arrow struck it. It had only taken Rain that long to draw her bow again, adjust her aim, and let the arrow fly.

Even though hitting a moving target was endlessly more difficult, let alone such a fast one, the second arrow unerringly penetrated the creature's maw again. This time, it went in at a shallow angle, hitting the Stone Worm's spine.

The abominations stumbled but continued barreling toward Rain.

She blinked.

Crap.

**********


                                Chapter 1626  The Incredible Adventures and Astonishing Deeds of Heroic Dreamer... Wait, Who? What Was His Name? Abridged (Volume VII)
--------------------
Dropping the bow, she hurriedly picked up a long javelin that had been laying under the ash. Rain's weapon of choice was a bow. However, that did not mean that she was only versed in using a bow. Her teacher insisted that a ranged weapon was only good if one could keep the enemy at range, and in the Dream Realm, not even Saints could guarantee something like that. Therefore, she was proficient not only with ranged weapons, but also with a wide range of weapons. Rain was nothing if not resourceful.

By the time she grabbed the javelin and jumped to her feet, the Stone Worm was almost upon her. With fetid blood spilling from its torn maw, the horrid creature raised its front limbs to slice her into pieces…

And suddenly disappeared from view. The pit Rain had dug up and covered with branches might not have been deep, but it was perfectly placed to stop the charge of a mindless monster. There was a great benefit in being able to handle a multitude of weapons, but there was an even greater benefit in always being prepared. Her teacher had hammered that simple principle into her head a long time ago.

Before the Stone Worm could recover from suddenly dropping through the ash, the heavy javelin struck it with all the force she could muster. Its white scales were broken by the wide spearhead, and the abominable monster let out a piercing screech. Rain paled a little and finally drew her sword. The enemy was severely wounded, but it was not dead yet. A mess of hideous flesh and thin limbs staggered out of the pit, only to be met by the blade of the tachi. Rain severed the front limbs of the sluggish monster, then delivered a ruthless slash across its scaly neck, putting a gash into it. A few more precise strikes and well-timed dodges, and the abomination finally grew motionless. Only half of its vile body managed to crawl out of the shallow pit, and was now laying on the ash.

Rain slumped and grabbed her knees, panting heavily. She could feel a trickle of foreign essence seeping into her soul, and a river of adrenaline coursing through her blood.

'D—d—dam it...' Then, a voice resounded from behind her. "You have slain a Dormant Monster, Stone Worm. Your shadow grows stronger!"

Turning around, she threw a dark look at her teacher, who had finally deigned to crawl out of her shadow in all his shameless splendor.

"...What the hell are you on about?"

The young man who was standing behind her, wearing light armor woven out of dark silk, looked away in embarrassment. "Ah, that. Don't mind me. Just something I used to hear often."

Rain took a deep breath and turned away with a stoic expression on her pale, but beautiful face.

'...I am definitely going to kill him one day.'

Was it possible to kill a ghost?

***

Rain's teacher… was a strange existence. Usually, he resided in her shadow, only showing up when no one else was around. At first, she thought that she had gone insane and was hallucinating, but after spending some time with the mysterious apparition, Rain slowly realized that it was real.

And not only that, but also immensely powerful. Luckily, the apparition was mostly benevolent, and did not seem to harbor any ill will toward her. On the contrary, it… he… treated Rain with something that resembled familial affection. It was almost as if he was the spirit of her distant ancestor. She did not think that her family had such an ancestor, though. But then again, Rain was adopted, and didn't know much about her biological parents. So… it might have been possible that there was an eccentric dark deity in her family tree? Her teacher did, indeed, look a little bit like her. A much more glamorous, handsome, and male version of her, to be precise.

…Even if he was on the shorter side. In any case, her teacher — who called himself Shadow — was a strange being. When he emerged from her shadow, he looked like a young man with flawless alabaster skin, raven-black hair, and beautiful eyes that resembled two pieces of glistening onyx. His exquisite appearance was perfectly human, if a bit too sublime. That said… her teacher did not have a shadow of his own. He also avoided mirrors like a plague, to the point that she was prohibited from having any in her vicinity. So, although Rain couldn't confirm it, she suspected that he did not have a reflection, either. Which led her to believe that her teacher was a vampire.

He wasn't afraid of sunlight, though, and did not seem interested in drinking her blood. Or any blood, for that matter. In short, even after spending four years in the company of her teacher, Rain still had no idea what he was. Any attempt to ask him questions about his identity resulted in nonsensical answers that simply couldn't be taken seriously.

Like: "Teacher… please tell me. Who are you, really?"

"Haven't I told you already? Gods, how many times do I have to repeat it? I am… your long-lost brother."

"I'm pretty sure I would remember having an older brother."

"You would assume so, wouldn't you? Ah, but, you see… after I killed the evil version of myself and reached the estuary of the river of time, which flows inside the great pyramid that a dreadful demon had built from the blood and flesh of an Unholy Titan, I was attacked by a vile, odious, very nasty, no good bird and had my fate stolen. So, no one in the world remembers me."

"...Uh-huh."

"Oh, but before that, I was very famous. Not only was I famous, but even my secret alter ego was famous. World-renowned, even. I was a war hero, too. And extremely wealthy. In fact… do you know Princess Nephis? Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan? I was practically her boyfriend."

"Uh-huh…"

Or:

"Teacher, can I ask you a question? How old are you, exactly?"

"You certainly can. Huh. That's a complicated question! One might say that I am a few years older than you. But, at the same time, this incarnation of me has only been born about four years ago? Oh, but actually, I guess I'm thousands of years old. I've just forgotten most of it after my cursed magical sword rebelled against me, and I had to destroy it, as well as my memories."

"A… cursed magical sword? How did you destroy it?"

"Well, I just told it to be gone. And it was gone. Your teacher is that awesome."

"..."

Or:

"Teacher, tell me the truth… you're not an evil god, are you?"

"Of course not!"

"Really?"

"Sure. I mean… the blood of an ancient demon does flow in my veins, and I did devour the alabaster phalanx of a nebulous deity after being cast down into the darkness of a bottomless abyss. And technically, I am indeed the master of a lightless fragment that was torn from a divine realm. But, an evil god? Preposterous!

"I… I see."

"I mean. I am a demigod, at best…"

In short…

After a while, Rain had stopped asking questions. She felt that, even if she had not gone mad yet, she definitely would if she continued.

So, she just lived her life and endured the harsh training, as well as the odd and eerie quirks of her mysterious teacher. Despite blaming him for not getting a chance to challenge the First Nightmare, Rain knew that his guidance had saved her life on numerous occasions. She had grown much stronger and more capable under his mentorship, too.

After a while, she had grown accustomed to his company, and even found comfort in it.

Not right now, though. Right now, she was seriously considering exorcizing him. "Hey, Rain? Why are you spacing out?"

She flinched and looked at her teacher, feeling slightly embarrassed.

He shook his head.

"Go on, harvest that Stone Worm before the Queen takes it."

Rain stared at the revolting corpse of the dead abomination, sighed, and jumped down into the pit. Pulling a sharp hunting knife from the sheath attached to the small of her back, she grimaced and got to work, mumbling:

"Before the Queen takes it? Ha! Why would she take a measly Stone Worm… as if she has need of such a weak and ugly servant…"

**********


                                Chapter 1627: Hunting Spoils
--------------------
Despite the fact that Rain's clash with the Stone Worm had only lasted a dozen seconds, she was tired. Not only because she had tracked the creature down for a long time first, spending hours to prepare the ambush, but also because those few seconds of absolute mental concentration and daunting physical exertion took a lot out of her.

That was how it went every time. If a mundane human wanted to face a Nightmare Creature, anything less than giving it your all, and then some, meant death. Not that there were a lot of mundanes going out of their way to fight abominations - not a lot of those who lived to tell the tale, at least.

In that sense, Rain was an anomaly.

Sadly, the harsh physical demands of the hunt were not over after her prey was dead.

Grimacing, Rain gripped her sharp hunting knife and went about dressing the Stone Worm.

Its flesh was wiry and tough. Its scales were even tougher. Even with her knife having been forged from mystical steel, it took all of Rain's strength to rend the dead abomination. Especially because she didn't want to become drenched in its blood - not only because that would have been icky, but also because the stench of blood could attract other Nightmare Creatures,

"Curse it.,, curse it all

She worked up a sweat, eventually taking off her Jacket and vest and rolling up the sleeves of her henley. The ash continued to rain from the sky, smearing her Ivory skin like black ink.

Her teacher, meanwhile, sat comfortably on a rock and observed her with a content expression, not even trying to help.

'Bastard..

"Cursing again? Rain, a proper young lady should act with modesty, poise, and decorum. Ah, you were such a well-mannered girl when we met... where did you even pick up these bad habits? Who taught you such foul language? Tell me, and I'll beat the crap out of the damned bastard..."

She paused for a moment, glared at him, and then returned to her work without saying a word.

"Stop pouting."

'I'm not pouting!

Rain collected the abomination's sharp fangs - those could be used to fashion arrowheads - then moved to its limbs and separated the stonelike blades from the joints. The blades could be sold in Ravenheart for a good price or bartered for other materials.

However, the true treasure was the hide of the Stone Worm, Although it was merely a Dormant Monster, the scales of these creatures were lightweight and tough. The Awakened who had not earned a good armor-type Memory yet often used them to fashion scalemail those with plenty of coins could afford something better, of course, but there were many of those who couldn't.

And when the latter got in trouble, their armor needed to be mended with even more scales. Therefore, there was always demand for Stone Worm's hides. Rain herself had worn such a scalemail armor at one point, but after hunting an Awakened Beast, she switched to equipment made from its leather.

So, she could earn a pretty penny by selling this hide. It was just that harvesting it was a tough and dirty process.

She arduously separated the hide from the flesh of the monster, cleaned it the best she could, and rolled it into a hefty sack. Tying the sack with rope, she grimaced and rubbed it with ash to get rid of the smell.

Then, she retrieved her two arrows. After studying them for a few moments, Rain sighed. One could be repaired, but the other was unsalvageable. Her arsenal of arrows was growing dangerously poor - there were plenty of them in the quiver, but only a few of those made from the fangs of the Awakened Beast remained.

She cleaned the intact arrow and put it aside.

Finally, for the most important part...

Fishing out two gleaming crystals from the remains of the Stone Worm, Rain looked at her teacher and smiled.

"Shall I?

He raised his white hands and applauded her quietly.

"Go ahead. Good kill."

Rain pushed what remained of the hideous carcass into the pit with her foot, then knelt and placed the crystals on a flat rock. She often saw Awakened crush soul shards in their fists, but her mundane hands bruised terribly if she tried. So, instead, she simply brought the butt of her knife down on them.

The crystals shattered, and she felt an almost imperceptible amount of foreign essence trickle into her soul. It was a strange sensation, and one she had only become able to perceive recently.

Her teacher seemed satisfied, and she was, too.

"Teacher... how long do you think it will be before 1 can attempt forming a soul core?"

He studied her for a few moments, then smiled.

"Soon. You can already sense and control your essence, so it won't be long before it awakens. However....

A soft sigh escaped from his lips.

"Something tells me that it is not soon enough. So, we'll need to hurry up. You have to hunt another Awakened abomination. A strong one, as well."

Rain shivered, remembering the last time she faced an Awakened Nightmare Creature. That clash had almost cost her life. Had that th been strong, in her teacher's eyes?

She gave him a long look.

"You know that we can simply buy an Awakened soul shard or few? It will be expensive, sure. But my parents can help. Wait... actually, why do we need to buy them? Teacher, you're so great and awesome. Just do your thing! Tell a bunch of powerful abominations to be gone, and let me collect the shards!"

He stared at her dubiously and coughed.

"Well... sure, you're right. Your teacher is awesome! I can kill the abominations for you..."

Rain's eyes gleamed.

"Really?"

But he was not done talking:

"...and while I'm at it, why don't I Awaken for you, as well? Should I also feed you from a spoon, like a little baby?"

He scoffed.

"Let me tell you, a baby I knew Transcended before learning how to walk. And he didn't even have me as a teacher! Come to think of it, what's your excuse? Huh? What do you have to say for yourself?"

Rain glared at him hatefully, then looked away.

"Forget I said anything"

She cleaned her weapons, sheathed her knife, and fastened the rolled hide of the Stone Worm to her pack. Finally ready to depart, Rain hoisted the on her shoulders and started to walk.

It was time to head back to Ravenheart.

**********


                                Chapter 1628: Weary Pilgrim
--------------------
Rain made a point of using light equipment, and yet, she carried considerable weight. There were her clothes and armor, her bow, a quiver of arrows, the javelin she used, her sword, the hunting knife attached to her belt, and another knife hidden in her boot. There was also plenty of stuff in her pack and attached to her pack - everything she needed to hunt and survive in the wilderness.

It would have been nice to simply summon and dismiss all these things when she needed them, but alas, Rain couldn't use Memories. She couldn't even really use the Memories that someone else had summoned and handed to her, because her soul did not have a core, and she was not a carrier of the Nightmare Spell.

Weighed down by the additional burden of the Stone Worm's hide and fangs, Rain felt miserable.

It didn't help at all that Ravenheart was situated in the mountains. She was currently at the bottom of a deep gorge, not too far from the relatively flat area at the foot of the mountain chain where the farms feeding the city were located. There was a long and tough climb ahead of her,

Using the javelin as a staff, Rain slowly made her way out of the gorge, Luckily, she was in good shape... amazing shape, really, Her lithe and resilient body had been tempered by years of relentless training, and was pretty much at the very limit of what mundane humans could achieve.

In the past, Rain had trained extensively with private tutors. She had thought that her physical condition was stellar back then... she had known nothing. Under her teacher's harsh and prudent guidance, her physical state entered an entirely new territory. Her youthful body was strong, tenacious, and as nimble as that of a cat.

Even the most elite athletes would have been rattled and green with envy if they witnessed what she was capable of... not that it mattered. Any Awakened could still blow her away with one half-hearted slap.

'Ah... whatever!

Sometimes, Rain was angry at her teacher for prohibiting her from challenging the First Nightmare. But, at the same time, she was thankful to him. Not for her own sake, but on behalf of her parents.

They had already lost one child to the Nightmare Spell. If she was alone, Rain would have gladly risked her life for the chance of becoming an Awakened... but she could not bear the thought of putting her mom and dad through that suffering again.

So, her teacher's promise to help her Awaken without having to challenge a Nightmare was like a glimmer of light in a sea of darkness,

In any case.., even though climbing mountains in terrible weather while carrying a heavy load was hard and miserable, she had long grown accustomed to it.

As Rain ascended higher and higher, her teacher walked side by side with her, going over the events of the hunt. She had performed well and managed to kill the Stone Worm without sustaining any injuries, but there were still things that could have been done better, and things that could have been done differently.

"Maybe I shouldn't sell the blades we harvested from the Stone Worm. Next time, I can place them at the bottom of the pit like spikes."

"That's a good idea, but don't rely on traps too much. This time, the bastard ran straight, but next time, you might not get so lucky. What were you going to do if the worm bypassed your pit?"

"Retreat to lure him into the second pit, of course. And anyway, was it really luck? I investigated the slope and found the wormholes, chose an ambush spot, and dug pits between the former and the latter. Beasts are stupid, so the enemy would have gone after me using the shortest path. Sure, it turned out to be a Monster... a bit smarter, but still pretty dumb."

"What do you think luck is, brat? Luck is not something that just happens to you, it's something that you make happen. Believe me, I would know! I used to be the luckiest person in the world. Unluckiest, too....

Soon, Rain climbed high enough to escape the raining ash. The scorching heat was replaced by merciless cold, and the black soot was replaced by pristine snow. A strong wind rose, chilling her to the bone and almost tossing her off the slope.

Cursing, Rain shivered and hurriedly took her coat out of the pack, wrapping herself in its warmth and pulling the fur hood down. The coat, too, was fashioned from the hide of the Awakened Beast she had hunted, so it was enough to protect her from the fatal cold of the mountains.

Buttoning up the tall collar to shield her face, she lifted the pack and turned to look at her teacher.

He was standing a few meters away, wearing nothing but his light armor. Nevertheless, he was not showing any sign of being bothered by the cold, which only went further to solidify Rain's conviction that her teacher was some kind of unholy wraith.

His gazed was strangely solemn.

Turning to look in the same direction, she suddenly noticed a dark silhouette slowly moving through the snowstorm. Rain tensed for a moment, but then relaxed, noticing that it was a human.

A moment later, the strong wind died down, and the blizzard ended just as suddenly as it had begun.

She waved a hand and headed toward the stranger.

"Hey! Are you lost?"

However, her hand froze in the air. Something was wrong

Why hadn't her teacher disappeared into the shadows? He never showed himself when other people were around.

Her javelin was already rising when she finally got a good look at the approaching stranger.

...It was a young woman three or four years younger than herself. A teenager, really. Just like her teacher, she was only wearing a suit of light armor, which was torn and turned dark with frozen blood. Her skin was so pale that it looked blue, like that of a corpse, and her steps were slow and clumsy.

Her eyes were like frosty glass, devoid of any light, and her face was like a mask carved out of ice.

She was dead.

"Don't disturb her."

Her teacher's voice was glum. Rain grew quiet, lowering her javelin, and then took a step back to let the dead girl pass. A tiny sigh escaped from her lips.

The closer the walking corpse drew, the better she could see the terrible wounds covering her frigid body. Eventually, unable to look, Rain turned away and furtively rubbed her eyes.

The dead girl walked past them without showing any reaction, her bruised pale face motionless, and slowly disappeared into the swirling snow. A few moments later, the wind erased her footprints, as if she had never existed.

Rain and her teacher were left alone on the snowy slope.

She sighed.

The winter solstice had just passed recently...

"Is she... is she one of this year's Sleepers?"

He nodded.

"She must have died on the way to a Citadel. So, the Queen took her."

Rain remained silent for a while, then sighed again.

Queen Song held authority over death, so anything that died in her Domain was taken by her. It wasn't rare to see the dead pilgrims walking through the snow. For some, the journey was long... for some, the journey was short. After reaching Ravenheart, they entered the ice caves under the palace and became the Queen's servants.

Queen Song was the queen of the living, but she was also the queen of the dead. That was why people in the Sword Domain derisively called her the Queen of Worms.

That nickname was preposterous, of course. There were no worms in the Ice Halls, where the cold was so terrible that only the dead could survive.

...Rain stared in the direction where the taken girl had disappeared, considering if she should follow her. Following a pilgrim was safer, because Nightmare Creatures tended to avoid them.

But in the end, she decided to continue on her way. Seeing the dead girl was just too unnerving.

Because the perished Sleeper reminded Rain of her own insolent aspirations to become a carrier of the Nightmare Spell against her teacher's wishes. If she had...

Would she have ended up walking frozen through the snow, too?

**********


                                Chapter 1629: Roads to the Future
--------------------
Eventually, Rain reached one of the roads leading from the lowlands to the city. These mountain roads had been in use from before the Chain of Nightmares... it was hard to remember now after the population of Ravenheart exploded to many millions, but it had been a Great Citadel even prior to that.

The roads leading to the great bridge, and the beautiful palace beyond it, were actually thousands of years old. Granted, they had been in a state of desolation and disrepair when the Song clan made the ancient Citadel their home.

The Awakened of the great Legacy clan had restored them to their former glory, and the whole network was further expanded to account for the increased traffic in the past four years.

Now, heavily protected road crews were far away from the Citadel, building safe highways to other cities within the Song Domain. Many Awakened with Utility Aspects were participating in the construction, and many warriors were employed to defend the moving builder camps from the roving Nightmare Creatures. Rain had even tried to get hired for one of the crews, but no one wanted to employ a mundane fighter.

The best they could do was remain polite and not laugh in her face,

Ah

She couldn't really blame them. In any case, now that she had reached the wide and well-maintained road, the rest of the ascent would become much easier. There was probably a metaphor about the unnecessary hardships of walking the untrodden path somewhere in there, but Rain wasn't going to start complaining to her teacher again.

He had retreated into her shadow, anyway, unwilling to be seen by other people.

Rain rested for a bit, quenched her thirst from a military canteen, and continued on her way.

There were many people on the road. Workers descending into the lowlands or returning from their shifts, Song warriors on patrols, caravans loaded with heavy cargo... life was thriving, and the young city was boiling with activity.

Rain had grown up in the vast human jungle of NQSC, so Ravenheart did not seem that large, in comparison. However, it somehow felt much more vibrant. Its atmosphere was entirely different, as though everyone here was looking forward to the future, instead of trying not to think about it while being afraid of the past.

Four years ago, she did not understand the decision her parents had made to relocate the whole family, including her younger siblings, into the Dream Realm. Sure, her father had been offered a new position as one of the government liaisons in the Song Domain, which was technically a big promotion

But was it worth it, to uproot the family, abandon the safety and modern convenience of NQSC, and tie the lives of their children to the Dream Realm? Returning to the waking world or leaving the Domain meant being sent into the First Nightmare, after all. No matter how well-prepared you were, it was a deadly gamble.

When Rain asked her parents why they wanted to move to Ravenheart, her father had answered simply:

"Because that is where the future is."

Now, she thought she understood what he had meant. The future of humanity was, indeed, here.

Currently, the waking world was incomparably more populous and developed than the Dream Realm... but in a generation or two, their positions would be reversed. Eventually, the dying birthplace of humanity might even be entirely abandoned, making this harsh and dreadful world their only home.

And those who had left the cradle early would have an advantage in that future. So, the decision her parents had made was ultimately for the sake of Rain and her siblings. It was all to give them a head start.

'If humanity can even survive in the Dream Realm.!

Which was not a given, despite the power of the two Sovereigns.

She sighed and stepped aside to let a heavy wagon roll past her. Some of these wagons were being pulled by Awakened, who were much stronger and more resilient than any beast of burden could be, while some were not.

The one rolling past Rain was being pulled by... a a Nightmare Creature.

A hideous beast that resembled a nightmarish fusion of a carnivorous bull and a horned reptile was attached to a harness, dragging the wagon behind it.

There were no draught animals in the Dream Realm, or any other kind of cattle. However, here in Ravenheart, Nightmare Creatures were often used to pull wagons, plow the fields, and perform all kinds of labor-intensive or dangerous jobs.

It was all thanks to Saint Song Eunbin, better known as Beastmaster. Funnily enough, the most terrifying of Ki Song's daughters had also done the most to ease the lives of the citizens of Ravenheart. If not for her, the development of the city, and the Song Domain as a whole, would have never been as fast or as explosive.

Of course, it was still a bit creepy to be around the subjugated Nightmare Creatures, and one had to be cautious around them. Even enchanted by Beastmaster, they were dangerous beasts, so each had to be watched over by a trained handler.

Looking at the wagon roll away, Rain sighed.

"Saint Eunbin is amazing"

Her teacher's voice resounded from the shadows, sounding a bit wistful:

"Oh? Beastmaster? Well, she's not bad..., you know, she once asked me to run away with her. Of course, I refused. Your teacher is not someone who can be swayed by a pretty face!"

Rain gave her shadow a dubious glance, but kept her remarks to herself.

Grimacing, she carried her heavy pack and continued forward.

The closer to the city she got, the more crowded the road became. There were more Awakened patrolling it, too, some even accompanied by Echoes. The temperature slowly rose until it was warm enough for her to take off her coat. She even unbuttoned her jacket.

By the time the distant cold sun was ready to disappear behind the horizon, Rain finally reached her destination.

In front of her, built on the slope of the tall volcano, stood the gates of Ravenheart.

**********


                                Chapter 1630: Ravenheart
--------------------
From where Rain stood on the slope, she could see most of the city.

Ravenheart was separated into three distinct districts.

The largest by far was sprawled on the dark slope of the fuming volcano, protected from the merciless cold by its heat. This was where millions of mundane humans lived. Their homes were mostly built from black stone, so it seemed as though the entire city was a part of the mountain, intricately carved from its slope by some divine being.

The second district was built on the grandiose stone bridge that stretched over a bottomless chasm toward a distant snowy mountain. It was much smaller than the first one, but still rather large. That Bridge was home to most of the Awakened citizens of Ravenheart - since only they could survive the bitter cold and the strong winds blowing across it.

And finally, a sublime palace that seemed to be cut from obsidian glass stood at the opposite end of the great bridge. The palace was visible from anywhere in Ravenheart when the weather was good, its dark and ethereal beauty never failing to take one's breath away,

That was where Queen Song and her clan lived, and where the Gateway to the waking world was located.

...The Dream Gate, meanwhile, was located directly opposite the palace, on the slope of the volcano behind the mundane district. Supply shipments and new settlers arrived from it almost every day, lured by the promise of a better life.

Rain spent a few moments enjoying the view of the city, then hurried to the gate. She couldn't wait to reach her den and climb under a warm blanket.

There were a few familiar faces preparing to leave the city just as she was returning. A group of young Awakened were gathered in front of the gate, all clad in enchanted armor and wielding Memory weapons. A few of the young men seemed to be paying rapt attention to her.

Rain sighed.

These guys again...'

Her teacher didn't say anything, but she could feel an almost palpable scorn radiating from her shadow.

One of the young Awakened waved at her and smiled:

"Rain! Coming back from a hunt?"

She lingered, trying to come up with a polite way to avoid a conversation. Sadly, her mind was blank.

Eventually, Rain forced out a pale smile:

"Oh... yeah, I tracked down the Nightmare Creature that has been harassing one of theorms recently, A Stone Worm, Yeah..., it's dead."

The young man stared at her somewhat intensely, wearing an expression that she struggled to discern.

Why does he always stare at me? I'm crazy, I know! No need to make your distaste so obvious!

To add insult to injury, the guy was very handsome... like all Awakened were...

He used to be one of the mundane humans that had relocated to Ravenheart, like her, but challenged the First Nightmare last year. Being more or less the same age, they had known each other before, a little. But now there was a great divide between their status and social standing.

"Is there something on my face?"

The young Awakened coughed and awkwardly looked away.

"N-no, no... ah, we are just leaving to patrol. Anyway, good to see you... oh! That, uh... is that a Stone Worm hide? I was actually hoping to purchase some scales. Do you want to... want to meet tomorrow, maybe? I have some spare coin to spend..."

Rain gave him a strange look.

The guy was clearly wearing a full suit of enchanted armor. From the look of it, it was an Awakened Memory, and of a high Tier, at that. Why the hell would he need Stone Worm scales?

He noticed her expression and coughed again.

"Ah! It's for a friend of mine. A friend."

'Weirdo!

Rain shrugged.

"Aren't you going on a patrol? You won't be back for at least a week. Sorry, I don't want my house to reek like a slaughterhouse, so I'll sell the hide tomorrow on the market."

The young men blinked.

"Oh... right..."

She shook her head, nodded at him, and walked away.

As Rain was leaving, though, she heard the Awakened whispering among each other:

"Huh? Who was that? Why is she wearing trash, does she have no Memories?"

"You don't know? That's Crazy Rain! She's a mundane girl who goes around hunting Nightmare Creatures."

"What? No way..."

"It's true. You only Awakened this year, so you don't know. She's infamous here in Ravenheart, actually. Some say that she has killed more abominations than all of us combined... no one knows why she's still alive, but she is."

"Damn, Too bad she's a lunatic..."

"Both of you, shut up!"

"Yeah, shut up! And don't her a lunatic!"

"She might hear.."

Rain walked away, leaving the annoying whispers behind.

Passing through the city gates, she pursed her lips and complained to her teacher:

"Why do those guys always stare at me and try to stir up trouble? Can't they just leave me alone?"

Her teacher answered in an incredulous tone:

"You don't know?"

Rain raised an eyebrow.

"Know what?"

There was a long pause, and then her teacher chuckled.

"They stare at you because you're pretty! There's no one prettier than my little sister!"

She couldn't help but burst into laughter, making a few people give her strange looks.

'Right. Perhaps talking to myself in the middle of the street is not the best idea... especially considering that they already think I'm crazy...'

Rain shook her head derisively.

"Who, me? There are thousands of female Awakened in Ravenheart, and each of them is prettier than me. I doubt an Awakened guy would ever give me a second look."

Of course, she knew that she was... not too bad, really, appearance-wise, By mundane standards. But the effect of the Awakening on one's body was simply too great.

'Ah... they all have such smooth and silky skin. And no calluses. A weathered brute like me cannot compete

Her teacher scoffed quietly in the shadows.

"Gods. How dense are you, girl?"

He remained silent for a few moments, and then suddenly gasped.

"...Wait. Eye candy caf!"

There was another long pause, and then a dejected sigh.

"We are definitely siblings

**********

