Shadow Slave - PART 129
Chapters 1281 to 1290
==============================


                                Chapter 1281 Leaving the Dark Island
--------------------
Sunny dove into the shining depths of the Great River. His serpentine body was like a spear carved from black onyx, cutting through the radiant water with stunning, terrible speed. It was made to rule the sea, so no ship or vessel could compete with him in the deep.

A Great Monster, though...

Even though the Dark Butterfly was an aerial abomination, it had shown a dreadful ability to fight the Azure Serpent underwater with strange ease. They needed to escape being noticed by it... and so, Sunny swam down.

Nephis had the Essence Pearl, so he was not afraid of pulling her so deep that she would drown. That said... he was afraid of the depths.

There was no telling what was hiding at the bottom of the Great River. What kind of horrors lived there? Did time exist there, and if so, what was its flow? Sunny did not know, and he wasn't ready to find out.

The plan they had concocted was to dive deep enough to avoid the notice of the Dark Butterfly and then travel downstream, gradually returning to the surface. He saw no reason to change it.

As the onyx serpent moved down into the flowing abyss with a fragile human figure clutching to his horns, the dark island slowly disappeared in the distance. Its ominous silhouette was consumed by the radiance of the water, and soon, there was nothing around them but shining emptiness.

Sunny felt a strange melancholy brush against his heart and steeled himself.

They had finally escaped from the shell of the Black Turtle. That place... it had given him the peace and comfort he so desperately needed after the disastrous resolution of the dreadful and bitterly long Southern Campaign. For a while, it was like a paradise.

But that paradise was a dark one. In the end, it had turned into a death trap - and now, they were leaving both the paradise and the trap behind.

'Don't look back.'

He refused to. There were, without a doubt, a lot of much more harrowing obstacles waiting for them ahead. And, hopefully, at the end of them all...

They would be able to find a new paradise of their own.

Sunny carried Nephis deeper and deeper into the Great River. Slowly, the radiance of the water grew brighter, its flow more tumultuous, and the pressure assaulting them heavier. Knowing that his serpentine shell was much more resilient than Neph's body, he hesitated to go any further.

It was enough, anyway... if the Dark Butterfly was going to pursue them, it would have already plunged into the river and attacked.

A powerful sense of relief flooded his mind.

'Thank the gods...'

Sunny barely survived a battle with a Great Beast, and that was mostly due to the fact that the Azure Serpent had already been wounded, exhausted, and close to death. Fighting a Great Monster immediately after that battle would have surely been the end of him.

Twisting his giant body, Sunny slowed their descent, and then pushed forward. His already tremendous speed increased even more when he started to move with the current. It was to such a degree that Nephis struggled to hold on to his horns despite her Ascended strength.

But there was no helping it.

Now that they had escaped the dark island and the monstrous butterfly, another challenge lay in front of them, one that was perhaps even harder to overcome.

That challenge was the expanse of the Great River itself.

There was no point in leaving the dark island if all that awaited them was a slow, agonizing death. There were harrowing abominations of all kinds dwelling both in the water and in the boundless sky. Without anywhere to find shelter, doom was all but guaranteed - they might escape it once or twice, perhaps even a dozen times...

But sooner or later, exhaustion would overwhelm them, and their luck would run out. Then, the Great River would become their grave.

That was why Sunny and Nephis had a clear goal in mind. They had to travel downstream, as far into the past as they could, and discover the ancient people who had entered the Tomb of Ariel thousands of years ago.

Sunny was incredibly swift while encased in the shell of the onyx serpent. He could cover a great distance in a short amount of time, traveling much further than the carcass of the Black Turtle had been pulled by the current in an entire month.

The problem was essence.

Existing as a shadow incarnation was consuming his essence, and sustaining the massive shape of the river serpent was consuming it as well. He had already spent a lot of essence fighting the mad leviathan, and although Neph's flame was enhancing his soul to a degree, his reserves were not infinite.

Even though he was a Tyrant, they were not at all adequate for the task at hand.

And so, Sunny had to hurry. He had to squeeze all the speed he could muster from his serpentine form while he could.

If his essence ran out before they found land, or anything at all to climb onto... there would be no choice but to remain drifting in the water, slowly recovering their powers and hoping desperately that nothing would attack them in the meantime.

The dwellers of the deep, the swarms of abominable krill, the flying predators that hunted creatures inhabiting the river...

He didn't think that they would live long enough for their essence to be replenished.

Praying that something appeared on the horizon, Sunny flew through the shining water.

His powerful body cut through the flowing abyss, leaving a trail of raging turbulence in its wake. Nephis clung desperately to his horns, exhausted by the explosion of healing flames she had created earlier to save him, and the harrowing pain of having to use her Aspect for so long, and with such intensity.

Strangely enough, Sunny had ended up in a better state than her, despite being the one who had fought in the battle with the Azure Serpent. The longer they swam, the more worried about her he became.

...But he was tired, too.

His wounds might have healed, but the terrible mental exhaustion remained, smothering his ability to remain clear-headed and strive forward without rest.

Slowly, a cold lethargy was seeping into his mind.

Struggling against it, he continued to swim forward.

**********


                                Chapter 1282 Currents of Time
--------------------
Sunny did not know how far, exactly, they had traveled away from the dark island, but the distance had to be immense. His shadow shell was not only enormous, it was also created to reign in the water. Considering that he was moving with the current of the Great River, his already great speed was enhanced even more.

So, he decided that it would be safe to rise to the surface.

Gradually ascending, he tore through the radiant abyss and finally raised his head above the glistening waves.

Still clinging to his horns, Nephis slumped down and breathed heavily. It had been hard for her to withstand the resistance of the water, which had been battering her like a ram for so long.

The greater Sunny's speed was, the greater was the resistance. She had already been exhausted by straining her Ability beyond its limit, and enduring the feverish race through the depths could not have been easy.

But now that the onyx serpent's head was above water, Nephis could finally rest a little.

The sky was still impenetrably black. A soft glow was rising from the river, illuminating the vast emptiness of its flowing expanse. The view was as dreamlike and magical as it had been on the first day Sunny had seen it...

But his heart was pierced by despair.

It was because even now, after leaving the dark island so far behind, he couldn't see any hint of land anywhere around them.

An old doubt crawled into his mind, sapping strength from his tired body.

'What if there is no land... what if this whole world is nothing but water...'

Gritting his fangs, Sunny let out a quiet growl and strained every fiber of his shell to accelerate even more.

With his onyx snout as the spearhead and his black dorsal fin as a sharp blade, he cut the glowing surface of the Great River. Faster, faster... he was not out of essence yet.

There was a certain sense of exhilaration he felt, flying toward the horizon with terrible speed. The speed, the might of his shell, the slender weight of Neph's body pressing down on his scales, and the empty vastness of the boundless black sky... it was almost liberating.

But, at the same, his heart was drowning in anxiety, fear, and dread.

And soon, he was proven right to be afraid.

Sunny felt an ominous premonition and rose his head a little higher above the water. In the next moment, his serpentine eyes narrowed.

There, ahead of them... the surface of the Great River was seething and boiling. A boundless krill swarm was swiftly moving to meet them, hundreds of thousands of Corrupted Beasts burning with a mad desire to devour the onyx serpent and his rider alive.

Sunny's enormous body shuddered, but he tried to remain calm.

'This is not the end...'

The krill swarm was a harrowing foe, but the terror of it lay in how numerous the River Locusts were. The hungry legion rushing toward Sunny was the largest he had ever seen by far, enough so that even the Azure Serpent might have been unable to prevail against it. However...

Unlike the ancient leviathan, Sunny was not constrained by the need to defend his prey, and while the krill were numerous, they were not individually strong.

Much more importantly, they were not too fast.

Cutting a sharp turn, Sunny roared and flew west, parallel to the approaching mass of abominations. His feverish thoughts dissolved into a simple, bestial need to outrun the swarm. The distance between them grew smaller with frightening speed, and yet he still couldn't see the edge of the vast patch of rough water.

And by the time he saw it, there was no time left.

'Damn it!'

As Nephis picked herself up and summoned a sword, Sunny plunged into the mass of krill. The water surged around him, creating a barrier... but more than a few abominations passed through it.

His jaws snapped, and Neph's sword flashed.

...A few moments later, they broke the wall of River Locusts and tore free of the swarm. Sunny had just barely reached the edges of the rough water patch, and even though they had to go through the krill at the very end, the expanse of the Great River in front of them was clear.

Sunny swam with all his might, skirting the pursuing swarm and increasing the distance between the slithering locusts and his tail.

'Faster, faster, faster...'

Soon, the krill were left far behind. Nephis slumped again, clutching her sword with a trembling hand.

...He did not have a lot of essence left.

They continued to move downstream, covering a tremendous distance. The onyx serpent flew like an arrow... no, much faster than any arrow could fly. But that was still not enough.

After the first swarm, there was another.

After the second swarm, there was a harrowing creature that lunged at them from the depths.

After the creature, there was a gargantuan mass of rotting seaweed that almost ensnared and devoured them, a dozen grotesque maws suddenly appearing from beneath the swaying weeds.

And after that, there were more horrors than he could count. Flocks of predatory birds that seemed to have pearls growing in their desiccated flesh, invisible creatures that were able to instantly turn large spans of the river into adamantine ice, ghostly lights that burned in the depths of the water, filling their minds with an indescribable desire to approach them...

But Sunny was a river serpent, a monarch among beasts. His long body was fast, mighty, and tenacious. He was incredibly fast and at home in the water. He had outrun the krill, tore through the rotting seaweed, dove into the depths to avoid the birds of prey, broke through the ice, resisted the allure of the ghostly lights...

He had escaped from them all.

However...

His essence was running dry. It was almost gone. He was exhausted and well past the limits of his mental strength.

And there was still no land in sight.

By the time the seven suns slowly appeared from beyond the horizon, chasing away the impenetrable darkness, and the Great River stopped shining...

He was utterly spent.

It was not even a matter of willpower anymore. It was simply a matter of not having anything else to give. His essence was fully depleted.

Finally, despair consumed his heart.

The shadow shell was the first to crumble. The mighty onyx serpent shuddered, and then dissolved into shadows, which were instantly chased away by the pale light of dawn.

His incarnation disappeared next. Sunny turned intangible, and was then thrown out of the embrace of the shadows, finally regaining his human form.

He was in pain. Every muscle in his body felt like it was about to burst. His lungs felt as if they were consumed by fire. His head was heavy, and his limbs were weak.

He even failed to adapt to the change in time, swallowing a mouthful of water.

...Which was fine. He was dying from thirst, anyway.

Sunny felt himself sinking, and struggled weakly to stay afloat. But even that was too much of a strain.

'Am I... going to drown?'

A moment later, a strong arm embraced him, and he felt Nephis pressing his body against hers. Swimming with the help of her one free hand, she pulled them both upward.

Soon, their heads broke the surface of the water.

Sunny was momentarily blinded by sunlight and coughed, trying to push air into his lungs.

'Over... it's over... we won't survive the few days needed for our essence to recover...'

As he tried to think of something - anything - that could keep them alive, a strange shiver suddenly ran through Neph's body. Since she was still hugging him from behind, he could feel it clearly.

"Sunny... Sunny..."

He tried to answer, and was suddenly struck by the strangeness of his human body. It felt alien and tiny, not at all befitting a ferocious serpent like him.

He had forgotten how to talk.

'Snap out of it, damn it.'

Sunny slowly gathered his senses, remembering what it meant to be human. Then, he moved his unfamiliar tongue and said hoarsely:

"What?"

Nephis moved, turning them both to face downstream. Her voice was just as hoarse as his:

"There!"

He frowned, following the direction where her finger was pointing with his gaze, and then froze.

There, on the water, no more than a hundred meters away...

A small boat was swaying on the waves, both of its sails lowered.

It was made out of beautiful dark wood, with intricate patterns carved along its sides. There was no movement inside, but the boat seemed to be staying in place, strangely unaffected by the strong current of the Great River.

And so, they were being slowly pulled in its direction.

**********


                                Chapter 1283 Ketch
--------------------
A small wooden vessel was resting on the sparkling water. The seven suns were rising from the distant depths, and the world was painted in the lilac hues of early dawn. Illuminated by that beautiful light, the vessel seemed like an illusion.

"What... is this?"

His hoarse voice was full of disbelief. It was just too improbable, to find an empty boat swaying gently on the waves just when his essence had run out, and despair had taken hold of his heart. The Great River was inconceivably vast, and yet, they had just happened to find themselves a mere hundred meters away from a boat at that exact moment? Even when [Fated] was involved, the coincidence seemed too convenient. It was to such a degree that Sunny even considered that he was hallucinating... wouldn't be the first time, anyway. Maybe the Sin of Solace had learned a new trick.

However, Nephis saw the boat, too.

She hesitated for a moment, then said numbly:

"...It's a ketch."

Sunny was about to ask what the word ketch meant, but he was too tired for unnecessary questions. It was probably a type of boat, regardless... Nephis knew about these things, considering that she had even built one for them, back on the Forgotten Shore. It was probably also a part of her Legacy training.

The two of them remained still for a few seconds, then swam toward the... ketch. Well, Nephis was the only one swimming while supporting Sunny - he just weakly moved his legs to help her a little.

Soon, they reached it. Sunny placed his palm on the hull of the sailboat, still unsure if it was real. However, the dark wood felt smooth and solid to his touch. He traced his hand across it, both stunned and relieved.

'It might be a trap...'

Even if it was, they had no choice but to climb into the ketch. It was too small to protect them from great abominations like the Azure Serpent, but anything was better than nothing. More than that... the ketch couldn't be as simple as it looked. It was drifting in the harrowing waters of the Great River without a scratch on its hull, after all. A mundane boat would have been destroyed in a matter of hours here. Even the piece of flotsam that Sunny had once used as a raft, which was tough enough to withstand the nails of a Master, was turned into tiny splinters. It had to have been a part of a large vessel before turning into flotsam, too, and that mysterious vessel had ended up being destroyed.

Plus... the ketch was not really drifting. It was staying in place, unaffected by the current of time. So, it was certainly special in some way.

A tentative spark of hope ignited in Sunny's heart.

Despite the modest size of the wooden sailboat, its sides were too tall for them to simply climb over them, especially in their weakened state. However, a rope ladder was conveniently lowered into the water near the bow of the ketch, as if inviting them in.

Sunny and Nephis glanced at each other. His paranoia was acting up - not without a reason - and from the looks of it, she felt the same way. But there was no decision to make.

Since salvation miraculously presented itself, they would be fools not to accept the unexpected gift.

Nephis pushed Sunny toward the ladder, and then helped him climb up.

Falling over the side of the ketch, Sunny sprawled on the wooden floor. The feeling of something solid under him was both unfamiliar and heavenly. The gentle swaying of the boat was like a lullaby.

'Ah...'

A moment later, Nephis awkwardly climbed over the rim and tumbled down, landing squarely on top of him. Sunny let out a weak groan.

"Ow..."

They remained motionless for a few moments, catching their breaths, then slowly extricated themselves from each other and took a cautious look around.

The ketch was not too big, about seven meters long. Its layout was very simple. There was only a single deck, with no roofed interior or cabins. The deck was completely open, with two masts - a longer one and a shorter one - rising into the air like slender, dark pillars.

Everything was made with a mundane, but exquisite level of craftsmanship. The wooden surfaces were tastefully engraved, showing all sorts of flowing images, now smoothed out by the wind, water, and passage of time. The ketch seemed like the loving creation of a supremely skilled artisan, even if it had seen better days.

One look was enough to tell that the wooden boat was very old. However, it had been maintained with the utmost care, remaining in near-perfect condition.

Sunny was musing about who could have taken care of the ketch when his gaze finally reached the stern, where the steering oar was supposed to be. Unlike the Chain Breaker, there was no runic circle for the helmsman. Instead, there was only a very mundane wooden bench...

And there, on that bench, a corpse was sitting with its head hung low.

His body suddenly grew stiff.

'W-what...'

Sunny was momentarily paralyzed by shock.

Because that corpse... it looked eerily familiar.

It was shrouded in a dark mantle, which made it hard to determine whether the body belonged to a man or a woman. All that he could see was that the person was of small stature, and terribly thin. Their long white hair moved slightly in the wind, and their face...

The face was obscured by a mask of black lacquered wood. The mask was carved to resemble the face of a ferocious demon. Its teeth were bared, with four fangs protruding from its mouth, and there were three twisted horns rising from it like a crown. Inside the black chasms of its eyes, there was nothing but pure darkness.

It was Weaver's Mask.

And the corpse was just like the one he had found beneath the ruined cathedral of the Dark City, all those years ago.

**********


                                Chapter 1284 Hail Weaver
--------------------
1284 Hail Weaver

Sunny found himself unable to move for a few moments. Encountering the ketch just when they desperately needed shelter was already shocking enough. Finding a corpse that looked eerily similar to the nameless prisoner of the hidden dungeon beneath the ruined cathedral inside the ketch… it sent him into a fugue state.

All kinds of wild thoughts rushed through his mind.

For a split second, Sunny even imagined that it was his own corpse, brought here from the future by some strange anomaly of the mystical river. But, no… the proportions were all wrong. He was not a tall man, but the mysterious person was even smaller. They were practically tiny.

In fact, now that Sunny had taken a good look at the corpse, he realized that it was different from the prisoner of the ruined cathedral, as well. The dark mantle and the mask were the same, but the body hidden beneath them was not. Even with its features obfuscated, he could tell the difference.

Still… what was the meaning of this? How could there be another Weaver's Mask? Who were these two people, and how could they be so similar despite the great divide between the Dark City and the Tomb of Ariel?

Nephis seemed startled, as well, albeit for a different reason than Sunny. She did notice his strong reaction, though.

"Sunny? What is it?"

She must have noticed that the mask the corpse was wearing was the same mask Mongrel wore. She also knew that it was a Divine Memory of the Seventh Tier, even if Sunny had never told her where Weaver's Mask came from.

He took a deep breath.

"That corpse… it's just like the one I found in the Dark City, beneath the cathedral. That was where I got the mask."

Sunny had found the Spawn of the Vile Thieving Bird by pure coincidence — even if that coincidence might not have happened without the influence of [Fated]. Everything that followed after absorbing the drop of ichor that contained Blood Weave, however, was the result of logic and reason. It was the consequence of that first chance encounter.

Guided by the ability to see the radiance of divinity, which Blood Weave granted him, he explored the cathedral of the Dark City and received Weaver's Mask. Guided by Weaver's Mask, he dove into the Sky Below, reached the Ebony Tower, and discovered Weaver's severed arm, thus acquiring Bone Weave.

What was the cause of this situation, then? Was it a coincidence or the result of his choices?

As Sunny was spacing out, consumed by these thoughts, Nephis looked at him with a frown.

"...Corpse? What do you mean?"

He shivered.

Could she not see the hunched figure sitting on the helmsman's bench?

He took a step forward and pointed with a hurried motion.

"T-that… don't you see that corpse?"

Nephis seemed both wary and slightly confused.

"Of course, I see that person. It's just that… why do you keep calling them a corpse? That person is alive."

Sunny eyes widened.

…And in the next moment, the corpse moved.

With a deep sigh, its hanging head rose, and two dark chasms carved into the fearsome mask stared at Sunny with an ineffable emotion.

Then, the corpse slowly, arduously stood up.

No, not the corpse… the person. The wearer of Weaver's Mask was, indeed, alive.

Sunny watched silently, unable to move. Only his hand stretched out a little, ready to summon a weapon.

Once the owner of the ketch rose to their feet, he realized that they were indeed very small. The figure shrouded by the dark mantle was extremely thin, seeming weak and frail. The person's back was hunched, and their hands seemed to be shaking slightly.

It was no surprise that Sunny had mistaken the wearer of the mask for a corpse. With the person remaining utterly motionless and his perception painted by the encounter in the dungeon of the ruined cathedral, it would have been strange for him to assume that they were alive.

The hunched stranger froze, looking at them through the lightless pits of the black lacquered mask's eyes. Sunny and Nephis weren't moving, either, not knowing what to do.

They had just unceremoniously climbed into this person's boat… so, what was there to do? Ask politely to be saved? Or attack them out of fear?

Sunny secretly shifted his gaze, trying to determine whether the wearer of the mask was a human or a Nightmare Creature. However, just like with the corpse beneath the cathedral, the dark mantle and the mask were impenetrable. Beyond them lay an unknowable abyss.

An icy chill crept up his spine.

Then, the owner of the ketch slowly raised their hands, which were wrapped in black gloves. The thin fingers touched the edges of the black lacquered mask and slowly pulled it down.

The face that was revealed belonged to a human. She was an old, extremely old woman. Sunny had never seen anyone who looked so ancient. He couldn't quite believe that someone that aged could still be alive.

Her tan skin was covered in a spiderweb of deep, cavernous wrinkles and clung to her emaciated face like fragile paper. Her long hair was entirely white and thin, revealing glimpses of the brown parchment of her scalp. Her eyes, which had been piercing once, were now dull and obscured by milky cataracts.

The old woman's small, hunched body was frail and thin, as if ready to collapse from the smallest gale. The dark mantle hung listlessly from it, a few sizes too big.

Nevertheless, she was emanating a feeling of unimpeachable dignity, willpower, and… sanctity, even.

The black mask fell to the deck of the ketch with a wooden clack.

The old woman was looking at Sunny and Nephis silently, one moment passing after another.

And then, she moved.

Bending down, she groaned and slowly kneeled. Sunny was startled, but most of all, he felt a strong urge to jump forward and stop her. It felt incredibly wrong, to see such an old woman prostrating herself… let alone in front of him.

He noticed Neph's back growing stiff, as she felt the same. The corner of her eye twitched.

But neither of them moved.

Finally, the old woman's knees touched the deck. Placing both hands in front of her, she took a shaky breath, and then kowtowed deeply.

Her quiet voice sounded like a scraping quill. Hearing it, Sunny flinched.

She said:

"Hail… Weaver… Demon of Fate…"

In the silence that followed, he hesitated for a while, and then answered:

"...Firstborn of the Unknown."

The old woman remained motionless for a few moments, and then let out a long sigh.

Lowering her head even closer to the deck, she spoke with reverence:

"Ananke greets the Children of Weaver..."

-----

Erdiul's Note: Ah... These are my favourite type of chapters, the lore drops. Super excited to see what she has to tell about the Weaver. What do you guys think she meant with ''Children of Weaver''. Could be Neph and Sunny alone or it could be everyone connected to the spell. Who knows, who knows....

**********


                                Chapter 1285 Ananke
--------------------
"Ananke greets the Children of Weaver…"

The word hung in the air. Sunny and Nephis glanced at each other warily, both confused by this strange situation. Why was the old woman prostrating in front of them? Why had she addressed them as children of Weaver?

'What is going on?'

Sunny was tired out of his mind, and the inexplicable nature of the strange old woman was simply too much for him to process.

She didn't seem hostile, at least.

With a sigh, he allowed his exhausted body to collapse and sat down on the wooden deck of the ketch. Nephis, meanwhile, hesitated for a few moments, then took several steps forward and carefully pulled the old woman up. "Please rise, Grandmother. Do not bow on our account."

responsible for the great calamity that had befallen Earth… or maybe for its salvation. Regardless, Old Ananke seemed to have a deep connection to Weaver and the The owner of the ketch — Ananke — allowed herself to be gently pulled into a sitting position. Then, Nephis returned to Sunny and sat side by side with him. The two of them were now facing the old woman, waiting for her to say something. But she remained silent.

After a few moments passed, Sunny frowned. He felt nervous… there was no telling just how powerful this woman was, and what her intentions were. Ananke was a complete mystery. …She could also provide answers to many mysteries that had plagued him.

So, he asked:

"I am sorry, Grandmother… but why did you call us the Children of Weaver?"

There were many questions he wanted to ask, but this one was the most pressing — its answer could explain how Old Ananke would treat them. The old woman took a deep sigh, then spoke in her thin, creaky voice:

"Because you are the Chosen of the Nightmare Spell. You are... a miracle. Your existence is Weaver's triumph." A proud smile appeared on her lips. It was warm and almost… motherly. As though she was indeed a grandmother looking at her young, beautiful grandchildren. Sunny took a deep breath, feeling embarrassed. 'Weaver's triumph…'

He was all but certain that the Nightmare Spell had been created by the Demon of Fate. Now, the last, tiny sliver of doubt had disappeared. Weaver was indeed the being responsible for the great calamity that had befallen Earth… or maybe for its salvation. Regardless, Old Ananke seemed to have a deep connection to Weaver and the Nightmare Spell. She was also, most likely, one of the people they had wanted to find — a native inhabitant of the Great River. One of the ancient people who had entered the Tomb of Ariel before the gods fell. …But wouldn't it mean that she had come to the Great River before the Spell was created?

Things were still not making any sense.

As if reading his thoughts, Nephis leaned forward and asked as politely as she could:

"Forgive me for asking, but who are you, Grandmother?"

Ananke smiled. What she said next made both Sunny and Nephis flinch: "...I am Ananke. The Priestess of the Nightmare Spell."

In the silence that followed, the old woman gently shook her head. "It must be hard for you to imagine, my Lord and Lady. You come from a time when the Nightmare Spell has matured and rules unopposed, its blessings given freely to all. But it wasn't always like that. At the beginning, which was also the end, when the Nightmare Spell was still in its infancy, there was a need for people like me to tend to it, protect it… and, above all, to help it spread, so that it could grow stronger."

Her wrinkled face grew somber, and a heavy sigh escaped from her lips. "Which wasn't easy… wasn't easy at all. After all, we, the followers of a daemon, were deemed heretics and persecuted by servants of the gods. All were despised, many were hunted down and put to death. Well… not that I experienced any of that myself." Every sentence the old woman spoke was a revelation, and they followed one after another. There were so many startling pieces of information she was sharing freely with them that Sunny found himself unable to digest it all.

He felt like a person who was drowning in a deep sea after spending years dying from thirst in the desert. 'Priestess of the Nightmare Spell… the beginning that was also the end? Must be the early stages of the war between the daemons and the gods… wait, the Spell was not created as it is today? It had to grow? Be grown, even? Persecuted by the gods? What?'

He was failing desperately to keep up, tired as he was. Nephis was struggling, too, but it seemed as though she had a slightly better grasp of the conversation. White sparks ignited in her eyes. "So, our existence is proof that the suffering of the followers of Weaver was not meaningless? That the Nightmare Spell you worshiped and proselytized has realized its great design?"

River, which flowed from the future into the past, would have had a different Ananke nodded and looked at them with reverence, which made both feel uncomfortable. "Indeed. You are very wise, my Lady."

Nephis remained silent for a few moments, then remarked evenly:

"...You don't seem to be surprised by the fact that we come from the future."

Sunny forced himself to focus. It was a very poignant question, and one that he had failed to think of himself, distracted by the avalanche of revelations. The old woman slowly nodded, her breath ragged. It seemed that it was hard for her to speak for so long, but she still forced herself to answer:

"Of course, I am not surprised. Haven't you come from upstream, my Lord and Lady?"

Nephis and Sunny glanced at each other. They had indeed. The natives of the Great River, which flowed from the future into the past, would have had a different perception of time. For them, people from the future might not seem that strange. Ananke took a breath, then added tiredly:

"Oh, but I was also warned that you would come."

'Huh?'

That was perhaps the most shocking revelation yet. After a moment of silence, Sunny raised an eyebrow while hiding how shaken he truly was. "...Warned? How?"

The old woman nodded again, her unbound white hair moving in the wind. "I received a message… in my dreams. A message that the Children of Weaver would come. And that…"

She paused for a few moments, catching her breath, then finished fervently:

"...And that I must help them reach Fallen Grace, where Dusk, the last of the sybils, reigns."

**********


                                Chapter 1286 Fortuitous Encounter
--------------------
Dusk… Sybil of the Fallen Grace. Sunny shivered. Of course, he remembered who Dusk was. He was wearing a tunic called Shroud of Graceless Dusk, after all — the Transcendent Memory of the Sixth Tier he had received for slaying the Terror of LO49. …That damned horror. If he were to try and assign numbers to the enemies he had faced in Antarctica based on how many mental scars they left him with, the beautiful flower of floating white silk would be squarely placed second, right behind the Winter Beast. Even Goliath, who had literally killed him, did not leave as harrowing of an impression. Of course, Dusk was most likely neither dead nor corrupted yet in the Nightmare. She was still a human, and seemed to be ruling a place called Fallen Grace. Since Sunny and Nephis wanted to reach the civilization of the Great River and find the sybils, this destination was perfect. …It was a little bit too perfect, even. Ananke had answered one of the most important questions they had. The improbable coincidence of them finding her ketch just when they needed it was no coincidence at all. She had come knowingly, expecting to find them. But who was it that had instructed her where to find them? In her dreams, no less? Who was pulling the strings of this Nightmare behind the scenes?

'Is it, perhaps, the last sybil herself?' Sunny frowned, knowing that he would not find the answer any time soon. The earliest opportunity was probably going to be when he came face-to-face with the Sybil of the Fallen Grace… again. He sighed. "...Fallen Grace? How far is that?"

Old Ananke hesitated for a few moments. "It is far. Very, very far. So far that I won't be able to guide you all the way there."

She grew silent, her eyes closing slightly. It almost seemed as though she had dozed off. Then, however, the old woman shook slightly, and added:

"But I will take you as far as I can go, my Lord and Lady. Ah… you see, we daemon followers weren't welcome here, in Ariel's Tomb, either. They chased us away, and we traveled upstream for a long time before settling down and building Weave. Weave… it's one of the human cities on the Great River, like Fallen Grace. Or, at least… it used to be…"

Sunny and Nephis looked at each other. Why was it that Ananke was unable to return downstream? Was there some kind of internal strife between the locals of the Great River? Would it be dangerous for her to enter the waters controlled by the sybils?

And what did she mean, that Weave only used to be a city?

Nephis spoke cautiously:

"We wouldn't want to put you in danger, Grandmother."

The old woman smiled. "Helping you is both my wish and privilege, my Lady. Do not worry about me… I am… of the Great River…"

Her speech was slowing down, and her words became slurred. It was obvious that the old woman was growing too tired to continue the conversation.

She seemed to have understood that, too. With a soft sigh, Ananke raised her hands. In the next moment…

Sunny and Nephis both stared in bewilderment as a whirlwind of white sparks appeared in the air.

'She is… she is summoning a Memory.'

This action, which was so mundane and familiar to them, looked infinitely strange and out of place when performed by one of the ancient humans. It was the ability of those infected by the Spell, after all, and no one they had met in all the Nightmares possesed it.

Soon, a wooden box appeared on the deck in front of them. Ananke opened it with shaking hands and took out several items…

A beautifully embroidered tablecloth, a carafe of wine, a painted ceramic teapot with steam rising from its spout, two small cups, and two plates — one full of ripe fruits, the other full of small savory pies. The fruits were succulent, and the pies looked freshly cooked. The items were simple and modest, even worn out a little, yet lovingly maintained.

A delicious smell spread through the air. Ananke carefully placed everything on the tablecloth and offered the food to Sunny and Nephis. "My Lord, My Lady… you must be tired after braving the horrors of the future. Please, eat and rest. I… I will guide us back to Weave, first…"

She took a deep breath, then slowly rose to her feet and walked back to the helmsman's bench with effort. Sitting down on it, the old woman tiredly lowered her head and whispered several strange, ineligible words.

In the next moment, the ketch suddenly moved. The midnight-colored sails rose by themselves and billowed in the wind, while the steering oar swayed, turning the bow of the boat downstream. Soon, they were sailing across the sparkling expanse of the Great River, slowly gaining speed. Sunny and Nephis hesitated for a bit. Both of them were completely exhausted and incredibly hungry, but… they still did not trust the old woman.

What if the food was poisoned? What if she was waiting until they fell asleep to kill them?

Sunny glanced at the frail figure of the priestess. She looked too fragile and weak to pose any threat to them. Of course, looks could be deceiving… but he also felt that Ananke had been sincere and treated them with nothing except great benevolence. It was hard to dislike or distrust the kind, earnest old woman.

'Ah, whatever…'

Even if she had done something to the food, he was very hard to poison. Blood Weave made him all but immune to most toxins, after all.

Shaking off the mad desire to devour everything in sight — the faint remnant of the ferocious form of the river serpent — he tentatively picked up a savory pie, still warm from the oven, and took a bite. His hand trembled. 'Delicious… so delicious…'

Not wasting any more time, Sunny sent the whole pie into his mouth and chewed greedily. A few moments later, he raised his thumb and nudged Nephis with his elbow.

She lingered for a moment, then followed his example. They ate and drank like two kids being spoiled by their grandmother, oblivious to everything else. Soon, the entire meal disappeared. They didn't even spare the wine.

After that… Sunny felt incredibly sleepy.

But it wasn't the unnatural feeling of having been drugged. It was simply the natural reaction of his abused body demanding some well-deserved and much-needed rest. 'Safe… we're safe, I think...'

Struggling to keep his eyes open, Sunny looked at Nephis. She was tired, too, and yet she nodded to answer his silent question. "It's alright. I'll take the first watch. You can…"

Before she even finished the sentence, Sunny had already dropped his head on her lap, fast asleep.

**********


                                Chapter 1287 Blissful Ignorance
--------------------
Sunny slept like a baby. There were no nightmares haunting his dreams, and when he woke up, his heart felt strangely at peace. He remained motionless for a while, feeling the warmth of Neph's hand resting on the crown of his head. The ketch was moving swiftly across the water, carried by both the wind and the current, and the world around them was dark. It was already night. '...I overslept.'

Nephis should have woken him up. Had she gotten any rest herself?

Turning his head slightly, Sunny looked up and saw her elegant jawline. She was leaning on the wooden side of the ketch, her eyes closed. Her breathing was slow and deep. She was fast asleep. So… no one was keeping watch.

"Don't be upset with the Lady, my Lord."

Sunny flinched slightly and glanced at the stern of the boat, where Ananke was still sitting, holding lightly to the steering oar. Her dark mantle was of the same color as the night sky, making it hard to discern where its folds ended, and the night began. "You both needed rest."

Sunny felt very comfortable laying on Neph's lap, but he had to sit up with a reluctant sigh. Rubbing his eyes, he looked at his shadows, which were all but invisible in the darkness. None of them showed any sign of being concerned, so he judged that the old woman had not tried anything strange while they slept. Even though it would take a few more days for his reserves of essence to be fully replenished, they were not dry anymore. Due to the Shroud of Dusk, he also felt rested and refreshed. However, he was slightly hungry. Sunny hesitated for a few moments, and then asked:

"Say… you wouldn't happen to have more of those little pies?"

Ananke smiled. "There should be a few left in the box. Eat well, my Lord. I made them with care."

Sunny noted that the wooden box was not a Memory that created food, but instead a storage Memory that helped keep supplies fresh. Everything inside must have been prepared by Ananke in anticipation of meeting the Children of Weaver. Opening the lid, he discovered a few leftover pies, as well as more fruit and a couple other simple dishes, all perfectly fresh and preserved. It smelled so wonderful that he remained motionless for a moment, enjoying the fragrance. Misunderstanding his hesitation, the old woman spoke:

"I'm sorry that I can't offer you more, my Lord. It is… not easy for me to procure fruit and flour, these days. I hope you are not too disappointed."

Sunny looked at her and smiled. "What are you talking about, Grandmother? I once ate nothing but rotten devil meat for an entire month. This is nothing short of a feast."

To illustrate his point, he picked up one of the pies and greedily pushed it into his mouth. Ananke tilted her head a little. "...Do people still suffer from hunger in the future?"

Sunny chewed for a long time before answering. The old woman clearly believed that the future was some kind of a paradise that she and the other followers of Weaver helped create. He didn't want to hurt her feelings.

He shrugged. "Smart people don't. Ah… but I am not too smart myself, sadly. At least not all the time."

Then, a sudden thought flashed through his mind. Sunny looked at Ananke carefully, then asked:

"...But what about you, Grandmother? Have you eaten anything?"

She was so thin and frail that he had mistaken her for a corpse not too long ago. However, she had only offered the food to them, not partaking in it herself. Ananke gently shook her head.

"This body of mine does not get hungry often. I'll just catch some fish later."

Sunny frowned, then took out the rest of the pies and walked over to the steering oar, offering them to her:

"No, that won't do. Please eat some, too. Otherwise, my teacher will give me a beating once I come back home…"

Teacher Julius would indeed be beside himself if he learned that Sunny stuffed his belly while an elderly woman starved herself nearby… even if that woman was just a Nightmare inhabitant. More than that, just what kind of fish was she going to catch in the Great River?

Ananke hesitated a little, then took one of the pies with a shaking hand and smiled. "Thank you, my Lord. That is enough."

When he went back to the box, Neph stirred slightly and opened her eyes. She stared at her empty lap for a few moments, then looked at Sunny and blinked a couple of times. Finally, she sniffed the air and turned to the wooden box, guided by the enticing fragrance of the freshly cooked food.

Her eyes glistened.

The two of them had a scrumptious meal while Ananke slowly ate her single pie. The atmosphere inside the ketch was strangely peaceful. It was as though they were sailing on a calm lake instead of the deadly expanse of the Great River, where all kinds of terrifying creatures dwelled.

The water was glowing with soft opalescence, while the sky was impenetrably black. The beautiful vista of the world hidden within the Tomb of Ariel was as dreamlike and mystical as ever.

As Sunny looked at the surface of the water, he suddenly saw its light grow dim. There was… a vast, inconceivable shadow moving somewhere unfathomably deep, below them, blocking off the radiance of the drowned suns with its endless expanse.

For a few moments, a bleak darkness enveloped the entire span of the Great River around the ketch, and then indifferently moved on.

He shivered and looked at Ananke, terror hiding in his lightless eyes. The old woman calmly held the steering oar as she smiled. "Don't worry, my Lord. They can't sense us."

Sunny hesitated for a while, wondering if he should ask who the "they" she spoke of were. …In the end, he remained silent.

There were things that a person was better off not knowing. Sunny was not sure if he could allow himself the luxury of ignorance… but he decided to enjoy being ignorant still, at least for today.

**********


                                Chapter 1288 King Among Beasts
--------------------
There were still a lot of questions Sunny wanted to ask Ananke, and a lot he needed to learn. But, surrounded by the silent darkness of the night, he simply listened to the gentle sound of water splashing against the hull of the swift ketch and stared at the glowing expanse of the Great River without saying a word.

A lot had happened yesterday… gods. Was it really just a day ago that he had fought the Azure Serpent? The fearsome battle, the frantic escape from the dark island — there had not been a single moment of peace for him to settle himself and contemplate these matters yet.

'It feels like a dream.'

He had really done it… he had killed a Great Beast. Of course, it was partly due to the blessing of Neph's soul flame, as well as the fact that the Azure Serpent had been severely weakened. And yet… was there another Master in the world who could boast the same feat? Surely not.

Had there ever been?

Sunny shifted uncomfortably, afraid that the incredible achievement would go to his head. He almost wished to hear the biting remarks of the Sin of Solace, who never missed a chance to bring him down… the bastard was somewhere nearby, but kept out of sight. He could feel the faint presence of the hateful wraith at the edges of his consciousness.

Nevertheless, it was a fact — Sunny had indeed slain the Azure Serpent… Daeron of the Twilight Sea. 'What an unusual name for a Nightmare Creature.'

After observing the mad beast for so long and even assuming its form, Sunny was certain that there was something special about the ferocious abomination. Now, after learning its name, he came to strongly suspect… that the Azure Serpent was not an abomination at all.

Or at least had not always been one.

'Was the old snake actually a human once?'

Humans were all considered to be Beasts by the Spell, after all. A Sovereign, for example, could be called a Supreme Beast. …So what would happen if a Sovereign succumbed to Corruption? Looking at the radiant expanse of the Great River, Sunny felt restless.

'There might be a simple way to find out.'

Closing his eyes, he dove into his Soul Sea. It was exactly the same as it had been before, with five black suns looming above the still water. Only now, after learning the truth of how the world of the Great River had been created, he perceive it in a somewhat new light.

A legion of shadows stood motionless in the silent darkness. Sunny still remembered the time when he could count the lifeless shadows with one hand, but there were so many of them now. Thousands…

'Have I really killed that many?'

Of course, he had. From the Forgotten Shore to the Tomb of Ariel, Sunny had lived a life of slaughter... even if it had not been of his own volition. The numbers had especially swelled during the Southern Campaign, where he had been constantly surrounded by vast hordes of rampant Nightmare Creatures. Most of the shadows were abominations — the Mountain King, the formless shadow of the unborn Spawn of the Vile Thieving Bird, the Forsaken Knight, the Mordant Mimic, the Terror of LO49, the mountainous Titan Goliath…

But there were plenty of humans, too. The nameless old slaver, Harper, Harus, Caster, Pierce, the Red Priest, the War Maidens, the soldiers of the Ivory City, Knight Amiran and the many Awakened of the Great Clans he had killed in East Antarctica, Saint Dire Fang… and many more. There was also Solvane. Two of her, actually — one that he had slain on the Chained Island, and the other he had slain in the Kingdom of Hope. Sunny felt bizarre every time he saw them. But he was looking for someone else right now. He first guessed that his suspicion was right after noticing that there was no gargantuan shape of a great serpent among the shadows. And then, he finally saw him… Daeron of the Twilight Sea. The Azure Serpent had, indeed, been a human once. There, in the darkness, stood the shadow of a handsome man with strong facial features and fierce, downturned eyebrows. He was tall and imposing, with broad shoulders and a strong-willed, angular face. His hair was arranged in a long braid, and he wore an archaic robe that seemed both simple and regal. 'The Azure Serpent… he really was a human.'

Sunny froze, looking at the silent shadow. His heart was in turmoil.

This was the first time he had seen a human who had succumbed to Corruption. And not any human, at that — a proud and mighty Sovereign, an exalted being of the Supreme Rank. Even Solvane, who had spent thousands of years being tormented by the Wormvine, never gave up her humanity. Who was King Daeron? Why had he come to the Tomb of Ariel? How had he ended up losing himself in the madness and turning into an abomination, becoming no different from a mindless beast?

…Would Sunny end up the same, one day?

A deep frown appeared on his face. 'Corruption…'

Sunny had not really faced Corruption yet, only the result of Corruption — those frenzied fiends humans of the waking world called Nightmare Creatures. However, he felt that if his power continued to grow, he would come into contact with it eventually. Perhaps even inevitably.

'Troubling.'

He glanced at the shadow of Daeron one last time, hesitated, and then said quietly:

"Find peace within me, Old Snake. Your nightmare is over."

The Azure Serpent had been a terrible enemy, but he had also protected Sunny and Nephis from the other horrors of the Great River. They wouldn't have been able to enjoy the blissful month on the dark island if not for his madness, hunger, and ferociousness.

Sunny had learned a lot from the great serpent, as well.

With a sigh, he turned away and walked to stand between the five black suns. There was still something he needed to see…

Sunny had received a Memory after killing the corrupted Sovereign, after all. His first Memory of the Supreme Rank.

Well… his first Memory of the Supreme Rank that he had actually earned, as opposed to mysteriously receiving it out of nowhere. Summoning the runes, Sunny found the unfamiliar string of them and read:

Memory: [Crown of Twilight].

Memory Rank: Supreme.

Memory Tier: I.

Memory Type: Tool…

**********


                                Chapter 1289 Crown of Twilight
--------------------
'A tool…'

Sunny wouldn't have minded receiving a weapon or an armor, but a tool could be incredibly valuable, too. After all, he already had the Sin of Solace — the jade sword was only of the Transcendent Rank, but it still possessed the ability to cut the flesh of Great Nightmare Creatures, albeit with some effort. It was just that Sunny had to create an opportunity to use that ability first.

He also had the Mantle and the Shroud of Dusk, and while neither of them was durable enough to resist an attack by a creature like the Azure Serpent, that problem could be solved by not getting hit.

Both the lack of a suitable weapon and the absence of suitable armor could be solved. A powerful tool, meanwhile, would give Sunny more ways to find the solution. So, he was not disappointed. Feeling both the gentle swaying of the ketch and the silent stillness of his Soul Sea, Sunny continued to study the runes. He hoped that the description of the Crown of Twilight would answer some of his questions.

It read:

Memory Description: [There was a king who ruled over a dying land. The king was valiant and wise. Refusing to embrace despair, he thought of an audacious plan, gathered his companions, and braved the endless desert to enter the Tomb of Ariel, where the Great River flowed endlessly from the future into the past. Thus, the valiant king became a guide who guarded his people in their nightmares. They built a city at the edge of dawn and gathered an army to vanquish that which was defiled. However, in the end, the army was destroyed, the city was lost, and the valiant king himself succumbed to madness. Consumed by wrath and resentment, he turned into a mindless beast and roamed the Great River for countless years. Nothing could withstand his hunger and fury… until, one day, the mad king met a treacherous shadow.

"But what do you even know?" said the shadow. "Do you think you're so special? I know fury, too. I know hunger, too. I know madness, too! Oh… and I've killed plenty of creatures more powerful than me, too. Who are you to dare stare me down, beast?"

"I am Lost from Light, who was born from the shadows. I am the rightful heir of death and the bastard son of fate. Wherever I go, ruin follows. If you had any sense, you would have run away as soon as you saw me."

And, true to his word, treacherous Lost from Light battled the mad king, eventually becoming his doom.

That was how the king who had outlived his land died.]

Sunny blinked a couple of times. 'What…'

It seemed that the Spell… had really liked his recent outburst. It even included it, word for word, in the description of the Crown of Twilight!

'Oh, no…'

He looked down and covered his face with a hand.

'Ah… so embarrassing!'

Had Nephis read this already?

Struggling against the desire to fall through the deck of the ketch and drown, Sunny took a deep breath and concentrated on the description. There was still a lot of information contained in the glimmering runes that he needed to ponder. 'So, Daeron came from outside the pyramid. He even fought his way through the Nightmare Desert, as opposed to entering a Seed.'

There was no doubt about it, since those who had conquered a Nightmare of a particular Rank could not enter any Seed of the same Rank again. So a Sovereign wouldn't be able to challenge a Third Nightmare.

Well… actually, there was some doubt. Nothing about the Tomb of Ariel, and this particular Nightmare, was normal. Still, Sunny believed that he was right. Daeron must have reached the Black Pyramid and entered the true Great River, as opposed to a version of it recreated by the Spell. That next part, however, did not make any sense. He had become a guide who guarded his people in their nightmares? What did it mean? Sunny remained motionless for a while, then frowned. The most obvious answer… was also the most confusing. The Spell created Nightmares based on the past. The Great River, however, existed simultaneously in the past, in the present, and in the future. So, if Daeron had truly entered the real Tomb of Ariel… then he would be present in any recreation of the Great River conjured by the Spell. Therefore, if his subjects challenged a Seed connected to the Black Pyramid, their Sovereign would be waiting for them on the other side, to help them conquer it. 'If I am right… then it was indeed an audacious plan.'

There was just one glaring problem with this theory. It was that the Seeds of Nightmares, and the Nightmares themselves, had not existed in the ancient past of the Dream Realm. No explorer had ever discovered signs that its human inhabitants had possessed knowledge of the Nightmares, and Noctis had not known anything about them either. So how could Daeron come up with a plan to use the uniqueness of the Great River to help his people Transcend through a Nightmare, if there were no Nightmares at that time yet? Then again… Ananke was from a time when the seed of the Spell had already existed. Granted, that time was at the start of the war between the daemons and the gods, so Daeron could not have lived much later — that war was the cataclysm that no one had escaped.

'Argh, so confusing…'

In any case, Daeron's plan had failed. Although many of his people managed to join him within the Tomb of Ariel, they died trying to destroy "that which was defiled"... whatever it was. 'Actually, that phrase is perhaps the most important piece of information in the entire description.'

It was important, indeed… because it hinted at the goal of the Nightmare. Which also meant that Sunny, Nephis, and the other members of the cohort would have to succeed where the ancient Sovereign and his army had failed. 'Great.'

Sunny felt a bit of dread at the prospect… but, at the same time, he also felt a little relieved. At least he knew now they wouldn't really need to search for the mystical estuary of the Great River in order to return to the waking world.

The just had to kill something that even a Sovereign had not been able to kill.

He was going to have to discuss this with Nephis. In the meantime, though…

He still hadn't learned what his new, shiny Supreme Memory could do. Looking back to the shimmering runes, he read:

Memory Enchantments: [Legacy of Twilight], [King's Resentment], [Royal Promise]...

**********


                                Chapter 1290 Royal Promise
--------------------
Sunny raised an eyebrow, pleasantly surprised. Three enchantments on a Memory of the First Tier… that was rare. As an amateur sorcerer, he knew just how hard it was to build a varied spellweave around a single nexus. Intrigued, he continued to study the runes.

[Legacy of Twilight] Enchantment Description: "This Memory greatly improves the rate at which the wearer's essence is replenished at the borders between day and night."

[King's Resentment] Enchantment Description: "This Memory grants the wearer complete immunity to mind attacks, but plagues them with irresistible wrath instead."

[Royal Promise] Enchantment Description: "This Memory infuses authority over water into the wearer's Domain. The extent of this authority depends on the might of the Domain."

Sunny scratched the back of his head. 'Huh…'

The first enchantment was rather straightforward, and extremely useful — granted, that usefulness was situational. It would greatly speed up his recovery of essence at the borders between day and night, meaning dawn and dusk.

The second enchantment… was tricky. Complete immunity to mind attacks was an incredible trait to have, but it came at the cost of being consumed by mad fury. Sunny wasn't sure what to make of it. Luckily, it was an active enchantment, so he could use the other two without going berserk. But the third enchantment was simply confounding.

'Infuses authority over water into a Domain? What?'

What were people like him, who didn't even have a Domain, supposed to do with it?!

Sunny took a deep breath, then left the Soul Sea and opened his eyes. The Great River was still shining softly, the flowing water foaming as it parted before the bow of the ketch. Suddenly, he felt the water… responding to him. The sense of connection he felt was faint and weak, not at all like the kinship he shared with shadows, but still, a wave He hesitated for a few moments, then summoned the Crown of Dusk. Soon, a band of black metal shaped and engraved to resemble a river serpent appeared on his head. The weight of it felt unfamiliar, but at least it prevented his hair from getting in his eyes. That was already useful enough.

'It looks cool, too…'

Sunny lingered a little, then lowered his hand toward the surface of the river and activated the [Royal Promise].

Suddenly, he felt the water… responding to him. The sense of connection he felt was faint and weak, not at all like the kinship he shared with shadows, but still, a wave suddenly rose, touching his palm for a brief moment before collapsing back into the current. Sunny stared down with a strange expression. 'So that's how it is.'

The extent of the authority the [Royal Promise] granted to the master of the Crown of Twilight was dependent on the power of their Domain. Sunny did not have a Domain, so that extent was negligible — but it wasn't non-existent. Leaning back, he smiled slightly.

'Still. In a world that has nothing but water, even that much will prove endlessly useful…'

The ketch continued its journey, while Sunny continued to stare at the beautiful radiance of the Great River. The Crown of Twilight… it was an insidiously powerful Memory. At first glance, none of its enchantments seemed too staggering. However, once he thought a bit more about them, he realized how outstanding they really were. The [Legacy of Twilight] could help him recover his essence. The effect of a Supreme Memory would be immense, but there was a condition — it only functioned at dawn and dusk. As a veteran of the Southern Campaign, Sunny knew better than most how important managing one's reserves of essence was.

There was dawn and dusk every day, too. So, he would benefit greatly from improved rate of essence replenishment twice a day, every day. Combined with the [Blessing of Soul] of the Shroud of Dusk, that would put him in a very advantageous position… not to mention that here on the Great River, there were places where sunrise and sunset lasted endlessly, as if frozen in time. The [King's Resentment] offered stellar defense against mind attacks — the most dreadful kind, as far as he was concerned — but would turn Sunny berserk. The benefit seemed as great as the cost was terrible… or did it? He could easily think of situations where boundless fury would only be beneficial. Wasn't it almost like a dangerous, but potent boon?

And lastly, the [Royal Promise] would give him a degree of control over water in a world where there was nothing but water. The value of such an ability was evident, but more than that, this enchantment also possessed the greatest capacity for growth. Sunny did not doubt that the Sovereigns — the actual Sovereigns of the waking world — would stop at nothing to possess a Memory that could grant a second authority to their Domains. Hell… since the independence of the House of Night was founded, to a large extent, on the fact that it was close to impossible to conquer the Stormsea, the Crown of Twilight could very well completely upset the balance of power between the Great Clans. The [Royal Promise] would allow any Sovereign to add Night's territory to their own.

And yet, here he was — a mere Master — in possession of it. Sunny smiled. 'Who knows… maybe I'll be the one who conquers the House of Night.'

However, his smile quickly disappeared. Right now, even his chances of surviving the Third Nightmare seemed incredibly bleak. In case he did manage to return home, nothing would ever compel him to attempt the Fourth. Nothing.

'Yeah… thanks, but no thanks.'

Somewhat sober now, Sunny sighed and dismissed the Crown of Twilight. There was something else he had to think about. The battle with the Azure Serpent had been like a feverish dream. He had turned into a mad beast to fight the great abomination… but he had also managed to remain himself. More than that, it was the first time he had succeeded in using Shadow Shell to assume the shape of a Nightmare Creature.

The shadowspawn was different, because he had lived in that body for many months. The form of the onyx serpent, however, had been constructed purely by observing the Great Beast and sensing his essence through Shadow Dance. As a result, Sunny felt that the mastery of the fourth step of his Aspect Legacy was already within his grasp.

All he had to do was contemplate the revelations gained during the battle, absorb the knowledge, and integrate it into the systematic framework of Shadow Dance he had already established. The evolution was already in sight… he could practically smell it. Still, there was a bit of work left to do before he could reap the rewards. Closing his eyes, Sunny tried to remember the perilous, ferocious battle with the Azure Serpent in all its harrowing details. It was better to do it now, while the memories were still fresh, and the remnants of the serpentine form still lingered in his mind.

Time flowed slowly.

**********

