Shadow Slave - PART 193
Chapters 1921 to 1930
==============================


                                Chapter 1921 Stuff of Legends
--------------------
There, in front of them, the jungle parted and revealed a vast expanse of white bone. It was almost completely flooded, but the water was so shallow that it would barely reach a human's shins. Most stunningly of all, the flooded clearing was completely devoid of the scarlet infestation — there were no trees, no Vines, no grass, no moss...

It was as if the ancient jungle was afraid of getting any closer to the dark hill that towered in the heart of the empty expanse and reeled back in fear.

The hill itself was tall and strangely shaped, its slopes dark and barren. From time to time, strange ripples spread from it across the shallow water, reaching all the way to the edge of the jungle. As if something enormous was breathing somewhere out there, behind the hill, the measured weight of its breaths reverberating in the ancient bones.

Rain and her cohort were not far away from the fallen tree on which Lady Seishan stood, so she caught a good look at her.

At that moment, the regal Saintess turned around, looking down at her sister from the considerable height of the ancient trunk.

Standing above the battered masses of the Seventh Legion, she was like a sinister deity. Her otherworldly beauty was both breathtaking and chilling — Princess Seishan looked subtly inhuman because of her silken grey skin, and the lower half of her exquisite face was smeared by crimson blood, as if she had been tearing the Great Nightmare Creatures apart with her teeth.

She looked like a malevolent spirit summoned into the world by a great blood sacrifice.

...Despite that, Rain found herself calming down at the sight of the graceful princess. Her heart was overcome by a soothing sense of tranquillity, and she felt her fears dissipating.

The feeling of peace and safety was like a breath of fresh air in the sweltering heat of this dark, dreadful hell.

However, Rain felt strangely disturbed.

Because, to her... it did not feel like the healing kind of tranquil calmness. Instead, it was like the kind of false relaxation that deadly predators instilled in their Drev before sinking their fangs into the victim's flesh.

'Still, this predator is on our side. That's good... right?‘

Lady Seishan, meanwhile, spoke to her sister in a pleasant, velvety voice:

"What do you sense, Hel?"

Death Singer, who was leaning on the fallen tree with her head down, flinched and looked up. Her hood slipped, revealing her luscious hair and lovely face.

At the moment, however, that face was contorted by a terrible grimace. Her beautiful eyes were wide, full of fear.

"D—death... death is coming! Our blood will flow like a river, our flesh will fester and rot, our eyes will be eaten by hungry ravens, our viscera will become a feast for maggots! There will be no hope, no escape, no relief, no salvation... death is coming! It's here!"

Hearing that terrible prophecy, Rain shuddered. Even Tamar seemed to pale, gripping the hilt of her zweihander tighter.

Lady Seishan, however, seemed unperturbed. She smiled and nodded patiently. "Yes, yes. You've been saying that since we were in the orphanage. I'm sure we will die one day, you and I... but what about now? What do you sense now?"

Death Singer stared at her sister for a few moments, her face a mask of terror. Then, she suddenly sighed and shook her head.

"Oh, that. Well..."

The petite princess frowned and scratched the back of her head clumsily. After a while, she said in a nonchalant tone:

"It's a Great Demon, I guess."

Death Singer might have been nonchalant, but every soldier that heard her shuddered.

Rain did, as well.

'Crazy... this is crazy!‘

What the hell was she doing here, in a Death Zone, hearing about Great Demons? Great Nightmare Creatures were something that humans theoretically knew existed, but were never supposed to encounter. They were the stuff of legends — the kind of legends that were too terrifying to retell in the darkness. Great abominations were synonymous with death from before Rain was born...

The regions of the Dream Realm where they dwelled were called Death Zones for a reason!

But now, the rules and laws that had seemed inviolable were swiftly changing. Supreme humans were out there in the world, and people like Rain suddenly found themselves brushing sides with Great Nightmare Creatures.

She had already seen several dead ones in the jungle, and had caught glimpses of several more rampaging in the horde of the weaker abominations.

But at least those terrible beings were mere Beasts and Monsters.

A Demon... a Demon was a different kind of being.

Because demons were intelligent, and possessed their own malignant wills. 'D—damnation...‘

Out of everyone, only Lady Seishan remained calm.

She turned her bloodied face to gaze at the distant hill once more, remained silent for a few moments, and then nodded.

"So it is. Well, then... warriors of the Song Army, hear my order!"

Her crimson dress moved in the wind as she spoke in a melodious voice: "Fortify this position and hold fast. Hel, Siord, Ceres — with me! We will claim this Citadel... in the name of the Queen!"

Death Singer signed again, straightened her dark robe, and jumped onto the fallen tree. At the same time, Lady Seishan jumped down — the trunk was several meters tall even laying on its side, so Rain did not see her land into the shallow water, only heard the splash.

A moment later, two Saints joined the daughters of Ki Song on the edge of the clearing — one of them was the beautiful harpy Rain had seen before, the other was the three—headed canine.

From what she knew, both were scions of the lesser Legacy Clans, like Tamar, and had attained Sainthood together with Lady Seishan as members of her cohort.

Soon, the four Saints disappeared in the direction of the distant hill.

And a few moments later...

The bill suddenly moved, slowly stirring and unfurling its immense limbs.

Rain stared at it in horror for a moment, then forced herself to look away and lowered her gaze.

As it turned out... the Great Demon had not been hiding behind the bill. It was the hill — a gargantuan beast that had been slumbering in the middle of the vast clearing, and was now waking up at the smell of Transcendent souls.

Rain took a shaky breath and thought about the four brave Saints.

'...May Beast God help them from beyond the grave.‘

Clan Song seemed to have a close bond with beasts and hunting, so she thought this prayer would be suitable.

Rain considered praying for herself, too.

She was quite sure that if Lady Seishan failed to conquer the Citadel and perished, the rest of the expedition force would perish as well.

'Oh well...‘

At least she had her personal dark deity to pray to.

**********


                                Chapter 1922 Not a Last Stand
--------------------
Now that the dreadful march was over, the battered expedition force found itself in a somewhat better position.

The flooded clearing was effectively defending them from one side, which meant that they would not be surrounded, at least. With that, the army could assemble into a stable battle formation.

It was truly a miracle of perseverance and discipline that they had managed to maintain a semblance of order and keep themselves from being decimated by the enemy while fighting their way through the nightmarish jungle — but armies were not meant to fight battles while moving.

Finally reaching their destination, the Song Army came to a halt and spread along the edges of the flooded plain, building a proper battle line. It had two layers, so that forward units could rotate back and give way to fresh troops — then switch again after a period of rest. A field hospital was being hastily arranged behind the two layers, as well.

By then, the stalwart Saints already cut down the terrifying predators who had lunged at the expedition force from the flanks during the march. Those were the true rulers of the Hollows, old abominations of the Great Rank — luckily, there were far fewer of them than the Saints, so the champions of the human army were able to team up and bring each of the monsters down in groups of three or four.

Many were wounded, but none had perished yet... the situation might have been different if not for Lady Seishan and Princess Hel, though, who had culled the rulers of the scarlet jungle on their way to the Citadel. Now, the Saints were free to assume positions in front of the battle line, serving as its pillars and anchors. In any case, the situation of the Song Army, while still resembling a hellish nightmare, was much better than before.

However, it was also much more perilous than before, because their fates now depended on the success of Lady Seishan and her party. If the Great Demon guarding the Citadel triumphed, then every advantage gained by the expedition force would turn to ash. The Demon would attack the battle formation from the rear, and they would be devoured from two sides.

Of course...

First, the army had to survive long enough to learn who prevailed in the battle for the Citadel.

'It's going to be fine. Yeah... definitely...‘

Rain stared at the approaching tide of Nightmare Creature with apprehension, trying to convince herself that the current preparations of the Song Army did not resemble getting ready for a heroic last stand.

Lost in a godforsaken hell, suffocated by sweltering heat, their back pressed against the territory of a Great Demon, and facing an endless flood of Nightmare Creatures — that definitely sounded like prime material for an inspiring and tear-inducing ballad that would be sung through the ages. But Rain didn't want to be sung about... he would much rather survive.

Heroes were very admirable, but they were also very dead. She had no aspirations of becoming a hero.

'Damn it.‘

"Archers! "

The Seventh Legion was currently on the frontline, preparing to clash with the vanguard of the nightmare horde. The Blood Sisters — there were around a dozen of them — were very noticeable among the centurions with their red garments and striking beauty. Seeing them gave the soldiers some confidence, and it was these women who commanded the legion in the absence of Lady Seishan.

So, the voice that called upon the ranged specialists to unleash their fury on the approaching horde was rather melodious, making the grim scene feel less horrid.

Rain drew her bow, took aim, and let an arrow loose. With how numerous the Nightmare Creatures were, one would think that she did not have to aim too well in order to hit something... but sadly, that was not the case. Because her arrows were not powerful enough to pierce the hides of the abominations, she had to strike them precisely in a weak spot.

Which was why the horde was not slowed down at all by the devastating barrage of arrows, various projectiles, and Aspect Abilities unleashed by the human army. It was like mundane archers showering heavily armored cavalry with arrows — a few abominations stumbled and fell, but most remained unscathed. Worst still, the Nightmare Creatures were not at all deterred by these losses.

Soon after, they crashed into the battle formation.

Rain continued to shoot, trying to remain stable on the quaking ground. In front of her, the tide of monsters broke against the Saints, flowed past them, and reached the front line of the Seventh Legion. Tamar and Ray were in front of her, surrounded by the Awakened warriors of their centuria — which was in a worse situation than most because it lacked an Ascended, but luckily positioned well. Some distance from them, the Saint who Transcendent form was that of a giant reptile towered above the flood of Nightmare Creatures. It lowered its neck and snapped its jaws, eviscerating several of them at the same time, then swiped its long tail sideways, crushing even more.

An especially large beast jumped on its back, but the tyrannical reptile simply snapped its jaws once more, grabbing it and throwing the bleeding corpse flying hundreds meters back with a jerk of its head.

Then, it let out a chilling roar and plunged further into the horde of abominations.

'...The bow is useless.‘

Now that the Nightmare Creatures had closed in, it was harder for her to hit anything with an arrow. The situation might have been different if they were in an open field, but the jungle blocked her line of sight, while the thick canopy prevented her from shooting over the heads of her comrades.

Cursing, Rain dismissed the Beast of Prey and let her snake tattoo turn into a black tachi once again. Gritting her teeth, she left Fleur and advanced forward. Hack, slash, pierce... block, dodge, evade.

The damned Nightmare Creatures were too strong!

She could barely cut their hide, and it took dozens of strikes to bring a single one down. Rain herself, however, would be either dead or crippled from receiving just one blow, which made the whole situation incredibly frightening, to the point that she felt sick to her stomach.

The humid air was permeated by the terrible stench of blood, and everywhere she looked, she saw nothing but terrible maws, sharp fangs, and frenzied eyes. All around her, Awakened were uniting in small groups, each fighting against a single Nightmare Creature. Rain herself was fighting with Tamar and Ray, the three of them sharing an unspoken understanding on how to deal with the dreadful enemies.

Their cohort might not have been together for long, but Tamar was a competent leader, while Rain was very experienced despite having only just Awakened. So, from the point of View of others, she was simply extremely competent in everything she did. She was a fierce fighter herself, a good partner for others in a battle, and also a bit of a mentor to her three slightly younger companions in many practical matters.

Not to mention her unbelievable ability to survive in the wilderness and make herself and her cohort comfortable in any environment.

The entire centuria rallied around their small cohort, withstanding the flood of Nightmare Creatures with desperate resolve.

Hideous corpses of the abominations fell to the ground.

Human corpses fell, too.

Rivers of blood flowed down, seeping into the shallow water of the flooded clearing and painting it red.

Far away, the gargantuan figure of the Great Demon was moving, its footsteps making the red water surge in foaming waves.

**********


                                Chapter 1923 Dwindling Hope
--------------------
"Just... die, damn you!"

Rain staggered back, supporting the blade of her tachi with a hand to block a descending stinger — its speed was so great that she had barely managed to react in time, and its force was so terrible that she was thrown back a dozen meters.

Her arms felt numb.

When fighting Nightmare Creatures of a superior Rank, blocking was really not a good idea. But the damned thing was so fast that there was simply no time for her to move out of the way.

Luckily, she had done her job.

A split second after Rain was tossed back, 'l‘amar's zweihander plummeted on the tail of the abomination, striking precisely at the spot where its armor had already been broken. The severed stinger fell to the ground in a flood of fetid blood, and the monstrous creature turned threateningly toward the young centurion, its claws flying forward at lightning speed.

Tamar had no time to disengage and dash to the side — she simply stepped on air and leaped over the claws, then did so again. This time, the invisible platform seemed to be situated perpendicular to the ground, so he threw her body sideways instead of up, twisting and landing in a slide.

The Nightmare Creature was already lunging at her, but at that moment, Ray — whom it had not noticed, blinded by pain — jumped onto its carapace and drove his sword through its eye.

The abomination convulsed and fell, moving weekly. It was still alive, but completely dazed — the three Awakened rushed forward and unleashed a barrage of attacks, eventually finishing it off.

All three were breathing heavily, barely enduring their exhaustion — and that was despite the occasional infusion of stamina from Fleur.

The rest of the soldiers were faring even worse.

Rain shivered, noticing that another Nightmare Creature was already barreling in their direction.

'Just how many...‘

The ground was already littered with so many corpses that it was hard to see the scarlet moss beneath. They couldn't go on much longer.

Luckily, at that moment, the familiar, reassuring voice of the Blood Sister reached them like the most beautiful melody in the world:

"Seventh Legion! Retreat!"

'l‘heir turn on the frontline was over... this turn, at least.

The legion retreated in an orderly manner, and at the same time, another brigade advanced between their ranks.

Soon, their backs hid the battlefield from Rain's view, and she let out a relieved sigh.

Moving back almost all the way to the edge of the water, the Seventh Legion came to a halt. 'l'he soldiers fell to the ground where they stood, shell—shocked, exhausted, and covered in blood. Some dismissed their armor despite the dire danger — the heat was just too unbearable, and they were all drowning in sweat.

Everyone was dehydrated, so the first thing many did was greedily drink water from their canteens.

Rain was no exception.

"Ah..."

After drinking her share, she finally felt alive again.

While Fleur was tending to their wounds — all minor, fortunately -— and infusing them with refreshing vitality, the three members of the cohort who had actively participated in the melee remained silent. Honestly, they were too stunned by the magnitude and ferocity of the violence, too dazed, and too tired to talk.

Even Tamar, who had been programmed to always maintain composure by her clan, seemed subdued and shaken.

None of them had died yet, at least. The same could not be said about most other cohorts. The number of slain Nightmare Creatures was incalculable, but the casualties suffered by the Song Army were also heavy.

'...It is not a last stand.‘

Rain knew that it wasn't, but it seemed like one more and more with each passing minute.

The Seventh Legion had fought well during their first rotation, and during the second, too. However... during the third, the tired soldiers started to make more and more mistakes. As a result, more and more of them died.

They had just finished the fifth rotation, and the situation was starting to look bleak — not just for them, but for the entire army.

The warriors of Song were desperate, exhausted, and slowly succumbing to fear. Their morale had especially plummeted when one of the Saints — the one whose Transformation resembled a horned lion with a venomous viper for the tail — finally fell, debilitated by countless wounds, and was immediately swallowed by the tide of Nightmare Creatures. Like that, the Song Army lost its first Transcendent champion.

Watching a Saint die was a shock to everyone... not only because they were watching the death of a living legend, but also because it forced the soldiers to ask themselves a simple question.

If even demigods were dying, then what hope did mere mortals like them have? Rain threw a glance at her shadow, drawing strength from it, then turned to the flooded clearing and stared into the distance with a detached expression.

The battle had been unbearably hard on the army, lasting an eternity... she couldn't imagine how Lady Seishan and her team could still be alive while fighting a Great Demon, but they were, continuing the devastating battle.

Even though it was taking place too far to discern the silhouettes of the daughters of Ki Song, everyone in the second layer of the battle formation could turn around and look at the flooded plain to see the massive shape of the Demon moving across the water, making it surge and boil.

At some point — Rain did not know when — the water, which had been clear and transparent before, had turned entirely red, like a lake of blood. Some of it was because of the blood flowing from the shore where the Song Army was fighting, but most of it... she had no idea where it had come from.

Something flashed in the distance, and a few moments later, the echo of a terrifying roar reached them from afar. The ground quaked, and the lake of blood surged, a tall wave crashing into the low shore.

The Queen's daughters were still fighting the Great Demon.

**********


                                Chapter 1924 Pit of Despair
--------------------
In the middle of the flooded clearing, Song Seishan was standing in the crimson water, looking at the gargantuan creature in front of her with a twisted smile. Her eyes were shining with an eerie red glow in the dim darkness of the Hollows, and her long braid was fluttering in the wind that had risen from the Demon's last attack.

The Great One was like a mountain, its mighty body covered by bristling black fur. Its body was not quite bestial, but also not quite human... the creature was like an abominable ape, its fangs protruding like cliffs, its eyes burning with diabolical cunning and murderous fury. It was wielding a great club made out of bone, and each time it struck the ground, the entire world quaked.

Siord, the beautiful harpy, was playing a deadly game of cat and mouse with the demonic ape by flying around its head, barely dodging its obliterating attacks. Ceres, the enormous three-headed canine, was in an even more precarious position, dancing between the abomination's feet and trying to tear pieces of flesh out of its shins.

Neither had managed to deliver even a single wound to the Great Demon, yet. However, the Demon was bleeding.

Opening its maw, the terrifying creature let out a deafening roar and shuddered, forgetting about the annoying fly and the three—headed pest for a moment. Then, it vomited a terrifying waterfall of blood.

Blood was flowing from its mouth, from its nose... even from the corners of its eyes, spilling into the shallow water like a red river.

That was because Seishan was using her Awakened Ability. It had taken a while for her Ability to take effect, considering how powerful her enemy was... but she wasn't powerless, either.

If anything, the most difficult part was limiting the area of effect of her Ability to spare her allies from sharing the same fate as the Demon.

The intoxicating smell of blood was driving her mad, and at the same time making her many times stronger — standing in the middle of a lake of blood spilled by a Great abomination, Seishan was infused with a raging inferno of hungry, furious power. It was the scaling augmentation granted by her Ascended Ability.

It was partially because of that power that she had been able to move with stunning speed to evade the Demon's earth—shattering attacks and recover from the terrible wounds littering her body, staying alive despite how vast the gap between her and the guardian of the Citadel was.

The second reason was her Transformation Ability.

Seishan had possessed the ability to turn into a monster from the time she was a young Sleeper, lost in the darkness of the Forgotten Shore. Therefore, she had not gained the ability to Transform into something else when attaining Transcendence...

Instead, she had gained the ability to Transform others — those she transformed became stronger, and their strength could enhance her own power in turn.

And finally, the third reason was the blood of Beast God that flowed in her veins, bestowed upon her — whether she had wanted it or not — by her mother... the Raven Queen.

And then, there was her Flaw.

Seishan grinned and dashed forward, flying above the red water with stunning speed. The infuriated Demon swatted Siord away and kicked Ceres with devastating might, sending the giant canine flying like a tiny pup. Both Saints crashed into the shallow water, their bodies bleeding and broken.

After that, she was the sole target of the Great One's fury.

'Ah...‘

The enormous bone club crashed into the ground, displacing countless tons of water and making the world shake. Seishan never slowed down, pivoting and then leaping gracefully. Before the displaced water could even start raining down, she already landed on the surface of the club and rushed across its surface, ascending hundreds of meters above the clearing in a heartbeat.

Her polished nails turned into terrifying claws, and the red glow of her eyes turned furious and predatory, full of murderous intent.

Sadly...

She knew that she could not kill the Great Demon.

Maybe if she had time to observe and study the abomination, learning its strengths and weaknesses, gaining a thorough understanding of its powers, and getting insight into the way its perverse mind worked, she would stand a chance.

But she was forced to attack it blindly, without making any targeted preparations, so her chances were close to zero. Just the sheer size of the abominations was already an obstacle — not to mention every unholy trait and Attribute that thing possessed.

Siord and Ceres were severely wounded and would not be joining the fight again.

...But that was alright.

There was a reason why Seishan survived the longest out of anyone who had ever been sent to the Forgotten Shore. That reason was that she knew how to find a way out of the most desperate situation... and then drown her enemies in the pit of despair she had escaped.

Right now, for example, there was little chance of defeating the Great Demon. Therefore, there was no reason to try.

Instead, her goal was simply to draw its attention -— which she had already done — and stall it for a while.

After all, they had not come here to slay a Great Demon.

They had come here to conquer a Citadel.

And while Seishan was dancing with death by enduring the wrath of the dreadful abomination, her sister Hel was sneaking into the Citadel to claim its Gateway. The Great Demon raised its club, lifting Seishan ever higher above the surface of the water.

For a moment, she was level with its enormous head, and saw the waterfalls of blood flowing from its maw and nostrils.

She shivered, feeling her Flaw call upon her from somewhere deep, deep within. Seishan licked her alluring red lips.

'Ah. I want to taste it…’

****

"Advance!"

The battered Seventh Legion rushed forward once again. The retreating soldiers stumbled between them, bleeding and barely staying upright. Their pale faces and sunken eyes were full of numb terror.

Reaching the frontline, Rain saw a carpet of corpses covering the ground everywhere she looked. Most belonged to hideous Nightmare Creatures, but many were those of humans — some sickeningly mangled, some strangely intact.

There were so many dead that the ancient jungle seemed unable to swallow them all, its profane hunger satiated for the first time in eons.

'Curse it all…’

The Song Army was still holding fast, but its breaking point was drawing close. Once they reached it and the battle line collapsed, an even more harrowing slaughter would take place, and all of them would be devoured by the rampaging of Nightmare Creatures.

"Stay alive! Forward, together! For the Queen!"

Tamar's shout brought her back to her senses.

Gripping the hilt of her black tachi, Rain gritted her teeth and braced herself.

A moment later, the Nightmare Creatures were upon them.

'Hopeless. It is hopeless…’

No matter how much they fought, no matter how much they killed, no matter how much they died... the flood of abominations would not end.

And these Nightmare Creatures were the lesser evil, at that. Even if the expedition force somehow managed to eradicate them all, the true horrors of the Hollows would soon arrive, attracted by the overwhelming smell of blood.

Rain felt a chilling shiver run down her spine when she realized that she could, indeed, die here today.

Her sweat turned cold, and she drew in a shaky breath.

And then...

Something imperceptible changed about the world.

It was as if the sweltering heat of Godgrave receded a little, and a cool breeze gently caressed her skin.

Rain was not just imagining it, either. She could see her fellow soldiers react to the strange change, too.

Even the Nightmare Creatures were affected. Their ceaseless onslaught turned slower, for a moment, and then lulled.

'What...‘

Confused and struggling to believe what she was seeing, Rain stared at the abominations. The abominations had actually stopped, and were now sniffing the air, growling, and... and...

It almost seemed as though some of them were cowering in fear.

...Far behind her, in the middle of the flooded clearing, the gargantuan Great Demon noiselessly fell down.

And, at the same time...

Rain froze in terror.

The countless corpses littering the vast swath of the jungle all moved at the same time.

The dead Nightmare Creatures, the fallen humans... they all stirred, moved, and then slowly rose from the ground.

Far behind her, the slain Great Demon was rising from the bloody water, as well, its dead eyes staring forward with no emotion.

Rain took a step back, her face turning even paler than usual.

'The... the Queen...‘

A moment later, the legion of the dead came alive, tearing into the nightmare horde.

Soon after that, the battle was over.

The Queen of Worms had finally arrived to Godgrave.

**********


                                Chapter 1925 Missing Oracle
--------------------
Far away, Sunny — his original body, donning the guise of the charming Master Sunless — was sitting on the edge of the Ivory Island with a resigned smile on his face, suffering in silence.

'D—amn... nation. Its torture.'

His nose was itching.

It had been itching for what felt like an eternity already, but sadly, he could not scratch it. He could not move at all, really, because the Cloudveil was torn above the warcamp of the Song Army, drowning the world in a blinding white light.

The camp stretched below him, resembling a city — there was no movement on the orderly avenues, and the countless people populating it had all turned into motionless statues. Their silhouettes were like black shadows painted on the blurry white backdrop, melting in the stark radiance.

Mercifully, that was simply because his eyes were tearing up, not because they were turning to ash.

Now that Saint Tyris had left to accompany the expedition force on its quest to conquer the Citadel, the main camp of the Sword Army had lost her protection. That was why everyone had been forced to learn how to survive the annihilating gaze of the incandescent abyss —now, several weeks later, people rarely died when the clouds parted.

Of course, there were measures in place to alert them of the imminent danger in advance.

Sunny was not entirely sure how that was achieved, but there were countless talents in the Sword Domain, both mundane and Awakened. He did not doubt that someone would have come up with a method to predict the movement of clouds — granted, the warnings rarely came more than a minute before the cloudbreak, so the method clearly still required some improvement.

This time, the clouds parted while Sunny was searching for Cassie, leaving him no choice but to sit down and patiently wait for the danger to pass. It had been close to an hour since then, and the grey veil was finally starting to show signs of repairing itself.

Ten minutes later, the blinding radiance finally subsided, and Sunny furiously scratched his nose.

"Ah... damn it..."

He wondered if anyone in Godgrave had died from sneezing yet, then rose to his feet and looked around.

Sunny had already checked everywhere on the Ivory Island, including the underground level of the Ivory Tower and Cassie's personal quarters. He had checked every cabin of the Chain Breaker, as well, and asked around among the Fire Keepers.

No one had seen the blind seer, which could only mean one thing — that she was performing her duties as the Seneschal of the Great Clan Valor somewhere in the camp.

Unless something out of the ordinary had happened...

Frowning, he walked over to one of the seven chains anchoring the Ivory Island to the ground and descended by walking across it. Sunny was reluctant to unleash his shadow sense here, so his best choice was to go check personally.

Fortunately, Valor Keep — the stone stronghold that served as the headquarters of the Sword Army and the residence of the King — was not far. He reached it in a matter of minutes and hesitated at the entrance, feeling uncomfortable under the dubious gazes of the guards.

The thing was... Sunny had only ever entered the Keep while accompanying either Nephis or Cassie. He had never been here alone, and wasn't sure if he was even allowed inside.

Clearing his throat, he hesitated for a moment, cringed inwardly, and addressed the guards in a commanding tone:

"I am Sir Sunless, Knight Commander of the Ardent Wardens. Move aside."

'Gods, I actually said it...'

The guards stared at him some more. Eventually, one of them sneered.

"Oh, yes. We know precisely who you are... Sir Sunless."

The derision in his voice was not even hidden, but the guards did move aside.

Sunny glowered at them for a moment, then walked into the gate.

Halfway across the threshold, however, he halted, backed a few steps, and looked at the rude guard for a moment.

Then, a pleasant smile appeared on his face.

"...Do you, perhaps, want to challenge me to a duel?"

The guard paled a little, shivered, and slowly shook his head.

"N—no... Knight Sunless, sir."

Sunny's smile brightened menacingly.

"Thought so."

With that, he entered the stronghold without looking back.

Nephis was gone from the camp, as well, so people were getting braver as far as showing him their contempt was concerned. Sunny did not really mind, but it was starting to get tiresome. Perhaps it was time to teach them another lesson in humility...

But not now.

Sighing, Sunny found the nearest person wearing the colors of Clan Valor and inquired if Song of the Fallen was nearby.

He had not really expected a positive answer, but to his surprise, the man simply nodded and gave him directions to a certain chamber in the depths of the keep.

The chamber was guarded by several Knights, which gave him pause. Although nothing showed on his face, Sunny felt his whole body tense up for a moment, and his heart started to race.

Were these Ascended guards sent to protect Cassie as a sign of how highly she was valued by Clan Valor... or were they here to make sure that she couldn't escape? Was there a sorcerous cage inside the chamber that cut off her powers, similar to the one in which the two of them had spent an unforgettable time in the Night Temple?

This was the burden of being a double agent for a regicidal insurgency... Sunny never knew if he was one heartbeat away from having his treasonous ways revealed.

He lingered for a moment, then asked with decorum:

"Is Saint Cassia inside?"

One of the Knights looked down at him sternly... then nodded and turned around to knock on the door politely.

"You have a visitor, my lady."

Hearing Cassie's response, he opened the door and let Sunny inside.

The chamber was sparsely furnished, but quite comfortable. There was a soft sofa, several armchairs, a wooden table with succulent fruit and refreshments, and even a Memory keeping the air cool, not to mention a few bottles of beverages from the waking world. Vermilion curtains moved slightly in the wind, and sunlight was pouring through a narrow window.

Cassie was half-sitting, half-laying on the sofa, her beautiful face showing signs of extreme fatigue. One of the hands was lowered powerlessly, while the other was holding a silver goblet.

Sunny was worried for a moment, then determined that there were no wounds on her body and let out a sigh of relief.

The blind seer, meanwhile, turned her head in his direction.

"...Who is it?"

He frowned.

Shouldn't she know already?

Then again... their mental link seemed to be inactive, which meant that Cassie's Ascended Ability was suppressed, for some reason. If the same was true for her Awakened Ability, which allowed her to sense what would happen a few seconds in the future, then she would be truly and utterly blind.

Sunny's frown deepened.

"It's me, Saint Cassia. Master Sunless."

He threw a glance at her Ascended guards and unceremoniously closed the door. That would not prevent them from eavesdropping on their conversation, but it was better than nothing.

A pale smile illuminated Cassie's face.

"Sunny... it's good that you're here. I was just thinking about asking someone to escort me back to the Ivory Island."

Sunny took a deep breath, considered his thoughts for a moment, and then asked bluntly:

"What happened to you?"

He thought that he already knew the answer. In hindsight, it was quite obvious.

Cassie sighed, then dropped her head on the soft armrest of the sofa.

Her voice was a little tired:

"...Essence exhaustion."

**********


                                Chapter 1926 Enhanced Interrogation
--------------------
A few moments later, Sunny led Cassie out of the stronghold. Since she was currently robbed of all her Abilities except for the Dormant one, she once again turned into the helpless girl he had once guided across the Forgotten Shore... which was both nostalgic and a little heartbreaking to see.

Sunny offered her his arm, and she took it tentatively. Their physical closeness earned him a few scornful looks from the passerby, who seemed ready to beat him up as if he was some kind of despicable philanderer... with a healthy dose of envy mixed into the anger, perhaps.

He was momentarily happy that Cassie could not see these reactions.

Ignoring the idiots, Sunny led her toward the Ivory Island.

'Essence exhaustion...'

Of course, it was the most obvious answer. He just failed to consider it seriously because Cassie, unlike Nephis and Sunny himself, had very rarely driven herself to that state before, if ever.

Which posed the question.

What exactly had made her burn so much essence?

The answer would have to wait until they were in a more private setting, though.

As they walked, Cassie asked quietly:

"Did something happen? I've been told that the King has left for the waking world. Considering how difficult it seems for him to do so... I assume that Changing Star and the Lord of Shadows had conquered the Citadel."

Sunny lingered with the answer.

Eventually, he said neutrally:

They did. However, there were complications: Cassie's grip tightened.

"What... what kind of complications?"

He grimaced.

It was not impossible for Master Sunless to know, but it was definitely a bit strange. Sadly, Cassie seemed to have been too agitated and left him no choice but to answer.

Sunny looked ahead somberly.

"There was... an ambush. Quite a devious one, so much so that it almost ended in disaster. Well, technically, it did. Several Saints of the Sword Army are dead."

He paused for a moment, and added:

"Changing Star and the Lord of Shadows are fine, though."

Cassie let out a shaky breath, then asked somberly:

"How?"

He sighed.

"Four daughters of the Queen, each a Transcendent of divine lineage. And four Reflections. They also..."

Sunny hesitated for a bit before finishing the sentence.

"They also knew too much, while we knew too little. There seems to be a powerful diviner among them, as well as a few talented spies hiding among us."

His tone was neutral, but it must have sounded like an accusation to Cassie. After all, she was the premier diviner of their small faction — no, of the entire Sword Army. This failure was, in no small part, the result of her personal failure to outperform the oracle of Clan Song... Death Singer, most likely.

It could be easily misjudged as an indictment of her inadequacy.

The delicate young woman grew quiet and did not speak again until they reached the Ivory Tower.

Sunny guided her to her personal quarters. As they were ascending the stairs, Cassie seemed to finally regain a little of her essence. She gently let go of his hand and walked the rest of the way on her own, tracing her fingers across the cold stone of the great pagoda's wall.

Hidden safely in her office and protected from any potential eavesdroppers by a few special Memories, they could finally talk. Luckily, Anvil himself was currently away, as well.

Cassie sat down in her chair and let out a heavy sigh.

"What exactly happened?"

Sunny leaned on the wall and crossed his arms, then said somberly:

"...They went after two Citadels at the same time. The army marched where we expected it to march, but a small team of powerful Saints went directly to our destination instead. They got there faster than us, as well... of course, we don't know if they lost anyone in the process, and how many. However, they killed the Great Terror defending the Citadel and claimed it. Needless to say, once we entered, we found ourselves inside Ki Song's Domain:'

With each word he spoke, Cassie's expression darkened. Sunny remained silent for a few moments, then continued:

"Worse than that, they were prepared to face me and Nephis in particular. Dark Dancer Revel and Moonveil managed to counter our Aspects almost perfectly. They might not have managed such a feat alone, but with Mordret's Reflections mirroring their powers, it worked. It... was a tough fight. I have not felt that pressured in a long, long while."

He slowly shook his head.

"We managed to drive them away in the end, but not without heavy losses. I even gained quite a valuable boon in the process. Still... it might have gone much better if you had not suffered essence exhaustion at the same time."

Finally, it was his turn to ask the questions.

"What did you do? How did you end up like that in the middle of the warcamp?"

Cassie did not answer immediately, troubled by what he had said.

After a while, she sighed and leaned back in the chair, touching her blindfold briefly.

"You mentioned that there are spies hidden among us."

Sunny nodded.

"I did."

Cassie's expression turned dark.

"I was... interrogating those spies. That was how I spent all my essence."

'Huh.'

He considered her words for a few moments.

"Since when have you become Valor's interrogator?"

A bitter smile twisted her lips. Cassie took a deep breath, then shrugged.

"Since Anvil decided to use me as one, I guess. The situation was... difficult. I don't know how Valor managed to sniff out and capture those spies, but they proved too seasoned and zealous to betray the secrets of their Queen. None of the Memories Valor usually uses to get the truth out of people worked, and their interrogators failed as well. Torturing these people would have been of no use, and so... I guess the King remembered that I can read people's memories. So, I was summoned."

Sunny scowled.

Cassie's Aspect did, indeed, make her a terrifying entity to those who wanted to keep secrets. However, violating the memories of captive people seemed like quite a vile affair, and one ill-suited for the beautiful Song of the Fallen.

The fact that Anvil had forced her to do something so dirty irked Sunny to no end. Not that he thought that Cassie was above doing such vile things... he was pretty sure that she would stop at nothing to achieve her goals, no matter how brutal or distasteful.

It was just that the King of Swords did not know that, so what right did he have to make such a demand of Cassie?

'That bastard. I'll kill him slowly one day.'

Or swiftly, from the shadows, and stabbing him in the back. Either worked.

Cassie, meanwhile, rubbed the bridge of her nose.

"Reading someone's deep memories against their will can be an... intense process, for me. Especially if their mental resilience is high. That was why I had to expend a lot of essence to get the answers Anvil wanted."

She lingered for a few moments, and then suddenly smiled darkly.

"...But that was not the reason why I exhausted it completely."

Sunny walked over and sat on the chair across from her.

"Oh?"

Cassie nodded.

"No. The real reason is that I used that chance to get the answers I myself wanted. Answers about Song and Valor, which might lead us to learn more about the Sovereigns... perhaps even their weakness."

Her smile faltered, then disappeared.

"And I did. Although... it is only a thread. We will need to keep pulling it to find the truth."

Sunny leaned forward a little.

"And what exactly is that thread?"

Cassie hesitated for a few moments, then raised a hand and pulled her blindfold off.

"It... will be easier if I simply show you."

He frowned, considering the implication of her words.

"You mean?"

She nodded.

"Yes. Before, I took a look at your Memories. Now, I will share mine with you, instead. If... if you'll accept them."

Sunny blinked a couple of times, suddenly reluctant to look in her beautiful eyes.

But then, he forced himself to gaze into them deeply.

His lips twisted into a dark smile.

"Sure. Why not?"

In the next moment, Cassie's eyes changed.

But Sunny once again failed to perceive the nature of that change, because he was suddenly pulled into a strange and stunningly vivid memory.

**********


                                Chapter 1927 Blind Seer.
--------------------
Sunny had an excellent memory, but Cassie was on an entirely different level. Her memory was simply… absolute. It was incredibly vivid, detailed, and all-encompassing, as if it was impossible for her to forget something even if she wished to.

He knew that it had not always been like this. Cassie's ability to remember everything with perfect clarity had slowly developed as she climbed the Path of Ascension, most likely reaching its current state as a result of Transcendence.

It was bitterly ironic, therefore, that her memory felt fragmented and shrouded in fog.

Being drawn into Cassie's recollection did not mean that Sunny could read her mind — the only thoughts he could sense and hear were those that she remembered thinking, after all. However, he could still feel how burdened she was by the shattered nature of her past.

Great swathes of her life were missing, and that fractured emptiness seeped into the very foundation of her self, making the whole world feel like treacherous quicksand.

Nevertheless, Cassie was undeterred, confidently walking forward despite being unable to look back.

Sunny, though, was far less poised. As soon as the unfamiliar recollection blossomed in his mind, a strong sense of vertigo overcame him, and he swayed. If he wasn't sitting on a chair, he would have probably lost balance entirely. Cassie's world… was far too overwhelming.

He suspected that she must have been dazed when reliving his own memories — after all, the way Sunny perceived the world was unique and extraordinary. Not only was his mind split between several incarnations, but he also possessed a sense that humans did not, navigating the world full of shadows.

So, Sunny was not a stranger to complex points of view.

But the way Cassie perceived the world was simply overwhelming in its staggering complexity.

To start with, all her senses were incredibly sharp — many times sharper than that of over Saints, which were already far, far superior to that of mundane humans.

…All senses except for her sight, of course. Cassie's world was a world of darkness, and being blind was a mild shock to Sunny in and of itself. He had experienced being blinded before, but never as a permanent and inseparable part of his existence.

And then, there was more…

Cassie's own point of view was already disorienting enough, but it was not the only one she was living. As she was walking down a stone corridor, she was also perceiving the world through several other people.

There was Nephis, leaving the expedition force of the Sword Army behind to descend into the Hollows. The sweltering heat of Godgrave was pouring from the radiant sky, and drops of sweat were rolling down her lean, powerful body. Then, a wave of harrowing agony washed over her, burning her alive, and two beautiful white wings spread open behind her.

There was Sunny himself and his world of shadows, as well — the impression of his original incarnation was sharp and clear, the other two less so.

There was Jet, standing on a crumbled wall and looking up at the shattered moon, mesmerized by its broken beauty. There were Effie and Kai… and many others, as well.

There was a man in the depths of the government headquarters, watching in numb terror at the wall full of monitors. There was an Ascended woman fighting for her life in the depths of the scarlet jungle, supported from both sides by her fellow Song soldiers. There was an old man standing over an incandescent crucible, pouring a torrent of essence into the molten steel…

The overwhelming avalanche of sensations flooded Sunny's mind, making all the other perspectives a blur. If not for his experience of casting shadow sense across vast areas, he would have suffered a seizure there and then. As it was, he was only dazed, struggling to find his way in this kaleidoscope of varied lives. But that was not all, either — the worst was yet to come.

That was because Cassie's own point of View was split between two points in time, as if she was experiencing the present and the near future simultaneously.

And that included the feedback she would receive from her marks in her future, doubling the terrifying flood of knowledge pouring into her mind.

That weight of it was so heavy as to almost be unbearable.

Her ability to sustain it was monstrous.

It took Sunny some time to learn how to not drown in the blind seer's view of the world. Even then, he was barely staying afloat, feeling like a drunk — he limited What he paid attention to and concentrated only on Cassie's own perspective while pushing everything else into the dark corner of his mind. Cassie was walking down a long stone corridor.

She was blind, and although someone's measured steps were resounding beside her — weighty and metallic, far apart, betraying the person as a tall man wearing armor — his point of view was not among those she shared. Therefore, Cassie was navigating the corridor with the help of her Awakened Ability, which was a disorienting and bizarre experience.

Feeling a shift in the draft blowing through the corridor and knowing that a turn was drawing near, she habitually lowered a hand on the hilt of the Quiet Dancer. Suddenly, Sunny was enlightened why Cassie often wore her Echo in a scabbard on her waist, where the habit of resting her hand on its hilt had come from, and why she was still using the temperamental rapier despite how relatively weak it was in comparison to the enemies they usually faced these days.

«…I see. Of course!»

Awakened shared a sort of connection with their Echoes, allowing them to give the sorcerous constructs mental commands. Quiet Dancer, however, turned out to be a bit of a unique Echo — of course it was, considering its unusual nature. When Cassie held its hilt, their connection deepened, and she was able to vaguely sense what the flying rapier was sensing.

Of course, Quiet Dancer did not perceive the world as a being of flesh and blood would. It had no sight, no hearing, no sense of smell, and no concept of what these notions were. However, it did perceive something — which made sense, really. After all, the Echo did navigate its surroundings with fine precision when flying at great speed and fighting enemies.

Sunny was not sure how, but it had a way of sensing shapes and, especially, motion. So, when Cassie held the Quiet Dancer, she could very vaguely discern shapes and movement, too.

As the man walking by her side turned the corner, she seamlessly followed, managing not to bump into anything and maintain her graceful bearing.

It was when the man said something that Sunny was pulled away from his fascination.

«…Therefore, Lady Cassia, you must succeed.»

Sunny froze at the sound of the cold, commanding voice. A voice that tolerated no disobedience.

He knew that voice.

And he knew by whose side Cassie was walking, as well.

She lowered her head in a bow and answered respectfully:

«I understand, Your Highness. It will be done.»

It was Anvil, the King of Swords.

Pushing a heavy door open, Anvil walked into a cold, damp room and waited for Cassie to follow.

Inside the room…

There was the smell of blood, and the sound of rattling chains as someone moved.

She could feel the prisoner's stare, but there were no words.

Only silence.

Cassie marked one of the guards stationed inside the cell and was finally able to see her surroundings.

In front of her… an old man who had once been dignified was chained to the wall, his clothes soaked with blood. His gaze was calm and heavy.

It took her a moment to recognize him as an elder from one of the Legacy Clans who had pledged their loyalty to Valor.

Nevertheless, the old man had turned out to be a spy of the Song Domain.

**********


                                Chapter 1928: Dawn of a New Era.
--------------------
The old man possessed a formidable mind —which was not surprising, really. As a member of the First Generation, he had endured the darkest era of humanity, facing countless dreadful ordeals and overcoming them with great tenacity and determination.

The fact that he had lived to his respectable age was proof enough of just how much willpower he possessed.

However, today, the old man encountered an ordeal that he would not be able to overcome…

It was Cassie.

Kneeling near the bloodied prisoner, she pulled off her blindfold and looked him into the eyes — of course, Cassie's had marked him already, so what she actually saw was herself.

The old man smiled darkly, and finally spoke.

«Song of the Fallen. I've heard about you.»

She responded quietly:

«And I you, Master Orum.»

She knew that he might attempt to commit suicide if given enough time — in fact, he would have done so already if the nature of her Aspect had not been a closely guarded secret. So, there was little time to waste, especially considering that there were several other captured spies she would have to interrogate later.

But this one… this one was more valuable to Cassie, because he had lived a long life, and would know many secrets that had nothing to do with the clandestine side of the Domain War.

Looking into the man's eyes, Cassie activated her Transcendent Ability.

Master Orum's formidable mental defences crumbled easily under her tyrannical attack…

After that, Sunny experienced something very strange. He was reliving Cassie's memory, who in turn was reliving the memories of the old man. If anything, it was a relief, since Master Orum was very much human — his point of view was infinitely less crushing than her own.

The recent memories were the easiest to access. The fear, the pain, the despair of being caught… but below it all, an eerie sense of calm and cold determination, as if he had been prepared to meet such an end all along.

Deeper than these fresh experiences were the memories of the war. The span of time was too great, and Master Orum's memory was not much different from a mundane human, many details of his recent past already erased by the passage of time — Cassie somehow sifted through the vast volume of random recollections, zeroing in on only the most important ones.

She completed the royal order with relative ease, finding the details of Orum's clandestine activity. How long he had been relaying information to Song, what methods he used, which secrets he had shared, who were his contacts in the Sword Army… and so on.

It was eerie and frightening, how easily she had learned his most precious secrets, and how helpless the stalwart old man was in front of her.

However, even after learning everything the King of Swords wanted to know, Cassie showed no sign of having achieved her goal. Instead, she kept looking into Orum's eyes, diving deeper into his memories… deeper, deeper, and deeper still, until his whole life was laid open in front of her like a book.

There were too many pages in that book to read them all, but some were more solid and important than others. They were his core memories, as well as those memories that had just got stuck in his mind for one reason or another, sometimes for no reason at all.

Even there were too numerous for her to fathom in a short span of time, without revealing her secret actions to the onlookers. So, Cassie focused even more, her mind spinning on all cylinders to find the pieces of precious information she desperately wanted to know.

And there, finally… she discovered something.

In the next moment, Sunny was transported into an old, old memory. Despite its age, however, it was incredibly sharp and vivid, hinting at how important these events were to Master Orum.

And only a few seconds later, Sunny understood why.

—— —— ——

The city was on fire, and acrid smoke shrouded the streets. Military vehicles lay on the melting asphalt like corpses of metallic beasts, their armor bent and torn to shreds. Here and there, human corpses were sprawled on the ground, as well, gruesomely mutilated and surrounded by pools of blood and…

Screams of terror were echoing in the smoke, drowning in the inhuman cacophony of bestial roars.

«Orie! Orie!»

Orum — a slender young man on the cusp of adulthood — had been running for his life, overcome by pain and despair. At the sound of a childish voice calling out to him, however, he stopped and turned around.

His little sister, whom he had been dragging along, was sprawled on the ground a dozen meters away, having fallen a few moments ago.

For a moment, cold fear flooded his mind.

He… he had not even noticed when her hand slipped out of his.

Limping back in a hurry, he picked her up from the ground and wiped tears out of her eyes.

«It's alright. It's alright. Come one, with have to…»

At that moment, a hideous figure lunged at them from the smoke, frenzied madness burning in its terrifying eyes.

It was one of the infected… or whatever these demons were.

Orum froze.

…Luckily, his body moved even if his mind was paralyzed. It pushed his sister back and whipped an arm forward — a senseless gesture, considering how powerful and unstoppable the infected were.

However, Orum had been one of these infected not too long ago.

He had not turned into a monster, though. Instead, he had dreamed of a terrible place, fighting for his life in a dreadful land where gods and demons were real, and humans possessed unbelievable powers. When he awoke, he brought parts of that dream with him.

As the infected was about to tear into his flesh, the asphalt beneath it suddenly parted, and then closed like stone jaws, crushing the creature's bones and trapping it.

Orum fell back, trembling, and pulled a military handgun — the one he had picked up from a soldier's corpse a few minutes before — from the pocket of his torn jacket.

Aiming it at the infected, he disengaged the safety and repeatedly pulled the trigger.

His aim was so bad that only seven rounds out of twelve actually hit the monster despite the close distance. Out of those, three had ricocheted off the creature's adamantine skull… but the remaining four were mercifully enough to kill it.

The infected slumped, and Orum shuddered when a ghostly voice resounded in his head:

[You have slain a Dormant Beast, Carrion Beast.]

[You have received a Memory.]

Lowering the empty gun, Orum belatedly realized that he had forgotten to search for spare magazines on the soldier's corpse. He had no bullets left.

How were they going to survive?

How… how was anyone going to survive?

All around young Orum and his sister…

The world was coming to an end.

**********


                                Chapter 1929: First Generation
--------------------
The shock of having killed an infected rattled Orum. He had slain several monsters in that strange dream of his... but those were monsters in the dream. The hideous creature in front of him had been a human once, and they were in the real world.

Monsters had no place in the real world.

...But killers had.

After all, the real world was not that different from a nightmare.

Wiping his sweat, he turned away, pulled his sister close, and shielded her from the gruesome sight.

'We can't stay still. We need to get away from this district before the fire spreads.‘

"Orie..."

He looked at his sister and forced out a smile.

"It's fine. I'm not hurt. It's... it's all going to be fine."

He remembered hearing the ghostly voice say that he had received something... some kind of memory. That was not the first time he had heard these words, but their meaning escaped him.

He was certain that he would not forget these terrible days for as long as he was alive, but wasn't it natural to retain the memories of what happened to you? Why had the voice felt the need to announce such a strange thing?

Gritting his teeth, Orum stood up, gasped at the pain in his wounded leg, then picked up his sister and started to limp away. The rag he had used to bandage the wound was already soaked in blood, which was now pooling in his shoe. Ignoring the repulsive sensation, he hurried his steps.

'l‘hen, hearing another howl, he ignored the pain and ran.

Orum ran as fast as he could — which was incredibly fast, compared to what he had been capable of just a few days ago. His body had grown unbelievably strong after the strange dream, reaching a pinnacle of what humans should be capable of. It was all very magical.

And yet, it wasn't enough.

Pretty soon, Orum stopped, looking around in desperation.

They were on a wide intersection, surrounded by burning tanks. 'l'here... there was nowhere to run, anymore.

That was because several infected had been feasting on the corpses of the soldiers that littered the ground here, and were now staring at him with bestial eyes. Several more were rushing from behind, only a few seconds away from catching up.

Orum held his sister tighter, not knowing what to do.

No, he knew what he had to do. He had to fight. It was just that fighting these monsters was suicide, even if he still had the gun.

Or... he could try to escape. Alone. If he lost the pack of supplies weighing him down... as well as his sister...

He shuddered, revolted and loathing himself for the momentary thought.

He would not leave his sister behind, ever, and that meant... that meant that both of them were going to die here.

Orum slowly lowered the little girl to the ground, then picked up a length of iron pipe that lay nearby, slightly bent and heavy in his grip.

If he was going to die, then he would die fighting. He would die taking as many of these monsters with him as he could.

However...

Orum did not die.

Just when the infected were prepared to lunge at him, something whistled in the air, and the head of one of the infected exploded.

A split second later, another fell to the ground, and then one more.

Each was hit directly in the eye.

He shook off his shock and raised the ground in front of them akin to a wall, the cracked asphalt scattering into the air. The wall shuddered when two monstrous creatures crashed into her, producing an appalling sound of breaking bones. Orum toppled the wall of earth onto them and raised his pipe, bringing it down on the cracked skull of the first creature to emerge from beneath the debris.

The ghostly voice whispered into his ear again:

[You have slain...l

He killed the second infected, as well, although that one took several blows.

By then, their pursuers were already upon them — or rather, they were sprawled on the ground, blood flowing from jagged holes in their heads.

Orum tiredly lowered his pipe, took his sister's hand, and looked around in confusion.

A few moments later, he froze.

Someone had walked out of the smoke. It was a beautiful young woman in dark military clothes, visibly one or two sizes too large for her frame. She had gorgeous raven-black hair and a confident gaze, using a high— powered magnetic rifle as a walking stick to help her walk.

And she needed the help, because she... she seemed to be late into her pregnancy. Her belly protruded forward like a ripe fruit, and she was using her other hand to support it.

Orum recognized her as his savior and bowed hurriedly.

"Th— thank you..."

The young woman glanced at him, then hung the rifle over her shoulder and outstretched a hand. His eyes widened when a scary-looking hunting knife appeared in it, seemingly out of thin air.

She studied him for a moment, then smiled lightly.

"What's your name, boy?"

Orum gulped.

"It's... it's Orie."

She nodded, then smiled wider and offered him the strange knife.

"Well, what are you waiting for? We need to get the shards before more of them appear. And it's a bit hard for me to bend down, at the moment... so..."

He stared at her in incomprehension.

"The... the shards? What shards? Wait, where did this knife come from? How did you..."

The young woman blinked a couple of times.

"Right. I guess not everyone has figured these things out inside the trial. Well, worry not, Orie... I'll explain to you what a soul shard is, what a Memory is, and how to survive the end of the world."

She lingered for a moment, and then added with a smile:

"Oh, I'm Jiwon, by the way... Song Jiwon."

She patted her belly.

"And this little bean is my future daughter. She'll be a real princess, no doubt..."

**********


                                Chapter 1930: Bright Future
--------------------
'That... is Ki Song's mother.‘

As Sunny thought that, surprised, the memory dissolved into the stream of Cassie's consciousness, and another one surfaced.

Orum, now an Awakened, was standing at the edges of a crowded square in NQSC. His figure was more muscular, and his posture was upright and confident — a far cry from the skinny refugee youth he had been once.

He had survived the end of the world... mostly thanks to Song Jiwon, who had taught him how to harvest soul shards, absorb them to grow stronger, summon the runes to learn about his Aspect and Attributes, manifest Memories, and much more.

On that day many years ago, they had fought their way out of the flood of the infected... the Nightmare Creatures, as they were called now... and then joined a caravan of other survivors, escaping across the desolate wasteland toward the Northern Quadrant Siege Capital.

Song Iiwon — now known as Ravenheart — was also responsible for the fact that he had survived the winter solstice a few months later. They parted ways after that, thrown into different corners of the Dream Realm by the Nightmare Spell, but Orum often thought about his savior and wondered how she was doing now.

And her daughter, who had been born soon after the two of them Awakened. That was why he had been glad to have stumbled into her today, out of the blue. Ravenbeart had not changed much. She was still easygoing and confident, quick to smile, and a little mysterious... it was only that there seemed to be a hint of heaviness hidden deep in her beautiful eyes now, and she seemed more mature. "Take this."

She handed him a snack from a street vendor # the same synthpaste cake everyone was having, powdered by an excessive amount of artificial spices — and looked at the huge projection towering above the crowd in the middle of the square.

On it, a solemn ceremony was taking place.

Orum received the snack with gratitude and looked at the screen, as well. Ravenheart took a bite, grimaced, and then pointed at the projection.

"Oh, I recognize some of those guys. Let's see — the one who looks like he only has one expression should be good old Warden of Valor... he's not that bad, actually, just terribly stiff. The handsome devil next to him is Immortal Flame. Then... goodness gracious, is that who I think it is? That must be him. Nightwalker... so the rumors are true! He does exist. Let me see, who else..." There were more renowned warriors beside them.

The people whose image was projected above the crowd were the best and the brightest humanity had to offer... the militant heroes of the new era. Everyone had fought relentlessly to make sure that the world did not fall apart, of course, but these remarkable individuals had carved their names into history.

And now, they were about to do it again.

Orum glanced at Ravenheart and asked, feeling a little self-conscious:

"You know them?"

She shook her head.

"No, not really. Small people like us rarely get the chance to brush sides with the big guys, don't we?"

He smiled.

Ravenheart was being falsely modest. Sure, her fame was nowhere near someone like the Warden or Immortal Flame, but she was far from ordinary. After all, she was one of the rare individuals who had earned a True Name from the Spell, as well.

One of the people in the projection, meanwhile, was finishing a speech.

"...but we endured. We survived. We thrived! The Nightmare Creatures are now fully eradicated across countless cities, and we have reclaimed our planet. However... it is still too early to celebrate. There are still many more cities that must be liberated, and many more people that need to be saved. And so, to achieve this glorious goal and protect humanity from the perils of the uncertain future..."

The speaker took a dramatic pause, and then finished with a bright smile:

"I am proud to announce the formation of the United Human Government!"

The crowd exploded with applause and cheers.

The old countries were gone, and in the chaos of the new era, the survivors had been united around local powerhouses — mostly Awakened champions. There was a lot of cooperation between various stronghold cities, especially recently... in no small part because those same powerhouses were often fighting side by side in the Dream Realm when they slept.

So, this was welcome news. People felt as if a semblance of stability was returning to the world.

Ravenheart clapped her hands together, as well.

"Good. Things were getting crazy in some parts of the world lately... both worlds, I mean. There are all kinds of lunatics out there, some holding significant power. This new United Government will probably push them out, slowly but surely."

Orum nodded.

"Yeah. I'm just glad that some kind of universal order will be established. Honestly, I felt like we'd devolve back to feudalism for a while."

He was actually powerful enough to become a feudal lord himself... a small—time lord, perhaps, but a lord nonetheless. Still, that was not the world he wanted his sister to grow up in.

Ravenheart gave him a curious look.

"I mean... we probably still will. But at least this new feudalism will have a nice veneer and a sleek PR department."

With that, she finished her snack and headed away from the square.

"Come on, Orie. The whole city will be celebrating today... we should have some fun while we can, shouldn't we?"

Ormn chuckled, threw one last glance at the projection, and followed.

"Sure. just the two of us?"

Ravenheart flashed him a smile.

"Actually, I had one more person in mind..."

Half an hour later, Orum found himself looking at a shy, incredibly sweet little girl hiding behind her mother and throwing cautious glances at him.

He blinked.

"Is that you, Little Ki? Gods, when did you get so big?!"

The last time he saw her, she was a tiny, wrinkled infant swaddled in a bundle of cloth.

So many people had died during the first months of the Nightmare Spell that simply surviving was seen as a great accomplishment. Surviving while being pregnant, like Ravenheart did, was nothing short of a miracle... as well as a testament to how exceptional she was.

So, this little girl's life was a miracle. She had been born and survived against all odds.

But it was only looking at her now, grown up and resembling an actual human, that Orum finally felt it.

How far they had come...

And that the world was not ending anymore.

That they had saved it.

Looking at the shy little girl, he smiled.

"What, don't you remember your Uncle Orie? Ab, I'm hurt. I was there when you were a tiny little baby, you know..."

He couldn't help but wonder what future awaited this sweet child.

Surely, she would live a long life. Her future will be warm, bright, and full of happiness…

**********

