Shadow Slave - PART 132
Chapters 1311 to 1320
==============================


                                Chapter 1311 Temple of the Nightmare Spell [Correct title]
--------------------
Consumed by despondence, Sunny tried to find solace in anger. But it was of no use. Then, Sunny tried to remind himself that the Ananke he knew was just an apparition conjured by the Spell... the real Ananke - the true Priestess of the Nightmare Spell who had lived in the real Tomb of Ariel - was long dead, her spirit and bones taken by the Great River.

She had never met Sunny and Nephis. She had never traveled to the far reaches of the future or made delicious small pies for two complete strangers.

In fact, it was not at all clear if the real Ananke shared the same fate as the one he knew. The Serpent King had brought many challengers into the Nightmare, after all - their actions had to have changed the flow of events within this version of the Tomb of Ariel.

Perhaps the real Weave was never destroyed by one of the Six Plagues, or had been wiped out entirely long before Ananke was born.

But telling himself that Ananke was not real did not help either. It never did. Be it the First Nightmare, the Second, or the Third, Sunny could not help but treat the people he met as real.

With a heavy sigh, he turned to look at the magnificent structure they were approaching. It was an unusual one. Much larger than most buildings in Weave, it was situated in the very heart of the city, on a solitary island-ship that floated some distance away from the rest. The artificial island was connected to the neighboring ones with rope bridges of white silk, resembling a spider sitting at the center of a vast web.

The structure itself was tall and imposing, built of roughly cut black stone. Tattered white banners were hanging from its walls, fluttering in the wind. It looked nebulous and sinister, like a temple of some dark deity.

...Sunny had an idea who that deity was.

Looking up, he saw a lonely figure standing on the roof of the numinous temple, looking down at the desolate ruin of Weave. The black silk of its long hair and tunic remained motionless despite the strong wind. He couldn't see the figure's face from the distance, but silhouetted against the azure sky, it seemed strangely grim.

'There you are.'

The Sin of Solace had finally shown himself after hiding somewhere for a long time. And yet, the wraith was simply observing the ghost city from above instead of tormenting Sunny with snide remarks... its behavior had been getting stranger and stranger ever since the start of the Nightmare.

'Well, good. Stay away for as long as you want, you won't be missed.'

Paying attention to the apparition through one of the shadows, Sunny followed Ananke across one of the rope bridges. As they got closer to the ominous temple, Sunny and Nephis felt a strong sense of unease... however, the young priestess looked unperturbed. If anything, her expression grew calmer.

"This is the last place we will visit in Weave."

Even her voice sounded lighter.

Sunny hesitated for a few moments, then asked in a somewhat stifled tone:

"Is this... the temple of Weaver?"

Ananke shook her head with a faint smile.

"No, my Lord. Weaver was elusive and had no desire to be worshipped. It is useless to worship the Demon of Fate, anyway... no matter how virtuous you are and how many offerings you make, fate will always remain uncaring, unchanged, and inevitable."

She pointed to this dark temple.

"No, this... is the temple of the Nightmare Spell. Of the gift Weaver has given us to rely on instead of the gods, the daemons, and of fate itself."

'Of fate itself...'

Sunny was once again faced with the fact the Demon of Fate seemed to have created the Spell to resist the very thing that was supposed to be the source of their power.

'Maybe Weaver was bound by the chains of fate, just like I am bound by them, too.'

The sudden thought was both ominous and chilling. If even the Demon of Fate had not been able to escape its clutches, then how could Sunny ever hope to succeed where Weaver had failed?

Still... despite everything that had happened, he still wanted to be free.

That primal desire was rooted deep within his soul, smoldering, too vast and searing to be put out by shallow things like knowledge or wisdom.

Even though Sunny had learned that there was no such thing as true freedom - at least not without sacrificing everything one held dear - he still stubbornly clung to the desperate wish of breaking free of his bonds. It was just that the tumultuous twists and turns of his strange life had dampened that fiery hope a little.

He sighed, then glanced at Nephis with a guarded expression.

...She was not going to do something extreme like burning the temple of the Spell down, was she?

Ananke might have been sincerely devoted to them, but Sunny doubted that the young priestess would just watch silently as her home was destroyed. And although it was sometimes easy to forget because of her gentle temperament, she was still a true Saint.

Even if she wasn't, Sunny simply did not want to fight Ananke.

Luckily, Nephis seemed to be holding back her hatred for the sake of their kind guide. She had been raised by her grandmother, after all. Even though Neph had not shown it, meeting Ananke must have pulled at the strings of her heart... which still existed, no matter how abused, neglected, and ravaged by torment it was.

"Let's hurry inside."

Oblivious to the hidden conflict between her faith and the people she considered to be its apostles, the young priestess headed toward the gates of the sinister temple with a smile on her lips.

Sunny and Nephis followed, neither of them saying anything.

Soon, they passed through the dark entrance and found themselves within a vast hall. Its interior was shrouded in darkness, creating a solemn and mysterious atmosphere - for everyone except Sunny, of course, who could see everything just fine. Narrow beams of stark sunlight were falling from the elaborately carved light wells in the ceiling, intertwined in a complicated pattern...

The Temple of the Nightmare Spell looked frightening and sinister on the outside, but its interior was quietly beautiful. The intricate tapestry of falling light resembled the breathtaking weave of the inner workings of the Spell, while the darkness of the vast hall was like the lightless void between dream and reality where it was hiding.

It was... strangely peaceful here.

What caught Sunny's eye, however, were the white tapestries of enormous spiderwebs growing freely between the columns and support beams of the hall.

He shifted uncomfortably and pointed to them, mentally preparing for battle:

"I... think an abomination did make a nest in the ruins."

Ananke looked at him in confusion for a moment, then chuckled. Her melodious laughter echoed under the roof of the dark hall.

"No need to be alarmed, my Lord. The spider silk has always been here. No one knows what the Demon of Fate looks like, you see... which is why they are often depicted as a spider. Because of that, spiders were akin to sacred animals to us followers of Weaver. It was forbidden to harm a spider or its web, and we lived peacefully side by side with many."

She swept her gaze across the interior of the temple, her eyes growing wistful.

"I spent my youth in this temple, learning the duties of a priestess from my mother. The spiders who lived here were my friends. They are all gone now, of course... fate wasn't merciful to them, either. But their silk remains."

Sunny gave the young woman a strange look.

'So, little Ananke was friends with spiders...'

She... must have been one hell of a creepy girl.

But then again, who was he to judge? Sunny had never been a well-adjusted child himself.

'At least I didn't have to deal with all this sticky web. Gods, living in this temple must have been annoying!'

As he thought that, his gaze finally settled on a mass of roughly cut stone towering in the center of the hall. It resembled a wide pillar that had been broken by a devastating blow and then damaged by unbearable heat, its upper part deformed like a melted candle. The widest beam of sunlight fell vertically on the stone pillar, bathing it in blinding white radiance.

Walking closer, Sunny noticed that the whole mass of stone was covered by engravings. There had been many scenes depicted on it once, it seemed, but now, only one remained.

He shivered.

Cut into the ancient stone, an enormous gate was depicted, its titanic surface wrapped in unbreakable chains. In front of it, a tall figure stood, the shape and form of its body hidden by a dark mantle. Only the face could be seen... or rather, the mask. The mask of a fearsome demon with ferocious fangs and a crown of three twisting horns.

Drawn to the stone image, Sunny felt his blood stir. Of course, he knew whose figure was carved into the broken pillar.

...It was Weaver.

-----

Erdiul's Note: Chapter 1310 has the wrong title, the title should be ''Forsaken''. Should be fixed by one of the admins soon, I let him know about it.

**********


                                Chapter 1312 Ancient Mural
--------------------
Sunny remained silent for a while, looking at the broken pillar. Eventually, he turned to Ananke and asked in a hesitant tone: "What is this?"

The young priestess approached the mass of dark stone and bowed her head. After a few moments of reverent silence, she straightened and looked at him with a proud smile.

"It is one of the greatest relics of Weave, my Lord. This column was brought into the Tomb of Ariel by my elders, and then carried all the way here after their exile. It depicts the deeds of Weaver, from birth to the bestowal of the Nightmare Spell to my people."

Her smile dimmed.

"...However, as you can see, the column has been severely damaged over the ages. Now, only this one image remains."

Sunny frowned and stared at chains wrapped around the titanic gate. For whatever reason, just looking at them made him feel deeply uncomfortable.

"But what is its meaning?"

His voice was full of both curiosity and apprehension.

Ananke stepped closer to the broken pillar and studied the ancient engraving for a few moments in solemn silence. Then, she said in a melodious tone:

"This is a fragment of the mural that tells the story of one of Weaver's greatest deeds. The story of how the wandering daemon braved the eternal abyss."

The frown on Sunny's face deepened. He briefly glanced at Nephis and said:

"The... eternal abyss? Do you mean the primordial void?"

The young priestess nodded.

"Yes. After the gods sealed the void, Weaver was the only one who managed to enter it. Or, rather, the only one of those who had entered it who managed to return alive. At least that is what the legends say."

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

He knew that the gods had sealed the eternal void, from which they were born. He also knew that the unknown were, most likely, the creatures of that void, while the Unknown was a specific being that had somehow given life to the seven daemons.

And that the reflection of either the former or the latter was forever frozen in the depths of Weaver's eyes.

Was that how the Demon of Fate had ended up carrying the reflection of the unknown within their pupils? By entering the void and witnessing its horror?

If so... Sunny wasn't sure if the depiction on the pillar had anything to do with how that event had happened. He doubted that there was an actual gate, no matter how impressive, that barred the way into the eternal void. What kind of gate could seal something that was much greater and more ancient than even the gods?

He also was uncertain that Weaver had actually physically entered the void. Of course, it was possible... but there was another probability, as well.

The strings of fate stretched from the past into the future. The Demon of Fate had obviously been much more capable of looking at them than Sunny was...

What if Weaver had simply traced the great tapestry of fate all the way back to its origin? To the point when the world had not existed yet, and all there was was a vast and ever-changing void?

If so, then using the [Where is My Eye?] enchantment was much more perilous than Sunny had thought... and he already considered it deadly. In fact, now that he knew that simply knowing certain things could corrupt living beings, he saw the ability to perceive the strings of fate in a new light.

'Dangerous...'

Of course, there was still the possibility that Weaver had indeed ventured into the eternal void physically. Maybe that was how they had ended up having to sever their arm in the Ebony Tower... although timing did not really make sense for that to happen.

He remained silent for a bit, then asked in a dry tone:

"And why, exactly, did Weaver do such a thing?"

Ananke smiled.

"Weaver believed that knowledge was the origin of power..."

'Yeah, I heard as much.'

"...and that was the reason they had ventured into the eternal abyss. To find the answer to the greatest of secrets."

Nephis was looking at the ancient mural. Hearing these words, she frowned slightly, and asked:

"What secret?"

The young priestess laughed.

"How would mortals like us know? Some legends say that the Demon of Fate wanted to gain knowledge of the origin of the gods. Others say that it was Weaver's own origin that they sought to uncover. Perhaps it was both."

Sunny stared at her for a moment.

'...Perhaps the two are one and the same.'

Ananke shook her head.

"Whatever it was that Weaver had learned in the abyss... is not that important, really. What matters more is that witnessing the eternal void gave the Demon of Fate the first reason to create the Nightmare Spell - that is what we, its priests, believe. So while this mural does not depict the inception of the Nightmare Spell, it does depict the inception of the idea of it. Which is why the remains of this column is the greatest relic of Weave."

Sunny tilted his head.

'What? What does the eternal void have to do with the Nightmare Spell? That's the first time I'm hearing about this.'

Wasn't Ananke contradicting herself? Before, she had said that the purpose of the Nightmare Spell was to give living beings a chance to save themselves from the annihilation of the Doom War.

But then again, she was a priestess, and religious beliefs were rarely bound by reason. Contradictions were par for the course, and for the same reason, Sunny had to take everything Ananke said with a grain of salt.

Still... there could be some truth to what she said.

The young priestess bowed to the broken pillar again, then walked away with light steps.

"My Lord, my Lady... come! I will show you the rest of the temple."

Sunny and Nephis exchanged a glance, both pondering the meaning of the ancient mural. Neither of them knew what to make of it, so they followed Ananke in silence.

Soon, the three of them settled for sleep. Tired after the long journey and the forlorn eeriness of Weave, Sunny fell into the embrace of dreams almost instantly.

...That night, he saw a nightmare.

In the nightmare, Sunny was a spider with one of his eight legs broken off. He was crawling across the stone floor, consumed by fear.

Behind him, broken chains were falling down with a deafening clangor, and a titanic door stood wide open, its dark maw hiding indescribable horror.

Sunny crawled and crawled, but no matter how he strained himself, the horrifying gate was only drew closer.

**********


                                Chapter 1313 Nightmare Within Nightmare
--------------------
Sunny dreamt of a titanic gate that stood wide open, something boundless and entirely alien hiding in the darkness of its colossal maw. He was a spider with a severed leg, crawling away as broken chains fell to the ground all around him. His mind was consumed by terror, while his heart... His heart was full of a cold, bitter feeling of betrayal and regret.

'Escape... I must escape...'

Sunny pushed his small body across the stone floor. There were beautiful webs veiling the vast hall of the temple, their silk threads weaved into a grandiose tapestry. A spark flew, and a moment later, the webs were engulfed in fire. They disappeared in a flash, leaving behind only clouds of acrid smoke that obscured the entire world. At least he couldn't see the harrowing gate anymore.

Suffocating, he crawled through the smoke, and slowly, torturously, the terror devouring his soul dissipated. Sunny felt as if he had escaped the immediate danger... however, he was hopelessly lost. There was nothing except for searing heat and the dark glow of spreading flame around him. His body was already starting to grow unbearably hot.

He froze for a moment, resting and trying to find the way out of the smoldering inferno. Then, for a moment... he felt a breeze caressing his singed carapace from somewhere ahead.

'There...'

Sunny rose to his seven feet and limped forward as fast as he could. Soon, he left the smoke and the fire behind.

There was a silent expanse of still water around him now. The smoke was gone, but a thick mist took its place. It swirled and moved, flowing slowly past the shivering figure of the small spider.

'Where am I?'

Sunny took a step and discovered that he could somehow walk on the surface of the water - just like he could within the Soul Sea. Advancing hesitantly, he ventured deeper into the fog. Some time passed - perhaps only a few minutes, perhaps an eternity - and he had lost all sense of direction.

There was nothing but mist in the world.

...Until something else appeared in the grey void.

Sunny trembled.

There, ahead of him, someone... something... was sitting on the calm surface of the water, staring down. The figure was dressed in tattered rags, its gaunt body hidden from view. It seemed like a human, or was at least human-shaped. The man's dirty hair was hanging like seaweeds, and his face was hidden from view. A jagged band of dark metal rested on his head like a tarnished crown.

Suddenly, Sunny felt cold.

'The... the Mad Prince?'

It was one of the six Heralds of the Estuary... one of the Six Plagues.

The creature in front of him looked rather pitiful, but it was still a Corrupted Titan. He was in dire danger. Luckily, the Defiled abomination did not seem to notice the small spider... Mad Prince was sitting motionlessly, staring at his own reflection with an absent expression. It was as though he existed in an entirely different reality.

A moment later, Sunny suddenly felt profound relief. A simple realization dispelled his fear and unease:

'...I'm sleeping. It's a dream.'

Of course, it was. Sunny was not a spider. He was currently in the temple of the Nightmare Spell, near Nephis and Ananke - not in the middle of a boundless sea, lost in the mist. The Corrupted Titan in front of him was not real, and the danger the creature represented was not real either.

'Thank the gods...'

As Sunny thought that, he was not a spider anymore. However, he was also not himself - instead, Sunny was tall and nebulous. He had eight nimble arms, one of them crafted out of pristine white porcelain. His slender figure was veiled by a dark mantle, and a mask of black polished wood hid his features.

Looking down from his towering height, Sunny studied the pitiful creature in front of him. The Mad Prince did not look that frightening, especially for a Titan. However...

For some unknown reason, the hunched figure filled Sunny with dread. It was just too... too familiar...

As if sensing a gaze, the tattered man suddenly shifted and slowly raised his head. A dreadful face that seemed like a ghastly mask of countless scars and two dark eyes burning with unfathomable madness revealed themselves, making Sunny take an involuntary step back.

Then, a whisper that was like broken glass resounded, scratching at his ears.

The Mad Prince whispered:

"...Who dares dream about me?"

And just like that, the relief Sunny felt was destroyed.

'W-what? He knows that this is a dream? No, that is not possible. How?!'

The eyes of the Defiled slowly gained refocus, becoming sharp and crushing. Pressed down by the unbearable weight of harrowing insanity hidden in their dark depths, Sunny took another step back and held his breath.

'It's a dream, it's a dream...'

The creature's lips, meanwhile, twisted in a wicked smile.

"Ah... it's you. Which one are you?"

The Mad Prince suddenly froze, then groaned and struck his head with a fist.

"I can't, can't... can't remember. Ah, but it is also an answer."

His ugly face rippled, as if trying to assume a human expression.

"You're... neither. You are an impostor?"

The creature's voice suddenly grew dark and vicious:

"You... murderer..."

An unhinged laugh escaped his lips, and then, the Mad Prince slowly rose. His tattered rags moved, shrouded in mist...

As Sunny took another step back, desperately trying to wake up, the Defiled took a step forward.

"How about it, murderer? Come closer... I'll tell you a secret. You deserve that much..."

There was suddenly nowhere to go. The grey mist became solid, blocking all paths to retreat. And Sunny... Sunny was, indeed, curious. Curious against his will.

He was a great lover of secrets, after all...

As he shuddered, feeling his thoughts spin out of control, there was suddenly a presence between him and the Mad Prince. Someone else was standing there, blocking the view of the mad creature with his back.

It was a young man in a black tunic, with long raven-black hair and a grim expression on his pale face.

The Sin of Solace.

'What is he doing here?'

The wraith seemed uncharacteristically serious as he stared the Mad Prince down. Without turning his head, the apparition said in a voice that was neither snide nor mocking...

Instead, it was grave:

"What are you doing, fool? Summon your horse and get out of here! Hurry!"

-----

Erdiul's Note: Will be busy in the coming few days, delayed chapters will be the results of that.

**********


                                Chapter 1314 Revelations of Madness
--------------------
Shielded by the Sin of Solace, Sunny was suddenly capable of pushing through the mist again. He backed away as the Defiled smiled wider.

"Where are you going, murderer? Don't you want to learn a secret? You won't regret knowing it... ah, maybe you will..."

Sunny did not know what was happening, but he was sure of one thing - whatever it was that the Mad Prince wanted to tell him was not something he should ever learn.

Unless he wanted to become as mad and broken as the Defiled abomination was.

It was already crazy enough to be fighting for his life - or rather, for his humanity - within a dream.

Which he was dreaming inside the Third Nightmare.

Staggering away, Sunny called upon his Shadows.

Instantly, three figures rose from below. Taciturn Saint, scrawny Imp, and a tenebrous steed shrouded in darkness.

The Mad Prince exploded with laughter.

"Good, good... oh, this makes me feel nostalgic..."

'We will...'

...Saint was the first one to fall. Before she could even move, a sword suddenly flashed, followed by a turbulent whirlwind of surging mist. The graceful stone knight froze, a thin crack suddenly appearing on her onyx armor.

Then, as silently as she had been born, Saint crumbled into a thousand shards of black stone. A cloud of ruby dust exploded into the air, painting the still water crimson.

"Saint!"

Sunny's eyes widened, but before he could do anything, the Sin of Solace pushed him away.

"Run, you bastard! She's not real!"

The Imp was second. The little fiend hesitated, visibly scared by the tattered figure of the mad Titan. However, then, it bravely jumped forward, reaching for the flesh of the Defiled with his claws. The invisible sword whistled again, and the scrawny figure suddenly staggered.

With liquid flames flowing out of Imp's mouth, he looked at Sunny with a frightened expression. Then, his eyes grew dim, and his little head slid off his neck, falling into the water with a quiet splash.

'Ah...'

Sunny felt as if his own mind was on the verge of breaking. Pressing down the tempest of pain and guilt raging in his heart, he gritted his teeth and turned away.

His hand grasped Nightmare's mane, and with a stifled scream, he jumped onto the stallion's back.

The dark courser was already galloping away, away... away through the swirling mist.

The Mad Prince's laugh reached them from behind.

"Where are you going, murderer?! I am... not done... with you..."

Sunny did not turn to look back. Gripping the sides of Nightmare with his thighs, he raised both hands and pressed them to his ears.

'Don't listen... don't listen...'

However, he still heard it. The voice of the Sin of Solace, who said with a hint of resignation in his hateful, familiar voice. Sunny's own voice.

"Damn lunatic... are you trying to steal my job?"

He had never been so happy to have a wraith born from the whisper of the Demon of Dread stuck in his head before.

Nightmare flew through the mist, and soon, the veil of it obscured the Mad Prince and the Sin of Solace, muffling their voices until nothing except silence remained.

Sunny had also turned into himself... finally. He had a human body once again, as well as two human hands. The dark mantle was replaced by the soft silk of the Shroud of Dusk.

Looking down, he patted the black steed on the shoulder and let out a shaky breath.

"I... I think we are safe now."

Then, he hesitated for a moment and added in a small voice:

"But do you think... that I can wake up now?"

Nightmare huffed and struck the surface of the still water with his hooves, soaring high into the air.

As they rose higher and higher, the mist grew thinner and thinner, until eventually, a ray of sunshine broke through its blinding veil.

And as soon as it did...

Sunny woke up with a start.

"Argh!"

He sat up, covered in cold sweat. With his heart beating wildly, Sunny grabbed at his chest and froze, looking around the dark room of the desolate temple. Slowly, his panic started to dissolve.

'A dream... it was just a dream.'

Sunny slowly exhaled, then shuddered and shook his head.

No... it might have been a dream, but it definitely had not been just a dream. He did not know what kind of power could have allowed the Mad Prince - who was most likely either dead already or far, far away - to appear in his nightmare. However, he was certain that the creature he had met in the dream was not a simple figment of his imagination.

Sunny did not know whether the tattered abomination he had faced was the Defiled Titan himself or some echo left behind by his passing, but he knew that hearing the secret the abomination wanted to share would have been the end of him.

'Gods damn it... even the dreams aren't safe here.'

As his heart calmed down a little, he sat in silence for a while, trying to gather his thoughts. There were a lot of strange things about that dreadful dream... however, before he could consider them carefully, a sudden worry clouded his mind.

Sunny hurriedly sent his shadows to check on Nephis and Ananke. Making sure that both were sleeping peacefully in the neighboring rooms, he then shuddered at the memory of his Shadows being destroyed and proceeded to summon them one after another.

He called upon the dark courser first. As the Sin of Solace said, Saint and Imp should not have been real - the black steed could be summoned into his dream because that was the nature of Nightmare's powers, but the other two were different. So, only Nightmare had actually faced the Mad Prince... most likely.

The black stallion appeared in the shadows, keeping to his intangible form. He seemed agitated, but otherwise unharmed. Relieved, Sunny let out a long sigh.

"...Thank you, buddy. You really saved my hide there."

Dismissing Nightmare, he summoned Saint next. The graceful knight appeared out of the darkness, as stoic and indifferent as ever. She was unharmed. Feeling as if a great burden had been lifted off his heart, Sunny closed his eyes for a moment.

"You're safe. Thank the gods..."

Saint gave him a strange look, but remained silent... well, of course she did.

"Go back now... no, actually, stay here. Keep watch throughout the night, alright?"

The graceful knight stared at him for a few moments, then turned away and silently left the room to stand guard in the corridor.

Sunny took a deep breath and rubbed his face.

Now, only Imp remained.

He summoned the scrawny goblin, then scratched the back of his head.

'Ah, right... that little rascal is still stuck digesting the armor of the Black Turtle. Damn it, when will he stop lazing around and...'

But before Sunny could finish the thought, a frightening figure suddenly rose from the shadows... towering above him like a demon forged out of dark steel and sharp blades...

"Argh, what the?!"

...Unbeknownst to Sunny, the little rascal had already awakened from his slumber.

Only he wasn't so little anymore.

**********


                                Chapter 1315 Steel Devil
--------------------
Sunny had grown accustomed to calling his youngest Shadow an imp... however, now the Ravenous Fiend was finally worthy of his fearsome name.

The creature in front of Sunny could not be called little, nor could it be called scrawny. It was almost as tall as Saint, towering above him like a demonic warrior whose body had been forged out of dark steel in the infernal flames of hell.

There were a lot of similarities with how Imp had looked during their last battle in Falcon Scott... but there were also differences.

The original Ravenous Fiend had been tall, but gaunt. His body had been covered in thick plates of black bone armor, and he was as ferocious as he was stealthy, like a vengeful wraith born out of hungry darkness.

The new and improved Imp, however, was not gaunt. Instead, he seemed like a knight clad in a suit of plate armor. That armor was not made out of bone, either - it was made out of a strange dark metal.

The ravenous Shadow had seemed like he was forged out of black steel before, but the look of his metallic body was changed now. It acquired a dark sheen and a glossy quality, as though the Transcendent Devil had been cast out of black silver or covered in a layer of dull chrome.

There were changes in the... design of his armor, too.

It was as though Fiend had been forged out of countless broken swords. There were curved blades growing from his elbows and knees, as well as ferocious spikes rising here and there from his dark armor.

His face was hidden behind the visor of a fearsome helmet, with twisting horns rising from it and a jagged line breaking its surface where the fiend's terrible mouth was hidden, brimming with dagger-like teeth.

His claws were like short swords, and in his ferocious eyes, infernal flames burned with intense heat.

'C-crap...'

And that demonic monstrosity... was currently staring at Sunny with an extremely nasty expression in its glowing orange-red eyes.

Sunny awkwardly cleared his throat.

"Ah... hey there, buddy."

Imp's mouth split in a sinister grin, releasing more heat and infernal glow.

Sunny forced out a smile.

"Wow! You... look great! I guess all that delicious magical steel I found and fed you... out of nothing but pure kindness, maybe... really did you some good, huh?"

He coughed.

"Say... you wouldn't be remembering all the times I kicked and berated you, would you? Or, you know... thinking about strange things like revenge... would you?"

Imp took a step forward, the glow of his demonic eyes and incinerating maw falling on Sunny's face. His grin widened, the sharp steel teeth glinting in the darkness.

His voice sounded like a roaring flame:

"Like... revenge..."

With that, Imp raised his hand.

In that moment, Sunny's expression changed, and he added evenly:

"Because if you do... you master will have a good reason to find out just how sturdy this new body of yours is."

Imp's grin froze for a moment, and his hand did too.

He hesitated for a moment... and then carefully fixed a crease on Sunny's tunic.

The steel fiend growled politely:

"Master... good..."

Then, he backed away, stared at Sunny for a bit, and hurriedly left the room.

Sunny let out a relieved sigh, then smiled.

"Ah. They grow up so fast..."

One of his shadows followed Imp into the corridor to see what the little... the big guy was up to.

Moving too silently for a creature of his size and weight, the steel devil approached Saint and stopped next to her, as if to join her in guarding the rooms.

There they stood, Saint and Fiend.

...Imp was acting as nonchalantly as the taciturn knight was, but Sunny did not miss the fact that the bastard was puffing out his chest and secretly throwing glances at Saint, as if waiting for her reaction.

After a while, the stone knight finally turned her head and stared at the steel fiend indifferently. Imp seemed to have secretly held his breath.

Saint remained motionless for a while, then raised her hand and casually flicked the fiend's chest with a finger. After hearing a melodious ring, she tilted her head a little.

Finally, the graceful knight nodded curtly and turned away.

...Imp looked beyond himself.

Maintaining a stoic facade worthy of his ferocious appearance, he also looked away and returned to silently guarding the corridor.

However, the flames in his eyes were dancing jubilantly.

Sunny scoffed.

'This ugly idiot... ah, he's seriously cute...'

He shook his head, then summoned the runes to learn exactly what had changed about Ravenous Fiend, except for appearance.

The runes read:

Shadow: Ravenous Fiend.

Shadow Rank: Transcendent.

Shadow Class: Devil.

Shadow Description: [A pitiful little creature traveled through a nightmarish land...]

Shadow Attributes: [Lucky], [Marvel], [Ravenous], [Shadow Sworn], [Complete Steel body].

The [Greater Steel Body] had become [Complete Steel body]. Its description read:

Attribute Description: [This Shadow's body is forged out of sublime blessed steel and is without a flaw].

It seemed that consuming the silver armor of the Black Turtle had not only improved the quality of the alloy from which Imp's body was made, but also removed all the remaining imperfections from it.

Granted, Sunny was inclined to take its supposed flawlessness with a grain of salt. After all, he had recently learned that flaws were one of the universal laws of the world.

Still, if the Spell deemed it necessary to call Imp's newly evolved body flawless, he had to be very close to having no physical vulnerabilities.

It seemed... that Sunny finally had another powerful Shadow to face the most dire enemies side by side with.

Imp was now perfectly capable of participating in battles alongside Saint and Nightmare, reaching the fearsome level of power that a Transcendent Devil was supposed to possess.

With his indestructible steel body, which was a weapon in and of itself, as well as his dual affinity for shadows and flame, the ferocious fiend would be a terror on the battlefield.

'Good... just in time.'

Sunny's face grew somber.

Things had been calm for a while, ever since Ananke had found them.

But he knew that there were plenty of harrowing battles waiting for them in the depths of the Tomb of Ariel.

**********


                                Chapter 1316 Limits of Power
--------------------
Imp... or was Sunny supposed to call him Fiend now?... did not get new abilities. Which was logical, really, since the Black Turtle was only a Monster - and the gluttonous Shadow had not even consumed the flesh of the abominations, only its armor.

Still, the scrawny goblin had become a fearsome ogre. He was going to significantly increase Sunny's battle power, not the least because of his carefully chosen diet. Sunny had given up on feeding Ravenous Fiend a lot of valuable stuff so that his growth did not become muddled.

Imp's main affinities had to be established first - steel and shadows. The flames he had absorbed from the colossal body of the Sun Prince were a pleasant side effect, increasing the power of the steel devil's attacks... but what Sunny had really wanted was to make his youngest Shadow as indestructible as possible.

Saint possessed an incredible level of defense, which was only made greater by her masterful battle prowess. But Imp was different - if not guided cautiously, he could have ended up being vulnerable. Considering the types of situations Sunny often found himself in, that vulnerability was bound to result in him losing his first Shadow sooner rather than later.

Survivability was king. He had regrettably proven it himself over and over again, clinging to life by the skin of his teeth on many occasions.

Which was why Sunny was so impressed by how hard to kill the original Scavenger had been. He had experienced the toughness of the spiteful fiend's bone armor personally, after all, and wanted to make Imp at least as durable. If the ravenous Shadow managed to approach the level of defense Saint possessed, that would have been even better.

In that regard... Sunny seemed to have overshot his initial goal. By a lot.

Imp's [Complete Steel Body] was not only as durable as Saint's graceful body was, but vastly more so. His metal carapace was sturdier than her stonelike armor, and much more importantly, that durability encompassed the entire body of the ravenous devil, not just its surface.

Although Saint was hard to wound, she was actually quite vulnerable once her armor and resilient skin were breached. The internals of her miraculous stone body were well protected, but fragile. The ruby dust that flowed out of the wounds like blood was proof of that.

Ravenous Fiend, however, was now fully tempered, both outside and inside. There were no vulnerabilities that an enemy could exploit - at least not an enemy using physical attacks.

Which meant that while Imp could deliver fearsome blows, his true power lay in being nearly impervious to physical harm. He could become the shield of the Shadow Cohort.

'...Or a punching bag.'

Sunny scratched the back of his head and looked in the direction where Imp was standing, hidden from view by a wall, with a guilty expression. The poor guy had not realized what the future held for him, had he?

'Sorry, buddy...'

He shook his head and remained silent for a while, thinking.

There were two fully matured Transcendent Devils serving him now. Sunny himself had become unbelievably strong due to Shadow Dance, at least for an Ascended. If augmented by Nephis, his power was probably comparable to some Saints now - enough to give him a fighting chance, if nothing else.

If Sunny was assisted by his Shadows, most Saints would probably be the ones at risk, not him. And that was without Soul Serpent, who should have become the strongest of the Shadows by now.

...But still, that power was not enough. After experiencing the dire perils of the upper reaches of the Great River, and knowing that he would have to venture far downstream, into the distant past, Sunny knew that even his current ridiculous level of strength was not enough to slay the kind of adversaries he would be facing.

The problem was...

'I am almost at my limit.'

There were very few things he could realistically achieve in a short amount of time to increase his power even further. The only feasible one was helping Nightmare evolve into an Ascended Terror and unlock his [Dream Curse] Ability. That was going to happen relatively soon, but after that, Sunny would reach a dead end.

With a lot of effort, he could potentially become a Terror. But even that boost was not going to be significant enough to change the odds in his favor. More Memories, and stronger ones at that, were not going to cut it either.

Sunny had grown a lot - more than any Master in history had, perhaps - but now, his head was pressed against an indestructible ceiling. The only way for him to leap to a new height was by breaking that ceiling and becoming a Saint.

Which could only happen after the Nightmare, meaning too late. Of course, he had recently learned from Ananke that people could Transcend without the assistance of the Spell - that path was open to him, but sadly, Sunny did not have a hundred spare years or more to slowly learn how to do just that.

What was left, then?

He frowned.

'Actually... I am thinking about it all wrong.'

Sunny had been a loner for most of his life, and even after learning how to rely on others and trust his friends, he still put a lot of meaning into personal strength. Which was not exactly unwise... but, at the same time, served as an artificial limit.

Although he had not lived through Neph's Second Nightmare, the lesson she had learned there resonated with his own experiences. Personal strength was important, but it paled in comparison to true power.

Take Antarctica, for example... Sunny had achieved incredible things there, but he had not achieved them alone. The evacuation of hundreds of millions of civilians was only possible because the government had mobilized vast resources to send the First and Second Evacuation Armies into the Southern Quadrant.

Without the Irregulars, without the mundane soldiers and thousands of Awakened who had fought and died to save the people of Antarctica, Sunny would not have achieved anything.

His personal strength was nothing when compared to the united determination of all those brave people.

...It was the same here in the Third Nightmare.

Sunny had to destroy a dire enemy - the forces of Defilement populating the corrupted city of Verge and the Six Plagues that ruled it. Dread Lord, Torment, Undying Slaughter, Soul Stealer, Devouring Beast... and Mad Prince.

So why was he only thinking about his personal strength? Wasn't the power of his allies also his power?

Nephis, Cassie, Effie, Kai, Jet, and even Mordret. They were as much a part of his power as Saint, Imp, and Nightmare.

Since Sunny had reached the ceiling of what he himself could achieve as a Master, wouldn't it be wiser for him to put his efforts into empowering his allies?

'This is it.'

Shrouded in darkness, Sunny slowly nodded.

That was the path he had to take if he wanted to survive the Nightmare. After reaching Fallen Grace, he and Nephis had to find the rest of the cohort. And once they found them, Sunny had to make sure that his friends - and Mordret too - grew as powerful as possible.

He had to make them into a force capable of defeating the Six Plagues.

For their sake, and also his own.

Sunny sighed and closed his eyes for a moment. The future... was daunting.

But when had it not been so?

**********


                                Chapter 1317 Difficult Questions
--------------------
Approaching the window, Sunny opened the heavy shutters and looked at the desolate landscape of Weave from the height of one of the Nightmare Spell Temple's bell towers.

The sky was veiled in impenetrable darkness. The waters flowing through the canals of the floating city glowed with iridescent radiance, bathing the empty streets in ethereal glow. Usually, the light of the Great River at night was dreamlike and beautiful, but contrasted against the forlorn desolation of Weave, it made for an eerie sight.

It was like a city of ghosts.

He sighed, thinking about the cruel fate that had befallen the followers of Weaver... and the creature that had driven them to extinction.

The Mad Prince.

A dark expression appeared on Sunny's face.

He was reluctant to think about his meeting with the Defiled Titan - or at least some vestige of the abhorrent creature that had found its way into his dreams. It almost felt as though thinking about the abomination would summon it here.

Nevertheless, Sunny had to consider what he had seen, and heard, in the harrowing dream. Because it was too ominous.

'I dreamt of being Weaver.'

The spider with a broken leg was, without a doubt, a representation of the Demon of Fate. It was not surprising that Sunny had dreamt of the nebulous daemon after witnessing the mural in the grand hall of the temple, and neither was it unexpected that he had assumed the daemon's role in his nightmare.

Weaver's blood was running through Sunny's veins, after all, and he too had an innate affinity to fate. The latter was the reason for the former, in the end - it was because of being Fated that he had stumbled on the egg of the loathsome Thieving Bird and received the forbidden lineage of the sinister daemon.

Sinister... Sunny had actually never thought about Weaver in such terms before. Mostly because he had benefited greatly from their tenuous connection, but also because there was no reason to. In all honesty, he had admired the mysterious daemon, with no particular reason except for the fact that the Demon of Fate was an intelligent, cunning, and fearsome deity.

But the more Sunny learned about the end of the Dream Realm and the Nightmare Spell, the more ominous of a figure Weaver seemed. And how could they not... who could be more dangerous than a creature that wielded knowledge of fate itself?

Sunny and Nephis had argued about the nature of the Spell, whether it was a fundamentally benevolent force or not.

He was inclined to believe that it had been created for a noble purpose... which was not to say that it was not a vile and terrible curse for the humans of the waking world... but he was also starting to suspect that neither of them really understood the true intention and scope of what Weaver had done at all.

The Nightmare Spell seemed like a tool to make living beings stronger in the face of encroaching Corruption. But there were too many discrepancies between what was apparent and what was hidden beneath the surface. The Nightmares, the slow but inevitable escalation, the sheer convenience of it all...

What was Weaver's true goal? How had the rudimentary version of the Spell Ananke wielded grown to become the pervasive and nearly omnipotent power that seemed to be as absolute as the universal laws of reality that the gods established?

Come to think of it, how had the Doom War ended? What had actually happened to the daemons, the gods... and Weaver? Where did the Corruption that had devoured the Dream Realm come from, and why?

Just like always, Sunny had no answers. More than that, these were not even the questions he had to ponder.

The Defilement was a form of Corruption that had spread from the Estuary, and there were six champions of it... Dread Lord, Devouring Beast, Undying Slaughter, Torment, Soul Stealer. And Mad Prince.

The Mad Prince, who seemed strangely familiar when Sunny had dreamt of him.

He shivered.

'...Why did he feel familiar?'

The Defiled horror seemed like a human... no, like a broken marionette of a human. He was like a flesh puppet worn by a boundless sea of madness, to the point where the madness seemed like the actual being, while the human body just seemed like its ragged shell.

Sunny still shuddered when he remembered the creature's eyes. The torment hiding in them... was like a chilling storm of insanity born from a thousand years of horror, agony, and knowledge.

Knowledge was the heaviest thing in the world, after all. As well as the origin of power.

And that was why he was very uncomfortable with the fact that the Mad Prince seemed so familiar.

Sunny had not noticed it at the start, because the abominable creature was too different from him. But when the Sin of Solace appeared... he had to admit to himself that the Defiled Titan and the sword wraith were eerily similar.

Which meant that Sunny and the Mad Prince were similar, too.

He stared at the ghostly landscape of Weave for a while.

'Have I... assumed the role of that abomination?'

Sunny and Nephis had discussed how strange their entry into the Nightmare was. Whose roles did they assume? Who could have been present that far upstream at the moment of their arrival?

He had also theorized that the Mad Prince might have died there, as evident by the piece of flotsam with deranged runes carved into it.

It was strange to think that a Corrupted Titan could have become an Ascended Tyrant... but not impossible. The Spell could have decided that it was the best and only option, slightly changing the rules. The Third Nightmare was different from the previous two, to begin with, with challengers entering it with their own bodies.

...That was one possibility.

The other, more harrowing possibility, was that the abominable madmen could have been the Sin of Solace from the future, conjured into the present by some strange quirk of the Great River. Ananke had said it herself that the flow of time in the Tomb of Ariel was often strange and unpredictable.

The Mad Prince... could also have been the future version of Sunny, who had either been devoured by the Corruption, or the Sin of Solace itself.

'No... no way. No way!'

He suddenly felt incredibly cold.

But it was too compelling of a theory to be discarded because of the outrage he felt at the thought of being able to turn into that bastard. The letters of the modern alphabet being mixed with the deranged runes, the ability to spread madness, the physical resemblance...

It was not only the Mad Prince, either. The description of the rest of the Six Plagues was also extremely ominous.

The Soul Stealer, who could wear the skin of those he killed. The Undying Slaughter, who was overcome by insatiable bloodlust. The Devouring Beast, who consumed the bodies of her slain foes... the Dread Lord, and Torment...

Didn't they sound like corrupted, twisted versions of the members of the cohort?

All except Nephis, who was incorruptible.

'It's too ridiculous of a thought.'

Sunny could reluctantly acknowledge that some form of time... distortion could have happened inside the Tomb of Ariel. He could even admit that it was quite possible for them to fail in conquering the Nightmare and succumb to Corruption.

However, what were the chances of all of them surviving that and becoming Saints in the process? The Six Plagues were vastly more powerful than the members of the cohort, to the point that an entire civilization of powerful Awakened had not managed to slay a single one of them.

Two civilizations, even, considering the King of Twilight and his people.

No, it was far more likely that Nephis and her cohort were pitted against Nightmare Creature resembling the perverse versions of themselves because of a little nudge from the Spell.

The Spell had shown itself to be fond of such ghastly, but poetic twists of fate, after all.

Still...

How had the runes of the waking world language ended up on the piece of flotsam?

Sunny remained motionless for a long time, looking at the desolate expanse of Weave.

Eventually, the glowing waters dimmed, and the seven suns emerged from the river. Sunny sensed the shadows move in the adjacent rooms, telling him that Ananke and Nephis had woken up.

He closed his eyes for a few long moments. Trying to chase away the heavy thoughts, he then dismissed Saint and Imp.

It was time to meet the new day. Hopefully, he would get some answers after reaching Fallen Grace.

'I need to strengthen Nightmare as soon as possible.'

The Mad Prince had invaded his dreams once, and there was no guarantee that it would not happen again. Sunny needed to protect himself while he slept, and since helping the black stallion evolve was also the only way for him to strengthen himself in the short term, he could achieve both goals at once that way.

'I'm going to have to craft some Memories.'

Luckily, with the Crown of Twilight supplying him with essence, weaving strings of it to create Memories would not be as taxing and long of a process as it had been before.

Thinking about how many soul shards he had and what Memories to create, Sunny rubbed his face and went outside to meet his companions.

They were going to leave Weave soon.

-----

[Author's Note: I am back from Shanghai. Participating in the Shanghai Online Literature Week was very fun, especially because I got to meet many wonderful Webnovel authors... and complain to Legion20 about how everyone says that I stole the name of Saint Tyris from Supreme Magus ;] I also listened to interesting reports, gave a few interviews, participated in a round table with popular Chinese web novelists, and refused to eat diced jelly fish twice... Oh, and I also received a shiny award, which is now resting on my book shelf! Overall, it was a very nice trip, and now I can't wait to get to proper writing again. The regular upload schedule will resume starting tomorrow. There will be two chapters today, too, but I'll post them a few hours apart. ...It's back to the basement for me, I guess :']

**********


                                Chapter 1318 Leaving Weave
--------------------
Sunny, Nephis, and Ananke spend several days in the temple of the Nightmare Spell, resting and exploring the forlorn city as they prepared for the last leg of the journey. These days were strangely tranquil and peaceful, but also bittersweet.

It was because the three of them knew that their time together was coming to an end.

The young priestess, who had been their caretaker and guide for the last few weeks, was not going to be able to follow her wards to where they needed to go. Fallen Grace, the city of Dusk, lay far beyond the boundary of where she was allowed to exist.

Such was the fate of all Riverborn.

Sunny and Nephis were both painfully aware of what awaited Ananke in the future. That was why, even though they tried to hide their emotions, a dark shadow was cast over their hearts.

The young priestess herself, meanwhile, seemed at peace with her bitter fate. An easy smile often appeared on her lips, and she fully dedicated herself to making preparations to send the two of them on their way.

Sunny and Nephis were going to have to travel far downstream on their own. They needed supplies and knowledge to reach Fallen Grace without Ananke, so she was busy making sure they would have everything they needed.

They gathered various resources from all over the desolate ruins of Weave. The young priestess also taught them how to navigate the Great River and recognize various perils hiding in its depths. Nephis continued to learn how to steer the enchanted ketch, while Sunny spent his time weaving threads of shadow essence and studying the Estuary Key.

Eventually, there was nothing left for them in the orphaned city. As the beautiful light of the seven rising suns suffused the cool morning air, Ananke led them through the empty streets for the last time and jumped lightly onto the deck of the graceful ketch.

"Come! We will sail downstream today."

Sunny and Nephis glanced at each other, then silently followed her aboard the boat. The young priestess watched them with a smile, then nodded and gestured to the steering oar.

"My Lady, it is best if you practice steering while I am still with you. Remember our lessons. You can surely succeed!"

Nephis looked at her for a while, her face motionless. She hesitated a little before sitting down on the helmsman's bench and taking the oar.

Sunny, meanwhile, frowned.

"Wait... what about you? If we are going to sail away on the ketch, how are you going to get back to Weave?"

Ananke shook her head.

"Weave stretches far downstream, just like it does upstream. There are several island-ships we will visit before it is time for me to turn back. I will leave you at the Lower House of Parting, where there are other vessels for me to use."

He hesitated for a few moments, then nodded reluctantly. Sunny had not come to terms with how they would have to leave Ananke behind, still... but there was nothing he could do, and nothing he knew how to say.

They had no other choice.

... But the farewell was not upon them yet. Perhaps he would be able to find the correct words in the days to come.

With a sigh, Sunny lowered himself to the deck. Usually, Ananke would sit on the bench at the stern of the ketch, while Nephis would be opposite him at the middle point of the deck. Today, however, their familiar positions were reversed - Neph was holding the steering oar, while the priestess sat down near Sunny.

He had grown somewhat accustomed to how beautiful the young Ananke was, but looking at her directly still felt strange. Especially because of how bright her smile was, and how heavy his heart was.

"Thank you, my Lord."

Sunny looked at her somberly, surprised.

"Me? For what?"

The young priestess sighed lightly, then looked at the desolate landscape of Weave with a wistful expression.

"For wanting to learn about my birthplace so much. I am glad to have shared its stories with someone. Very much."

He lowered his head and remained silent for a few moments.

"...Sure. No problem."

At that moment, Nephis took a deep breath, and then said something in a resolute voice. The word that escaped her lips echoed from the walls of the canal, and a subtle ripple spread across the surface of the flowing water. It was as though the word itself contained an invisible power capable of reshaping the world.

Soon, a strong gale rose, filling the sails of the old ketch.

It was both similar and different from how Ananke summoned the wind. Neph's Shaping was more direct and crude, lacking stability... but, at the same time, it contained a wild and fearsome will. As a result, the gale summoned by the True Name of the wind was able to propel the boat forward despite not being as strong as what the young priestess had been able to call upon.

The Word they spoke was the same, but the result differed. It was because of the nature of the Sorcery of Names - unlike other types of sorcery, which acted through fixed conduits like essence threads and runes, it used the Shapers themselves as the conduit.

Nephis was of a lower Rank than Ananke, so she couldn't channel the power of the Word as potently. But, at the same time, her body and soul were aflame with the divine lineage of Sun God... and more importantly, she possessed a True Name of her own.

Those with True Names were connected to the mystical side of the world much closer, would be influenced by the hidden powers of the world much more... and be able to exert greater influence in turn.

Which was why Nephis was able to control the ketch with a sufficient level of power despite not being a Saint like Ananke.

"You are doing great, my Lady! Speak the Names of Concealment next!"

Neph lingered, her face a little pale. The Sorcery of Names did not come without a cost, just like the other types of sorcery. Channeling a Word put a strain on the Shaper's body, as while uttering it did not consume essence, controlling the outcome did.

Eventually, she gritted her teeth and said the rest of the Names the priestess had taught her, arranging them into a Phrase.

The ketch flew through the canals. Soon, it broke free of the city boundaries and sped into the open expanse of the Great River, leaving the forlorn city behind.

They were once again traveling downstream, deeper into the past.

**********


                                Chapter 1319 House of Youth
--------------------
The next morning, they reached the first of the remote island-ships Ananke had told them about. It slowly appeared from beyond the horizon, illuminated by the dreamlike sunlight.

This one was different from the House of Parting. The artificial island was much larger, and instead of a solemn and solitary building, it encompassed a whole district. There were many houses, gardens, and water features, all of them bright and colorful. Despite the same desolation that reigned in Weave, this place seemed strangely festive.

It was easy to imagine how full of vitality it had once been.

Ananke's eyes glistened with nostalgia. She smiled softly and said, her voice melodious:

"This... is the House of Youth."

Sunny and Nephis looked at the bright island-ship, wondering what its purpose was. The sight of it was a little uplifting, and a little sad. Contrasted against the beautiful atmosphere, the emptiness seemed even more poignant.

The young priestess sighed.

"This is one of the seven Houses that Riverborn spent their childhood and adolescence at."

She lingered for a moment, and then explained:

"As you can imagine, children grow up differently here on the Great River. From the moment they are born, their bodies are beholden to the currents of its time. If brought upstream, they will swiftly reach adulthood... at the same time, their parents will have to grow older if they wish to remain with their child. In a span of a few generations, families will be torn apart, and a city will be broken into pieces."

Ananke shook her head.

"Of course, it is also cruel to thrust a child into adulthood while their mind remains immature. So, the Seven Houses exist. Actually... it is a bit strange for me to explain these things, since that is just how life in the Tomb of Ariel is. To me, it is the manner in which Outsiders grow up that seems odd."

She laughed.

"I couldn't believe my mother when she told me that kids outside just grow up inevitably, while remaining in the same place, and have no choice on when to become adults. How scary! Can you imagine?"

Sunny and Nephis looked at each other, befuddled. After a while, he cleared his throat.

"Yeah, I can easily imagine. But, wait... what is the exact purpose of these Seven Houses?"

Fallen Grace was most likely built in the same way, so it would be good to know. Plus, he was simply curious.

The young priestess smiled:

"It is simple, really. When a man and a woman decide to have a child, they travel downstream, to the House of Birth. The children are born and spend the first months of their lives there."

She looked at the waters of the Great River and added, her voice wistful:

"As the mind of the child matures, they and their parents travel upstream to the next House, where the kids become toddlers. After a year or two, the family travels to the third House, and so forth. This way, kids have a chance to have proper childhoods. It is a happy time for the families, and moving on to the next House is a big event for the children, akin to the Birthday Ceremony you Outsiders have."

Sunny lingered for a few moments, then nodded. The River People did not have the same perception of time as the rest of humans. They still counted time in months and years, but these measurements were simply traditions brought into the Tomb of Ariel by those who had come from the outside.

Although there were something akin to seasonal changes within the Tomb of Ariel, the idea of a solar year was meaningless here. So, the children growing up on the Great River would put much more meaning into traveling upstream and getting an older body than into an empty thing like getting older by an imaginary year.

Especially since their lives were not limited by the dwindling number of years that remained before they grew old and died.

Ananke noticed his contemplative expression and added:

"This last House, the House of Youth, is where our bodies reach the stage of the cusp of adulthood. The parents usually leave for the main city and leave the kids with other youths. Yet different kids reach mental maturity at different paces. Some spend just a few years here before moving on to reunite with their families. Some stay longer. Some lazy rascals even refuse to become adults for decades."

Her cheeks turned slightly pink.

"Uh... I might have been one of those rascals myself..."

Sunny smiled, imagining the dignified and wise elderly woman he knew avoiding the responsibilities of adulthood for as long as she could, getting into all kinds of mischief with the other young Riverborn.

Had Ananke really been such an unruly troublemaker once?

He shook her head.

"But wait. If that is true, then how would these youths have families of their own? They would turn into infants by traveling to the House of Birth, no?"

Ananke nodded.

"Indeed. That is why the whole city migrates some distance upstream each generation. That gives the young ones a chance to have children of their own. Of course, it also means that their parents grow a little older with each migration. But our lifespans are long... the future is more forgiving than the past. The eldest ones assume guidance roles in the Seven Houses, as well."

She remained silent for a few moments.

"Nevertheless, a city might reach a point where the older part of its population would not be able to migrate anymore. That never happened to Weave, since many died in the battles against the Corrupted, and those who survived too long usually chose to leave from the House of Parting. Our history also does not stretch that far. But downstream, where the great cities of sybils used to be, that was how new settlements were created. The young split off to start life anew."

Sunny and Nephis remained silent, thinking about how bizarre the civilization of the Great River was, after all. The way of life of the River People was indeed completely different from the outside world. Even simple things like parenthood, childhood, and growing up were entirely unlike what they knew.

'Life always finds a way...'

Which was why it was even sadder to see it destroyed, how it had been here in Weave.

Ananke sighed.

"There had been a single migration after I left the House of Youth. So, I will be able to guide you past all the Seven Houses, to the House of Parting far downstream. It should not take us more than a few days."

With that, she turned to Nephis and smiled.

"In the meantime, my Lady, I will help you grow accustomed to controlling the ketch."

As she and Neph talked, Sunny looked at the bright buildings of the House of Youth, which were drawing closer and closer... and then slowly drifting past.

He was thinking about what Ananke's childhood must have looked like, as well as about the bleak and cold childhood of his own.

Wasn't it funny? The young priestess, who had been born in a tomb built by the Demon of Dread from the corpse of an Unholy Titan, clung desperately to her childhood, not wanting to become an adult. While he, who had been born in the waking world, couldn't wait to leave that bitter page of his life behind.

...And in the end, they had both ended up in this ketch together.

Sunny sighed.

'It would be nice if the kids of the future... the waking world's future... could live like her, and not like me.'

That was such a strange thought.

**********


                                Chapter 1320 Childhood’s End
--------------------
Eventually, Ananke replaced Nephis at the steering oar. Neph looked drained after commanding the winds for an entire day... nevertheless, Sunny felt that her eyes were duller than mere exhaustion could explain. Throwing a questioning glance at her, he asked:

"Are you alright?"

She lingered for a few moments, then nodded silently. Sitting down and leaning her back against the side of the ketch, Nephis then tiredly closed her eyes. She had not slept since they left Weave, and although Masters like them could easily remain awake for days, mental fatigue still had a way of catching up to them.

'...I guess she doesn't want to talk about whatever it is that's troubling her.' Sunny studied Neph's pale face, then quietly summoned Nightmare and ordered him to guard her dreams. The tenebrous steed hid in the shadows at the bow of the boat, formless and watchful. Not satisfied with that, Sunny sent all but one of his shadows to augment him.

Memories of meeting the manifestation of the Prince of Madness still haunted his thoughts.

Later, there was nothing for him to do but continue weaving threads of essence. Sunny sat on the deck of the ketch with his legs crossed, his fingers dancing in the air. By now, he was proficient enough in creating essence strings to not pay a lot of attention to the process. Ut was a far cry from when he had attempted weaving for the first time and constantly cut his hands to the bone.

His painfully gained experience and the increased sensitivity that Bone Weave granted to his fingertips made it easier. Now, Sunny just needed time and essence to create as long a thread as he needed to weave a Memory.

It still took some time.

After a while, Ananke looked at him with curiosity and asked:

"My Lord... if you don't mind me asking, what are you doing?"

Sunny remained silent for a few moments, then turned his head slightly. He hesitated before answering, knowing how weird she was about all things involving the Demon of Fate. Nevertheless, eventually, he said:

"I am creating essence strings... weaving."

Her azure eyes widened slightly.

"You... you are a weaver, my Lord?"

'A weaver...' Sunny tilted his head.

"If you mean someone who uses Weaver's sorcery, then yes. Although I am not very proficient with it."

The young priestess was staring at him with reverence. He sighed.

"Why, were these... weavers very rare in your time?"

She nodded slowly.

"Extremely so, my Lord. The sorcery created by the Demon of Fate was not something mortals could easily learn... or gods, even. There were only a few who mastered it. One of the two High Priests of the Nightmare Spell was one such sorcerer - my mother told me that he was a shaper of souls and a master of all kinds of magic. Are there a lot of weavers like you in the future?"

Sunny slowly shook his head.

"No. There are a few whose Aspects allow them to create Memories, but as far as I know, I am the only one who truly knows how to weave sorcery, unbound by the limits of my Abilities."

He sighed.

"I never had a teacher, though. Everything I know, I've learned myself. That is why I can only create copies of the weaves created by the Spell, or modify them at best."

The young priestess looked at him silently for a while, then smiled.

"But, my Lord... wouldn't that mean that the Nightmare Spell is your teacher? How can there be a better teacher than that?"

The corner of his mouth twitched. Suddenly grim, Sunny looked away.

"...I guess. The Spell has taught me a great deal of things, indeed."

Ananke's smile widened.

"You are beloved by fate, then. I feel at ease."

He hid his face, not wanting her to see the dark resentment drowning his eyes.

'Beloved by fate, huh?' Sunny was indeed Fated. However, that did not mean that fate was especially kind to him... it just meant that he was wrapped in its strings like a helpless puppet, doomed to always be at its mercy.

In a sense, it meant that he would never know peace.

Not until he learned how to rip those strings apart.

'It's much more like I am cursed by it...' But then again, wasn't his fate to become Defiled, tear his face with his nails, and turn into a mad abomination? Wasn't that his future?

Sunny shuddered, remembering that frightening possibility.

'No, no way. I would rather die. I will die, if this is the only outcome. That stupid theory of mine has to be wrong. The Mad Prince... I will never become him.'

Closing his eyes for a moment, he calmed his wildly beating heart and concentrated on weaving essence strings once again.

However, his fingers trembled as he did.

By the time the seven suns touched the surface of the flowing water, the swift ketch reached the second of the Seven Houses. Mooring the boat to its peer, they camped for the night on the forlorn island.

It looked like a place where life had thrived once, but now, that vitality was gone. The children were gone, the parents were gone... and soon enough, the Seven Houses would be gone, too, swallowed by the eternal currents of the Great River.

In the morning, Sunny was awoken by the creaking of the windcatchers. After giving Ananke some time to take a walk along the shore and remember the days of her childhood, they left the artificial islands and sailed downstream once again.

It took them another day to pass the third House. By then, Ananke's appearance had changed once again.

She used to look only slightly older than Sunny and Nephis in Weave, but now, it was as if she was of the same age as them, or even younger.

By the time the swift ketch reached the fourth House, she seemed to be in her late teens.

The mood inside the ketch had turned dark. Looking at the endearing adolescent face of the young priestess, it was impossible to deny that they would have to leave her behind... soon.

The House of Parting was not that far away anymore.

Before they reached it, though, they had to pass by the last three of the Seven Houses.

...However, by the time they were supposed to come in view of the fifth, Ananke's expression had turned tense.

Because the artificial island was nowhere to be found.

**********

