Shadow Slave - PART 172
Chapters 1711 to 1720
==============================


                                Chapter 1711 On Thin Ice
--------------------
Rain was ready to step on the ice when something inside her screamed. Perhaps it was because of the subtle change in the sounds behind her, or perhaps it was because of the change in the currents of the wind.

Perhaps she had subconsciously noticed the shadow moving unnaturally around her.

In any case, she didn't hesitate even for a split second before throwing her body down. An experienced warrior did not alloy themselves to be ruled by instinct, but they also never ignored it.

A warrior's instinct was the result of countless hours of training and rich battle experience, after all. Blood, sweat, and tears went into honing it into a life-saving tool.

Rain dodged, and in the next moment, her side was pierced by a flash of blinding pain.

She spun in the air and crashed into the ice, throwing herself into a roll. A moment later, Rain was already on her feet, sliding back as she held the javelin between herself and the enemy.

A muffled groan escaped from her lips.

The Huntsman was spinning his grotesque battleaxe, a few drops of blood marring its heavy green blade,

'Damn it.’

Rain briefly glanced down to assess the damage. It wasn't anything serious - the axe barely grazed her, leaving a long cut across her ribs. But if she had been even a little bit slower, it would have split her open like a log.

'More stitching…’

It was a little absurd, but she was more upset about having to mend her bodysuit than about receiving a wound. Her body was much more resilient than the threadbare bodysuit, after all.

"You bastard..."

As soon as the words left her mouth, the demon took a step forward.

Suddenly, they were surrounded by silence. The Huntsman entered the vast clearing, his armored boot sinking into the snow. Simultaneously, Rain backed away from his towering figure.

They were like a fearsome predator and its powerless prey, the predator preparing for a lethal lunge, the prey raising its quills in a vain hope to save itself. The heavy javelin usually gave Rain confidence, but in front of the dreadful master of frozen forest, it seemed a fragile willow branch.

'Come on, come closer.'

She needed to lure him into the depths of the swamp.

But, to Rain's outrage, the abomination halted after barely stepping on the ice. The darkness nestling in his helmet moved mockingly, and he raised the axe, pointing it at her.

‘Curse you!'

The demon was just as smart as she was. So, fhe seemed to have easily recognized the threat that a thin layer of ice hiding the treacherous swamp posed to him.

Rain had expected as much.

She smiled darkly and continued backing away, increasing the distance between them with each passing moment.

Demons were intelligent, but they were also absolutely crazy, like all Nightmare Creatures were. She could allow herself to walk away from the battle if she wanted to. But could the Huntsman allow a human soul to escape from his clutches?

She didn't think so.

And indeed, out there on the shore of the frozen swamp, the demon's fingers twitched. He stared at her silently, making Rain's skin crawl, and then let out a frenzied growl.

Coming from inside the Huntsman's helmet, which was shaped to resemble the snarling snout of a beast, his growl sounded more than a little bit menacing.

Rain's mouth was suddenly dry.

"...Really? Wow, Come get me, then."

The demon struck the ground with his axe, sending a tremor through it, and then took another step.

An echoing, melodious sound resounded from below them as the cover of ice started to crack.

She prepared herself.

In the next moment, the Huntsman lunged forward with stunning speed. The wind howled as his massive body tore through it, the terrible axe rising to deliver a fatal strike.

It all happened very fast.

As the demon was advancing, his foot fell through the ice, and in the next moment, he plummeted down. Black water and pieces of ice flew into the air as if there was an explosion, and Rain felt the swamp tremble.

Cold drops pelted her face.

Of course, water alone was not going to slow the Huntsman down.

A human would have been rendered helpless by the need to struggle against its weight, but an Awakened Demon was powerful enough to shrug such a burden off without any effort. At that distance from the shore, the water was only to the Huntsman's waist, so he continued moving forward after a momentary delay.

But, still...

It wasn't a lake or a river. There was no ground under his feet, only the treacherous mass of the ancient swamp. Although the abominations managed to prevent himself from sinking... for now..,, its speed still dropped.

More than that, the moment he fell through the Ice, Rain was already moving.

And before the Huntsman could regain his bearing, the heavy tip of her Javelin had already crashed Into his helmet.

She did not get greedy with that attack. Greed was the third most common cause of death among experienced fighters, following directly behind arrogance and bad luck. After delivering a strong blow to the demon's face, Rain immediately pulled back and jumped away.

And just in time a split second later, his axe whistled past the spot where she had stood before, colliding with the ice and splitting it.

The attack was much too fast for her to perceive and react in time. If Rain had not anticipated the danger and disengaged in advance, she would have died.

Her side burned with cold pain, but that pain only made her mind sharper. Her heart was beating steadily, pumping blood throughout her body. Her muscles seemed to have come alive, making her body light and alert, brimming with energy.

It was a state of absolute focus and awareness, so heightened that it couldn't last for too long.

'Let's see which one of us is the real demon…’

Brandishing her javelin, Rain grinned and escaped the cracking ice, already searching for a way to deliver another blow to the frenzied abomination.

**********


                                Chapter 1712 Icebreaker
--------------------
Less than a minute later, a vast swath of the frozen swamp had turned into a ravaged scene of devastation. The pure white snow was washed away, the ice was broken and shattered, its shards floating in the black water like dirty glass. The water itself was restless, boiling and rippling from the furious movements of the Huntsman and the escaping gas.

The swamp was trying to swallow the frenzied abomination, but was getting battered by him instead. The demon would sink deeper from time to time, but then tear himself from the insidious embrace of the marsh... even though that struggle allowed Rain to survive so far, it was not enough to grant her victory.

She was breathing laboriously.

Rain had continued to retreat deeper into the swamp, and the demon continued to pursue her like a demented executioner. She had delivered more than a dozen strikes to him, but none dealt any serious damage - even when her javelin pierced the cracks of the Huntsman's armor, it felt as if she was trying to cut wet fur. Rain did do some damage to the hidden flesh of the demon, but not nearly enough to matter.

At the same time, her own body was not faring well, She had not been cut by the dreadful battleaxe again, so there was little blood... relatively speaking... however, there were bruises. In fact, after being tossed around by the furlous power of the demon's blows, Rain felt like her entire body was one glant bruise, by now.

And that was even considering that she fought as cautiously and cowardly as she could.

The Huntsman had much longer limbs, and his battleaxe had much more reach than the black sword her teacher had given her. So, even if Rain was willing to risk clashing with the abomination face-to-face despite being slower and weaker than him, he would have held a great advantage.

Stories like to speak about exalted skill and unbreakable resolve, but in a real fight, the outcome was often decided by the most mundane of things. Reach trumped skill, and weight definitely trumped will.

Well, perhaps it was different for the Awakened, whose power refused to obey common sense. But for someone like Rain, having a longer weapon meant emerging victorious more often than not.

Which was why she did not draw her sword yet, relying instead on the heavy javelin.

'It's alright...'

Her javelin was crafted from the same material as her arrows, and it was not as if a mundane human could not leave a scratch on the body of an Awakened abomination - in fact, it was entirely possible to slay one, just a bit hard.

Things would have been different if Rain was facing a Fallen Nightmare Creature, but then again, she would have never allowed herself to end up in such a situation. Her teacher tasked her with slaying an Awakened Demon precisely because it was not Impossible for her to succeed.

It was just that...

The Huntsman had proven to be much tougher than she had anticipated. Rain had expected to be powerless against his armor, but even when she managed to bypass it, the result was minimal. It as a though there was another layer of protection hiding behind the suit of rusted green armor.

Something had to change.

The demon was just as domineering and frightening as before, his movements just as foreboding... Rain, on the other hand, was starting to feel tired. Not only did she have to attack and dodge the terrible axe, but she also had to be careful about the ice - if she fell under it, then she would die from her own trap.

And with more and more of the ice ending up shattered, staying away from the black swamp was becoming more and more difficult.

Her lungs felt like they were on fire. And not only because she was pushing her resilient body too far - the air reeked, as well, full of foul gasses released when the ice encasing the swamp was broken,

Something had to change soon...

Luckily, a change was coming up.

Not too far behind her, and drawing closer with each frenetic sequence of offense and retreat, was a twisted tree. The tree itself did not mean anything, but the fact that it stood in the middle of a swamp meant that there was enough soll there to support its roots.

There was a tiny Island underneath the tree, which could save Rain, or doom her.

‘To hell with it'

Rain was about to take another step back, but then paused and stood her ground instead. Her body tensed like a powerful spring, and surged with strength. From her feet to her thighs, through her core to her shoulder, and finally into her arm - a powerful force was transferred and multiplied, and as Rain's torso turned, her arm flew forward like a whip.

She let go of the javelin.

The heavy weapon flashed through frigid air, dove under the Huntsman's axe, and plunged deeply into the crack on his rusty breastplate.

The power of her throw was dire enough to give the demon a momentary pause.

...Using that short moment, Rain turned around and dashed toward the distant tree. She knew that the abomination would follow... but it was slowed down by the swamp, sinking deeper the deeper they ventured into it. By now, the dirty water was already above the Huntsman's waist, and his speed had dropped significantly,

Rain ran to the tiny island, pursued by the sound of breaking ice and surging water.

There was just barely enough time.

Reaching the tree, she ignored the quiver of arrows hidden beneath its branches - without a bow, they were all but useless now. Instead, she grabbed something else... a bottle of hard liquor her teacher had procured somewhere the day she turned twenty. Currently, there was a length of cloth dangling from the mouth of the bottle.

His voice suddenly resounded from the shadows:

"W-wait... what are you doing, ungrateful brat? That's my most expensive bottle, you know!"

Rain ignored the startled voice and produced a brass lighter. She wasn't fond of drinking, anyway... no, really, what had he been thinking, gifting a young girl alcohol? What kind of attitude was that for a teacher?

Had her teacher been a delinquent in his youth?

Igniting the cloth, Rain stood up and swiftly turned around.

The Huntsman was barreling toward her like a frenzied icebreaker. He had long torn her javelin from his chest and snapped it in two, leaving the broken pieces far behind.

For a moment, her heart ached for her trusty weapon,

Then, Rain gritted her teeth and tossed the bottle at the demon.

"Catch this, you rusty piece of…”

The Huntsman did not even bother to move his axe, swiping the bottle away with his gauntlet.

Of course, It shattered instantly, spilling burning alcohol all over his towering figure.

The flammable cocktail was not going to damage an Awakened Demon.

But that stench in the air...

There was a lot of gas trapped beneath the ice, and currently, all of it had been released, surrounding the abomination like an invisible cloud.

And when the bottle shattered, the cloud instantly turned into a sea of raging flame.

Of course, Rain did not see any of it, because she was already diving behind the twisted tree.

**********


                                Chapter 1713 Fire and Ice.
--------------------
Swamps had a natural inclination to produce methane, which often remained trapped beneath the surface, forming voluminous bubbles of putrid gas. And those were only the swamps of the waking world, which were much safer than the marshes of the Dream Realm… well, at least they had been before the Dark Times.

In times of war, humanity had unleashed all kinds of weaponized horrors upon itself. So, today, there was no telling what kind of buried plagues could be released into the world if someone went around digging in the swamps of Europe or the Northern Quadrant.

The Dream Realm might have actually been safer, in that regard.

None of it mattered to Rain, though. What mattered for her was that methane was highly flammable.

And so, when the Huntsman shattered the liquor bottle, it ignited.

«Crap…»

Diving behind the tree, Rain pressed her body into the ground and covered her ears. In the next moment, she was momentarily blinded by a violent flash.

Then, she was assaulted by unbearable heat.

And then, the entire world shuddered.

«Ah?»

Rain was tossed into the air as the tree she had been hiding behind was obliterated.

That… was not supposed to happen. Marsh gas could ignite and burn, but not explode, and especially not so fiercely — at least not under an open sky.

Perhaps the flames somehow reached a huge pocket of trapped methane, or perhaps it had something to do with the pockets of gas sticking to the surface of the ice. Perhaps the entire swamp was anomalous, and the gas she had set aflame itself was unnatural.

In any case, the result of tossing the liquor bottle surpassed Rain's expectations.

By a lot.

Crashing into the ground, she felt the wind being knocked out of her and let out a suffocated groan. Rolling in a mess of limbs, Rain fell into shallow water and came to a halt.

«That… hurt.»

She was hurt and dazed.

But there was no time for such frivolous things as pain and disorientation.

Opening her eyes, Rain pushed air into her lungs, coughed on smoke, and slowly stood up.

The swamp around her had transformed, It had been a plain of pure white snow once. Then, It turned into a chaotic mess of broken ice and surging black water.

Now… It was a burning Inferno.

Ghostly flames danced on the surface of the glistening black water, and the air was full of smoke. The snow had melted, and the shards of ice were swiftly disappearing in the scorching heat. Everywhere Rain looked, darkness was intertwined with a fiery glow, and shadows undulated as they danced among the flames.

Rain was assaulted both by chilling cold and terrible heat. Her shirt was soaked in icy swamp water and sweat at the same time, which was a terrible combination. The ash she had smeared on herself to mask her scent had been washed away.

The cut on her side was pulsing with pain. That wound would have to be disinfected… a lot…

«Ah…»

She let out a long sigh.

At the same time, her sword hissed as it left the scabbard.

Gripping the black hilt with both hands, Rain took a step forward and left the shallow water behind, returning to the soil of the small island.

There was no fire where she had stood, and close to no flames where the twisted tree — nor a smoldering stump — had been. However, a fiery wall rose at the opposite edge of the island.

As Rain assumed a stance, the wall of flame parted, and a lumbering figure emerged from, stepping onto the island in the clangor of metal.

The Huntsman looked a little haggard. The moss covering his armor had turned to ash, and one of the deer antlers crowning his helmet was broken. There were cinders glowing in the cracks of his breastplate, and Rain's nose was assaulted by the stench of burned fur.

The abomination had lost his tattered cloak, but the dreadful battleaxe was still held firmly in his iron fist… even if its long shaft seemed charred.

Almost twice as tall as Rain was, the ancient demon towered above her like a grim reaper. The darkness nestled in the crack of his bestial visor was full of frenzied fury.

…But she couldn't help but notice that the Huntsman was hunching slightly, as if suffering from grievous wounds.

Her lips twisted into a dark smile against her will.

«What a pity. There's nowhere for me to retreat until the flames die… would you mind waiting patiently for a minute or two?»

Instead of answering, the Huntsman raised his harrowing axe.

Rain's dark eyes glistened.

«…Didn't think so. Well then, I'll just have to kill you bastard right here.»

A split second later, she was already moving.

Of course, the Huntsman was moving as well.

And a lot faster than her, despite weighing at least five times as much.

But Rain knew how he was going to act, and where he was going to move. It was not because she had a prophetic gift or could read the abomination's mind. It was simply because she understood his physical limits from doing her research and observing him in battle, as well as because of her knowledge of combat.

She knew how to wield a polearm and how one proficient in the use of a great axe would most likely attack. She knew all the elements that comprised such a suit of full-plate armor, how they were fastened to one's body and to each other, and what limitations to one's movements they would cause.

She knew that the demon would favor his right leg, because his right knee was not damaged, and that he would protect the left side of his chest more, since the breastplate there was cracked, and the flesh beneath had already been pierced by her javelin.

Most of all, she knew that the Hunstsman was boiling with demented wrath. That mad frenzy clouded his judgement, and made his actions more predictable.

So, she had a few advantages of her own.

As the flames danced and the small island quaked from the heavy burden of the demon's footsteps, she dashed forward and met him with a flash of her black sword.

The harrowing battleaxe would have split her in two if she had not sidestepped at the last moment. Rain had managed to evade the attack, albeit just barely… still, the length of the axe, and the Huntsman's arm length, were too great for her to strike at the towering abomination.

But she had not aimed at the demon's mighty body.

Instead, she aimed at the axe.

Just as the fearsome weapon flashed past her, the black sword fell in pursuit…

And severed the charred shaft cleanly.

It had avoided the metal bands reinforcing it and bit into the burned wood, slicing through it as if it was butter.

The axe blade sunk into the muddy soil, and the Huntsman's balance was suddenly disrupted without its weight.

Now holding only a severed shaft in his hands, the demon staggered and fell heavily to one knee.

The ground quaked.

In that moment… Rain could finally reach his body with her sword.

**********


                                Chapter 1714 Apex Predator.
--------------------
The enemy was in front of her, kneeling, and momentarily vulnerable.

Who knew how long that vulnerability would last? The demon would most likely regain his bearing a heartbeat later.

Everything inside Rain screamed for her to attack, to throw her body forward and slay the abomination before that happened. After all, she could not be sure that there would be another chance later.

Adrenalin flooded her bloodstream, and her heart thundered feverishly. Her pupils widened, her mind drowning in excitement, fear, and frenetic urgency.

But, at the same time, the memory of the teacher's arrogant voice rang in her ears:

«Bruise? What do you mean, it will leave a bruise? Listen, disciple… you should be grateful to your kind and gentle teacher for educating you so tenderly! The last time I made such a mistake, I was stepped on by a mountain. Not that left a bruise!»

It was the mark of a skilled warrior to keep a cool head in the middle of the fiercest of battles, And so, she suppressed her excitement, ignored her fear, and cast away her sense of urgency.

«Don't be greedy… greed will get you killed. It is a sin, and only those strong enough to bear the consequences have the right to be sinful… Rain did not abandon her caution and attacked calmly.»

The tip of her black sword slid into the seam of the Huntsman's breastplate, plunging deep into his side.

This time, there was very little resistance. Unlike her javelin, the dark tachi pierced the demon's flesh almost effortlessly.

But instead of leaning into the thrust or twisting the blade to wreak more damage, Rain immediately pulled it back and jumped away.

And just in time.

Although the Huntsman seemed momentarily dazed, and his weapon had been destroyed, his fist was already tearing the air with stunning speed. If Rain had been a split second too slow to disengage, her head would have been turned into bloody pulp. As it was, she had enough time to block with the dark tachi, and received the harrowing blow on its blade.

She was thrown backward like a rag doll. Which was the intended outcome. If Rain had been stubborn and tried to stand her ground, her body would have received the bulk of the impact. But by allowing her to be carried away, she dissipated the force greatly.

…It still hurt like hell.

It felt like every bone in her body was about to burst.

But they didn't.

Rain was tossed back into the shallow water once again and skidded in the mud. The ley water washed away her sweat and numbed the pulsing pain in her side, which felt almost pleasant.

«Ah… I need to stand up…»

This time, it took her a little longer to gather herself.

Feeling the mud starting to pull her down, Rain groaned and rolled onto her stomach, then staggered to her feet.

The black tachi rose into a high stance, sending drops of dirty water flying.

«How badly did I wound him?»

It had to be a pretty terrible wound… the black sword created by her teacher was even sharper, deadlier, and much more frightening than she had imagined. If the Huntsman had been a human, he would have been dead by now, his heart pierced by the dark blade.

But he wasn't… he was a Chalice Knight, a demon from the retinue of an ancient titan that had haunted these lands for thousands of years.

So, even though the wound Rain had delivered him was ghastly, it was definitely not enough to bring the abomination down.

She had done something equally important, though.

She had destroyed his axe, effectively disarming the horrid demon.

Looking up, Rain stared at the Huntsman

The abomination was still kneeling, his hands resting in the mud. Fetid blood was spilling from the seams of his scorched armor. The bestial snout of his snarling helmet seemed even more terrifying now, and there was dark liquid flowing from between the green fangs.

«Come on…»

Disarming the Huntsman was not that important, in and of itself. Sure, without the great battleaxe, his reach would shrink, allowing her to engage the abomination in melee. But he was more than strong and ferocious enough to tear her apart with his bare hands. Rain could hold out for a few seconds and survive a handful of exchanges, but attempting to fight the demon up close would inevitably result in her death.

However…

Chalice Knights were not simple abominations. These towering, armored warriors of the bygone era harbored a ghastly secret.

Rain had not learned that secret from talking to the Awakened who had ventured into the forest and faced its fearsome overlord. Instead, it was something that everyone in Ravenheart knew… that she had known from the day Seishan, Queen Song's daughter, killed the terrifying leader of the Chalice Knights.

The tales of that battle had spread far and wide in the Song Domain. More than that, detailed Information about the surviving abominations was provided by the town hall when it issued the extermination missions.

The bestial helmet of the Huntsman was no mere decoration. It hinted at his true nature… because all Chalice Knights were shapeshifters.

There was a rabid beast living in each of them, and when the ancient warriors faced a powerful enemy or was in danger, that beast came out.

The dreadful demon that she had been fighting so desperately did not even show the true extent of his harrowing power, yet.

But now… now that his axe was destroyed and his blood was pouring into the mud, he would.

And that was Rain's best chance to kill him.

Out of there, in front of her, the kneeling Huntsman let out a husky growl. His limbs flinched, as if struck by a painful convulsion.

Then, his growl grew into a deafening roar.

The demon's armor cracked… no, it was his bones cracking underneath it. His spine bent, and dark fur suddenly burst from the seams of the rusted armor.

Long claws tore through the metal of his gauntlets.

The transformation had started.

It seemed gruesome, and gruesomely painful. It was also deeply frightening — not only because Rain knew that the unleashed beast would easily rip her to shreds and devour her, but simply because watching something human-like suddenly change into something Inhuman was terrifyingly appalling.

None of that mattered to her, though.

What mattered to Rain was that, from what she knew, the transformation of the Chalice Knights took some time to happen. Even if it was just a couple of seconds… in a battle, those seconds were like an eternity.

She had been waiting to stake her life on that eternity the whole time.

As the Huntsman's bestial roar reverberated across the burning swamp, Rain dashed forward.

Her steps were light and swift.

Before the demon could assume his true form, before the echo of the roar was swallowed by the shadows…

She reached the kneeling abomination and brandished her black sword.

The dark blade hissed coldly as it cut apart the world.

And also the Huntsman's neck.

The darkness nestling in the crack of his visor gazed at her silently as his grow abruptly stopped, and the bestial helmet flew into the air, a fountain of dark blood spilling from it in a spiral as it spun.

It was a clean cut. The horizontal slash was performed with perfect form, thanks to the countless thousands of practice swings she had performed under the watchful guidance of her tutors.

The Huntsman's severed head fell into the water and sank into the swamp with a ripple.

His towering body swayed slowly, and then collapsed.

…Rain swayed, as well, and sprawled in the mud next to it. The tension drained from her body, but so did all her strength.

She breathed hoarsely, staring at the distant sky.

The flames were dying down, but she was still surrounded by terrible heat.

«Well… it's good. I won't freeze to death yet, at least…»

In the smoky silence that followed, a sudden noise resounded, sounding indescribably misplaced in this hellish scene.

It was the sound of applause.

Rain tiredly turned her head and stared at her teacher, who had finally deemed it necessary to crawl out of her shadow.

His voice was unnecessarily loud.

«Congratulations! You have slain an Awakened Demon, Chalice Knight!»

He smiled and added quieter, his tone turning warm:

«…Well done.»

**********


                                Chapter 1715 There Are No Washing Machines in Ravenheart.
--------------------
«Well done…»

Rain had just killed an Awakened Demon, but hearing her teacher's praise was strangely just as validating. Or rather, it made the act of slaying the Huntsman feel more meaningful… in any case, it was a nice feeling.

Too exhausted to move and hurt all over, she simply lay in the mud and rested. Her gaze was directed at the sky, which was as empty as her mind. Feeling too lazy to think, Rain simply stayed still and savored the moment, unbothered by the encroaching cold.

By then, the ghostly flames had been mostly extinguished, with only a few small tongues of fire dancing here and there above the ravaged swamp.

While she was spacing out, her teacher disappeared somewhere. Soon, he emerged from the shadows, carrying her bow, backpack, and other things she had left on the outskirts of the forest.

Placing most of it on the ground, her teacher then walked over and carefully covered her with her winter coat.

«Here, don't catch a cold.»

Rain smiled faintly, enjoying the warmth.

Her teacher, meanwhile, approached the corpse of the Huntsman, looked at it curiously, and gave it a little kick. Then, he circled it slowly, mumbling some nonsense in a hushed tone:

«Chalice Knights… Chalice Knights… wait, don't tell me. Were these the poor bastards who drank Jade Queen's nectar? Soon, there was nothing but bestial need left… huh, they might be. What fools! Even my little sister knows not to drink everything given to her by shady characters…»

«It's you… you're the shady character!»

Rain wanted to scoff, but then decided against it.

Instead, she asked:

«Teacher… can I Awaken now?»

She knew the answer, of course, but hearing it again would give her confidence.

He smiled.

«Well. You've already made great progress and learned how to sense your essence. I'm pretty sure that absorbing the soul shards of this demon will be the final straw and serve as a catalyst to make your essence Awaken. Of course, that alone won't make you an Awakened.»

Her teacher looked at the mud with a finicky expression, then reached into the shadows and pulled out an opulent wooden chair out of them. Placing it on the ground, he sat down and let out a satisfied sight.

«The problem is that there will be no vessel to store your essence, and no bridge between your soul and your body… at least that is how I understand it. However, you will be able to control your essence — and by controlling it, you will be able to create such a vessel, which is itself the bridge. A soul core. It will require time and effort, but with your level of enlightenment, I am sure that you will manage splendidly. When you do form a soul core… that is when you'll undergo a rebirth and become Awakened.»

Rain listened to his voice silently, then sighed.

«…How long will it take?»

Her teacher chuckled.

«I have no idea. That wholly depends on you… but, from what I am told, learning to control essence is the hard part. Forming a soul core is relatively easy, albeit tedious. So… a few months? A year? We'll have to wait and see.»

«I bet I can do it in a day.»

Rain didn't voice her defiant thoughts and smiled.

«What comes next?»

Sitting comfortably on his luxurious chair, her teacher smiled.

«Ascension is a step of rising above one's mortal nature. You will have to accumulate power by improving the quality of both your soul essence and your body. That can be achieved naturally, by slowly refining the essence, or by slaying powerful enemies. Once your essence reaches a qualitative change, the last step is to reform your soul core. That's… a bit tricky.»

He shook his head.

«The easier part of the process is learning how to access your Soul Sea. The harder part… sadly, it requires the knowledge of a soul refining technique. In the past, many such techniques were known to us humans, but sadly, that legacy has been lost. These days, everyone simply relies on the Nightmare Spell.»

Rain raised an eyebrow.

«So, what? I can't Ascend? Should I just go and jump into a Nightmare?»

Her teacher furrowed his brow.

«Can't Ascend? Who do you think your teacher is? Of course, you can Ascend! The fact that no one else has a soul refining technique doesn't mean that I don't, or that I can't invent a new one from scratch.»

Rain turned her head and stared at him dubiously.

«So does he have one, or is he going to invent one?»

Well, it didn't really matter to her now. She was not even an Awakened yet, so Ascension seemed distant enough to not feel real.

Even the Awakening…

Rain sighed.

«…I still want to challenge a Nightmare.»

She had decided that she wouldn't, but that didn't prevent her from fantasizing about becoming a carrier of the Nightmare Spell.

Her teacher stared at her somberly.

«What? Why?»

She pursed her lips.

«I just want to, okay? Fine, it's great that i can form a soul core and Awaken! But will i really be an Awakened? What kind of Awakened doesn't have an Aspect? Not to mention… not to mention that I won't be able to receive any Memories from the Spell! All those Awakened in Ravenheart are walking around in suits of shiny armor and wielding enchanted weapons. Clothes that clean and repair themselves! Quivers that never run empty! Best of all, they can just summon and dismiss their equipment instead of having to lug it around while climbing mountains!»

The Path of Ascension was too laborious without the Spell. Rain was willing to accept that finding her Aspect and Flaw would take her a long time, perhaps even longer than becoming a Master.

But the Memories… simply not having to launder her clothes would be worth it!

Her teacher suddenly laughed.

«So this is what it's about? Memories?»

Rain glared at him for a few moments, then gestured weakly to herself.

«A weird apparition like you might not care, but look at me… soot, ash, sweat, swamp water, mud, blood, and gods know what else! This is what I have to deal with after each hunt. There are no washing machines in Ravenheart, either! I'll need to wash it all by hand or pay a laundress… that's after I pay the healer to patch me up. And speaking of patching things up, these clothes need to be mended, too!»

Her teacher shook his head, laughing.

«Oh… oh, I see. So it's not devastating enchantments and mystical powers that you envy, you just don't want to do laundry…»

She opened her mouth, speechless.

«That's not true!»

He smiled crookedly.

«It's not?»

Rain gritted her teeth.

«…I also don't want to carry all that weight on my back!»

Her teacher leaned back and laughed again.

«Unbelievable…»

After having his fill of laughter, her teacher shook his head and stood up. Looking around, he picked up a piece of charred wood and scribbled something on it with his nail.

His nail cut the wood like a diamond blade.

A few moments later, he nodded in satisfaction and tossed the piece of wood to Rain.

«Here, catch.»

She raised a hand and caught the piece of wood, then hissed quietly when her side pulsed with pain.

«Ouch…»

Bringing the strange gift to her face, Rain studied the letters carved on its surface.

They read:

«You have received a Memory.»

She frowned.

«What's this?»

Her teacher shrugged with a smile.

«Treat it as a Memory coupon. What, did you think that only the Spell could reward people with Memories? Well, wrong! Your teacher is awesome, so he can make Memories just fine. Let's see… you killed an Awakened Demon this time, so I'll make you an Awakened Memory of the Third Tier.»

Rain blinked.

«You can make Memories?»

He returned to his chair and grinned.

«Sure! And, unlike the Spell, I'll even customize it to your liking. More than that… listen, I really don't want to badmouth the competition… but the Spell, it really has no imagination whatsoever. Why limit Memories to powerful weapons, enchanted armor, and mystical tools? There are so many mundane things that would make for an amazing Memory! That bodysuit of yours? I'll Memorize it, no problem. Do you want a pillow that is always cold or a magical toothbrush? Your teacher can make that happen, as well.»

He looked at her with a smug expression.

«Hell, I can even make a roll of toilet paper into a Memory. If you don't go overboard, it will never run out.»

«Why the hell is that bastard talking about toilet paper…»

Rain stared at her teacher for a while, then blinked a couple of times.

«Are you telling me that you have been able to create Memories this whole time?»

He nodded.

«Strange question, but yes, sure.»

Slowly, Rain's blood started to boil.

«So why… the hell haven't you made me any Memories, then?! Was watching me suffer fun for you?!»

He glanced at her with an offended expression.

«Huh? What are you talking about? I was always planning to arm and equip you. It's just that you are still a mundane human. Until you form a soul core and Awaken, your soul can't even contain Memories. Blame yourself for being so slow! What's so hard about becoming the first human in history to Awaken naturally, huh? Do I ask for much?!»

She took a deep breath and turned away, staring at the sky again.

«What an insufferable, cheapskate deity! Who… who can make Memories…»

Slowly, a few grandiose thoughts entered her mind.

After a while, though, Rain sighed.

«Well, It's good enough. Teacher is amazing! Sure, I won't have an Aspect, but having Memories is already great. Receiving them directly from someone Instead of earning them from the Spell is a little weird… I guess, it's not much different from how Legacies Inherit Memories from their clans, though.»

Her teacher frowned, then chuckled suddenly.

«Hey, now that I think about it, aren't you a Legacy yourself? Your big brother can provide everything a Legacy clan can, and much more on top of that.»

She looked at him scornfully.

«Oh? Teacher is like a Legacy clan now? So, do you have a Legacy Relic, then?»

He tilted his head with a smile.

«A bunch of them, actually.»

Rain blinked a few times.

«Does he really?»

Actually, she wouldn't be surprised.

«…Well, what about a Citadel, then?»

He grinned.

«A Citadel? Sure, I have one of those… it's a huge temple built of black marble, shrouded in eternal darkness, Granted, it's a bit of a fixer-upper, but what can you do? My Citadel is almost as old as the universe. The ambience there is great.»

She stared at him silently.

«That's great. Speaking of great, since it's teacher, there has to be a Supreme in our clan, no doubt. Should I consider myself royalty? Might as well, right?»

Her teacher coughed in embarrassment.

«Ah… well… technically, our clan doesn't have a Sovereign at the moment…»

Rain's eyes gleamed with triumph.

«His capacity for nonsense has a limit, after all!»

«…but we do have a Supreme Devil. I used to bully the little bastard a lot in the past, but now that he's all grown-up, it's not very fun.»

She took a deep breath, turned away, and stared at the sky.

The sky was indifferent and beyond reach.

«…I give up.»

**********


                                Chapter 1716 Grain of Sand.
--------------------
After a while, Rain felt rested enough to move. She rose from the ground with a grimace and went about taking care of her wounds.

Her teacher had made a fire from the splintered remains of the twisted tree, so neither of them had to freeze in the cold. Rain disinfected the cut on her side, then wrapped it tightly in a clean bandage. That would have to do until she returned to Ravenheart and found a healer.

Usually, she would have been lamenting the need to pay one, but there was a sizable reward promised to anyone who managed to slay the Huntsman. Not only could Rain afford a decent Awakened healer, but there would be enough coins left for her to replace the broken javelin, and maybe even upgrade a few pieces of her equipment.

«No, wait… actually, I don't need to worry about that anymore?»

Rain still had hope of Awakening swiftly. Even if she failed to do it before returning to Ravenheart, there would be no more hunts in the next few months — she already had everything she needed to form a soul core, so the best course of action would be to hole up in a safe place and patiently work on becoming an Awakened.

Once she was an Awakened, her mundane equipment would not be of much use. She would be able to draw a much more powerful bow, wear armor crafted from much heavier mystical materials, and even wield Memories.

Her entire arsenal would need to be changed. She would have to purchase a lot of things.

…Suddenly, Rain did not feel rich anymore.

She was so poor!

Full of sorrow, Rain put on her winter coat and approached the remains of the Huntsman. She stared at it for a while, then glanced at her teacher.

«Should we harvest his armor? It should sell for a lot of coins.»

He scratched the back of his head.

«Who's going to carry it all the way back to Ravenheart, though?»

Rain sighed.

«How can a deity be so useless?!»

«…Yeah. Still, we should take the axe blade, at least. To prove the kill at the town hall.»

That axe blade alone would sell for a hefty amount of coins.

She fished the giant blade from the ground and attached it to her backpack. Her teacher, meanwhile, looked at the remains of the dreadful Chalice Knight and clicked his fingers.

Several shadows suddenly rose from the ground and sliced the carcass apart, cutting the rusted armor like paper.

Raid didn't look at the bestial features of the corpse as she harvested the soul shards and sat down, staring at them solemnly.

There were three of them… the glimmering crystals were not too large, but to her, they meant the world.

«This is it, then.»

She had been striving desperately to reach this moment for four long years. Those years had been full of pain and hardship… but also joy, satisfaction, and fulfillment. And now, the final stretch of the road was right in front of her.

Her teacher sat on the ground across from her and smiled with encouragement.

«Go on. You worked hard to be here.»

Rain looked at him, remained silent for a moment, and smiled back.

«I did.»

With that, she unsheathed her knife and crushed the soul shards one after another with its pommel.

She felt a stream of power flowing into her soul. And then… her soul suddenly surged.

Rain struggled to describe the way she felt with words, It was as though her entire body was suddenly permeated by a cool, vibrant, nurturing flame, However, that flame simply passed through her flesh, unable to touch it.

«W-what… what is happening?»

Her teacher was looking at her with keen interest. The gaze of his onyx eyes was strangely intense.

«I can see it. Your essence is Awakening. It is as though your soul, which had been dim and drowsy, is suddenly coming to life. A soft radiance is spreading, and it is lively.»

He remained silent for a moment, and then spoke in a calming tone:

«Try to control it. Guide it throughout your body, following the roadmap of your major blood vessels. Your blood is circulating because of your heart… but you don't have a soul core, which is like a heart for soul essence. So, for now, you'll have to substitute it with your will.»

Rain took a deep breath and closed her eyes, imagining the map of her body. She could feel her essence flowing freely, chaotically, with no shape or form. So, she slowly extended her will and tried to guide it.

She had never been able to control her essence before. It had always felt like trying to push a boulder to the top of a mountain… the boulder was dead weight, it was cold and reluctant to move. The moment she lost concentration, even a little, it rolled back to where it had come from.

But this time, her essence felt alive and responsive. It followed her guidance, flowing slowly in a complicated cycle, At first, there was a lot of chaos and colliding currents in its flow, but as Rain deepened her concentration, the torrent of her soul essence grew increasingly stable and orderly.

Her teacher chuckled in amazement.

«Wow. On the first try? You're doing great!»

Rain did not open her eyes.

«So… how do I form the core?»

His voice was calm and confident, like an anchor that she could use to keep steady:

«The method is simple. Once you can make the essence circulate freely, increase the speed. Make it rush like a mountain river. Then, increase the speed even more, until it's spinning inside your body like a raging whirlpool. Make it condense under the pressure of its own weight and the pull of the rotation. You don't need to form the entire soul core all at once… one grain of sand is enough. Next time, you will create one more. And then one more. Sooner or later, the density of your essence will reach a critical point, and a soul core will be formed.»

Rain smiled.

She could imagine it vividly… it was a beautiful process. Like stars and planets forming from incandescent stardust.

She concentrated fully, making the essence circulate faster, and faster, and faster. The greater its speed, the more willpower she needed to keep the raging force of the whirlpool under control.

«Come on.., a little more…»

She could feel a condensed mass of energy slowly forming in the place where her heart would have been. It was not solid yet, but also not as ethereal as the usual state of soul essence. More like… a shimmering liquid.

And at the very heart of that mass, where the pressure was most crushing, something solid was slowly being born.

A tiny crystalline gemstone… so small that it could only be called a grain of sand.

«Ah!»

Rain opened her eyes and shuddered, her entire body drenched in sweat. The whirlpool of essence dissipated, and she sprawled on the ground in utter exhaustion. Her chest rose and fell heavily, as if she had just run a marathon.

The mental fatigue was even worse.

Her teacher raised a fist.

«Success! You did great!»

But Rain was full of bitter disappointment.

«A single grain of sand… did I really boast that I'll form the soul core in one try? Ah, so embarrassing! Thank the gods I didn't say it out loud!»

How long would it take her to create enough of these tiny gemstones for them to merge into a core? A month? A year?

Rain wanted to groan.

…But doing that would undoubtedly make her teacher way too happy, She couldn't let the enemy win!

She sighed, and then slowly sat up.

«I'll stay home for an entire month, let mom pamper me, and work on Awakening slowly!»

Disappointed? Who was disappointed? A whole month… or even several months… of doing nothing and being spoiled rotten. No biting cold, no blood and sweat, no hideous abominations and revolting corpses. Just eating well and meditating in peace. It was a dream come true! Wouldn't it be great, to rest for a few months while being absolutely safe, with nothing terrible happening?

«It sure would!»

Her teacher suddenly looked at her with suspicion.

His onyx eyes narrowed.

«What is this… I sense a familiar disturbance. Hey, you didn't just think something stupid in your head, like 'finally, the worst of it is over' or 'that demon is definitely dead, nothing bad will happen… did you?»

Rain raised an eyebrow and put on an innocent expression.

«No? Why would I? Only a complete fool would think something like that in the middle of the Dream Realm.»

He studied her dubiously for a moment, then exhaled slowly.

«Well… good, And, you know, don't use such harsh words. Some people — very smart people — were known to make small mistakes like that in the past. Anyway… time to head back to Ravenheart, then…»

**********


                                Chapter 1717 Rustle.
--------------------
Rain collected her things and holsted the backpack onto her shoulders. The axe blade was terribly heavy, which messed with her balance a little… but she could handle it. The frightful black sword her teacher had given her was already gone, and her tachi regained its shadow. She studied the familiar sword for a few moments, then sighed and sheathed it smoothly.

Rain was ready to leave.

…But she didn't.

«Uh, teacher. We might have a problem.« He turned to her and raised an eyebrow in confusion.

«A problem? What's the matter?»

She hesitated for a moment, then awkwardly scratched the tip of her nose.

«Well, you see. That explosion was much more powerful than I had expected. So… all the ice is broken. How am I supposed to get back to shore?»

He stared at her for a bit, then glanced at the ravaged landscape of the vast swamp.

Indeed, the little island was surrounded by nothing except mud and black water, with not a single Intact plece of ice in sight. The deadly expanse of treacherous sludge stretched all the way to the distant shore.

Her teacher lingered for a bit, then sighed and approached her.

Crouching, he pointed to his back:

«Climb on, brat.»

Rain didn't make him ask twice. There were ways to traverse a swamp, but none that were both safe and timely. Not to mention that she had just disinfected her wound and didn't want to get it wet and dirty again.

Plus, her battered body was exhausted. Why would she refuse a piggyback ride offered by a powerful deity?

Climbing onto her teacher's back, Rain wrapped her arms around his neck and smiled.

He lifted her like a feather, not showing any strain at all despite how thin his body looked, and headed for the swamp.

«Ah… how humiliating… a divine shadow like me being reduced to carrying ungrateful mundane girls… gods are truly dead…»

Ignoring his grumbling, Rain rested her head on his shoulder and allowed her consciousness to drift into a relaxed state. The familiar sound of her teacher's voice was almost like a lullaby.

Walking to the edge of the island, he didn't even try to slow down and stepped directly into the muddy water. However, his foot never plunged into the murky sludge — instead, the shadows moved and coalesced into a glossy black plate under it. Then, another plate appeared as he took a step.

Like that, her teacher walked across the swamp as if he was walking on a paved road, the black plates dissipating behind him after a few moments. The water sloshed and surged, but never managed to touch his leather boots.

«Huh, that reminds me of that time we fought the Drowned in the lost temple of Fallen Grace… back when I was still wearing the Serpent King's crown… who knew that I would end up becoming a swamp rickshaw one day? Damn, life is sure full of irony…»

Rain did not know what the words Drowned, Fallen Grace, and Serpent King meant, but they sounded exciting. Was her teacher a king once, in ancient times?

…No, knowing him, it was more likely that he had stolen a king's crown and wore it to gloat and boast about his nefarious deeds.

The walk to the shore was both comfortable and uneventful. Rain could have climbed off her teacher's back once they reached solid ground, but he simply continued to carry her without saying anything, and so, she didn't say anything either.

Perhaps he saw through her bravado and realized that her condition was worse than she was letting on, and that she was too exhausted to hike through the forest while suffering the pain of her wound.

Still…

After a while, Rain spoke:

«We should take down the corpses of the fallen Awakened and give them a burial.»

Usually, the Queen would have taken the dead. But the Huntsman must have prevented them from leaving on a pilgrimage to her palace, and as a result, their bones had been left unattended.

Her teacher stopped.

Rain couldn't see his face, but she felt a subtle change in his mood. Suddenly, the shadows populating the frozen forest seemed much deeper, and the world felt much darker.

Her breath escaped as a cloud of cold vapor.

«Does he not want to bother with burying them?»

«Climb off.»

He bent his knees, allowing Rain to stand firmly on the ground. She was a little confused.

«What…»

But then, she heard it. A branch snapping somewhere behind her.

Placing her hand on the hilt of her sword, Rain turned around and looked back.

There, she saw several human figures walking in their direction. They seemed like a cohort of Awakened… no. A Master and his retinue, perhaps? One, two, three people… one of them was waving his hand in a friendly gesture…

Before Rain could discern any details, though, something strange happened.

Her teacher's hand appeared from behind and covered her eyes.

She froze.

«W-what… what…»

Something was very wrong.

His voice sounded very calm… too calm, even, which only made Rain feel more nervous.

«Hey, brat. Listen to me very carefully. From now on and until I tell you otherwise, no matter what happens, don't open your eyes. Alright?»

She nodded slowly.

«Yes, teacher.»

He remained silent for a moment.

«Alright. Stand here and don't move.»

With that, her teacher removed his hand. Rain's eyes were tightly shut, so she couldn't see anything, but she felt him walking past to stand between her and the approaching people.

Their steps were drawing closer.

«Wrong, wrong! This is very wrong!»

Rain was not stunned by the fact that he had covered her eyes. What truly disturbed her… was the fact that her teacher had not retreated into the shadows.

In all the years that she had known him, he had never, ever shown himself to other people, It was to the point that Rain had considered him a hallucination at first.

But now, her teacher remained in the open in front of absolute strangers.

«Why?»

Her silent panic was Interrupted by his bright, carefree voice:

«Greetings! Who might you be?»

The sound of steps halted, and a deep baritone answered in a friendly tone:

«Greetings, greetings! I am Master Sean, and these are my companions, Master Skif and Awakened Ardon. We were on our way back to Ravenheart… are you headed that way, as well?»

Rain frowned.

«Master Sean? Master Skif?»

She had not heard of these Ascended before. Granted, there were thousands of Ascended in the world, but still. Each of the Song Domain's Masters was like a minor celebrity, especially those in Ravenheart.

There was something else that seemed strange about these people, too. She was standing there, frozen, with her eyes closed… but they did not seem to care enough to react in any way, Wouldn't it be natural to ask what she was doing?

Her teacher lingered for a few moments.

«Yeah, we were on our way back to Ravenheart too.»

Then, there was a long stretch of silence. Eventually, Master Sean asked, his voice sending a chill running down Rain's spine, for some reason:

«You look a little familiar, young man. Say, have we met before?»

The tone of his voice was perfectly friendly, and so were his words. But she suddenly felt suffocated, as if there was something eerily, maddeningly wrong with it all.

Her teacher's answer was a little somber:

«As a matter of fact, we have indeed met before. Although I doubt that you'll remember. In any case, why don't you and your friends continue onward? Let's part on friendly terms and go our separate ways. How about it?»

There was another lengthy silence.

Shivering, Rain heard a strange rustle come from the direction of the three strangers. Their surroundings were slowly turning colder.

«What was that rustle?»

«How about it… how about it. How how how about It»

Master Sean's voice still sounded human, but his speech had turned strangely incoherent.

Another voice joined, its mannerisms and Intonations too similar to the first:

«We are on our way back to Ravenheart. These are my companions… Master… we are on our way. How about it?»

Rain was still stuck on her previous thought, unable to throw it out of her head.

«What… what was that rustle?»

She had never heard a sound like that before.

Just at that moment, the disturbing rustle grew louder, and a third voice added amicably:

«These are my companions.»

«My companions…»

«My companions.»

«That rustle…»

«How about…»

«…How about you become my companions, too?»

Her teacher took a deep breath. Rain could hear his voice turning dangerously cold:

«Listen here, bastard…»

She had never heard such coldness in his voice before, and the unfamiliarity scared her.

«You might have managed to claw your way out of Dread's Tomb, but so did I. You might have survived in the depths of a thousand hells, but so did. So save me the theatrics and be on your way Otherwise, I'll stop being gracious and skin you alive!»

Rain shuddered.

«Skin… skin him…»

Suddenly, a thought flashed in her mind.

«The Skinwalker!»

The Great abomination that had been the nightmare of humanity for the past four years!

A Great… A Great abomination…

Three of the indescribable horror's vessels, no less!

Her terror was so vast that she couldn't even move. All Rain could do was keep her eyes closed and tremble.

«I'm dead, I'm so dead…»

No, death would be a mercy.

At that moment, Master Sean — Skinwalker's vessel — spoke with a hint of curiosity in his voice:

«You… whose companion are you?»

Her teacher scoffed.

And then, the world quaked.

**********


                                Chapter 1718 Sounds of Battle.
--------------------
The world quaked, and then, Rain was suddenly enveloped by absolute darkness.

It was as if an Impenetrable wall rose to surround her from all sides. The deafening cacophony of terrible sounds coming from the outside was muffled and dampened by that wall, and nothing but slight tremors reached her.

For the moment, at least, she was safe.

But those sounds…

Feeling a cold dread grasp her heart, she took a shaky breath and tried to comprehend them.

There was the sound of trees snapping. There were the screams of the air being torn. There was the roar of the ground being upturned.

These were the sounds that she could recognize.

But there were other sounds, as well.

Inhuman howls. Chilling groans that sounded like… like the world itself was weeping. Eerie and revoltingly organic rustling, as if a mountain of flesh was ripping as it expanded while consuming itself.

And many more that Rain simply could not describe, and was afraid to fathom.

The ground was shaking violently, and she was struggling to stay standing.

Her fingers turned white on the hilt of her sword.

«Teacher… be safe. Please…!»

But how could anyone stay safe when facing the Skinwalker? Countless people had fallen to its menace and were consumed, becoming vessels of the abomination's corruption. Mundane humans, Awakened, Masters… even Saints.

Not even the Sovereigns could eradicate this living curse.

Shrouded by darkness, Rain realized how painfully weak and helpless she was.

Just a few moments ago, she had been full of pride, praising herself for slaying an Awakened Demon.

But now, she remembered that in the world of the Nightmare Spell, she was nothing but an ant.

An ant who couldn't even do anything when her teacher was fighting to protect her.

«Strong… I want to be strong.»

She had not changed at all. She was still the same girl who had been powerless to protect herself, let alone anyone else, when the tide of Nightmare Creatures descended on her school.

…The world continued to scream and quake for several minutes.

Then, an eerie silence suddenly enveloped it. The tremors stopped, and the terrible sounds ceased.

Rain remained motionless, keeping her eyes closed.

She didn't dare to think about how the battle had ended. The thought of imagining her teacher… her teacher not being there anymore was too appalling. More appalling than what would happen to her if he was truly gone.

Suddenly, the wall surrounding her disappeared. She knew that it had because light suddenly shone through her eyelids, and cold wind scraped against her face.

The air was permeated by the smell of wet wood and soil.

«Please…»

A moment later, a familiar voice spoke from somewhere near:

«Brat, you can open your eyes now.»

The relief Rain felt at that moment was strong enough to make her sway.

She slowly opened her eyes and looked around, then froze in shock.

«N-no way…»

The frozen forest… was gone.

It was obliterated entirely, and everywhere she looked, nothing but a barren expanse of flattened and upturned land could be seen. The trees had been reduced to mere splinters, and the ground itself was broken, with dark fissures covering it like bottomless scars.

Here and there, the splinters were wet with blood. Buried under them, broken corpses of the unfortunate Nightmare Creatures who had populated the forest lay, their macabre sight mercifully hidden by the debris.

That scene of devastation stretched as far as the eye could see.

The entire landscape had been drastically changed in a matter of minutes, redrawn by the fury of the harrowing battle.

The scale of the dreadful destruction… was simply unfathomable.

Rain took a trembling breath and finally looked at her teacher.

He was standing a few steps away, as nonchalant as ever.

His hair was ruffled, and there was a smudge of something dark on his check… but other than that, he was the same pale, roguish scoundrel she knew.

Of course, Rain struggled to perceive him in the same light.

She had known that her teacher was a powerful being, of course… but this was the first time she really witnessed his power.

Where were the vessels of the Skinwalker?

Rain tried to compose herself.

«The.., the Skinwalker?»

Her teacher remained silent for a few moments, then silently took a step back.

Behind him, three human corpses were piled on top of each other, each missing the head and with a deep wound where their hearts should have been.

«Three vessels of a Great Nightmare Creature!… Rain swallowed.»

Her teacher had just killed three Great abominations. Just like that.

There was something else. Did she imagine it, or were there tiny shards of a broken mirror glistening on the ground in front of the corpses?

«W-what… how…»

Trying to comprehend the situation was too disturbing. So, Rain would rather think about its consequences… her teacher had revealed himself, and although they were far away from Ravenheart, such a drastic change of landscape would not escape notice.

Which meant that they had to get out of here as soon as possible.

Receiving the reward for the Huntsman was also not an option now. Rain would have to keep the fact that she was anywhere near this place a secret… It was a good thing that she had not shared her plans to hunt the demon with anyone.

No one could know that a being who could slay three vessels of the Skinwalker lived in her shadow, She would have to return to Ravenheart and lay low for a few months… luckily, that was what she had wanted to do, anyway…

Her teacher sighed.

«I know what you are thinking about. But, Rain… sadly, you are wrong.»

She tilted her head a little.

«What? Why? Because you defeated the Skinwalker?»

He lingered for a moment, then shook his head and pointed to the three corpses.

«No. Drawing attention to myself is not a good thing, sure. But actually, we have a bigger problem. This guy, Master Sean… I recognize him. He was an Ascended from the House of Night.»

Rain failed to understand what he was trying to say.

«…So?»

Her teacher sighed and rubbed his temples in frustration.

«Right. You don't know. Well… let's just say that members of the House of Night should not be anywhere near the territory of Queen Song right now. And they must have been fairly close to Ravenheart, moving in secret, when the Skinwalker got them. So… I am afraid that you and I have seen something that we were not supposed to see.»

She hesitated for a few moments, remembering everything that her father had mentioned about the House of Night and its relationship with the Song Domain, Was there some problem between the two? It didn't seem that way…

If anything, the Song Domain seemed to be moving toward having a problem with the Sword Domain, while trying hard to maintain a friendly relationship with the weaker House of Night.

All of it was very mysterious.

But, at the same time, Rain understood the underlying meaning of what her teacher had said.

«Something that we were not supposed to see. Got it. Promising that I won't tell anyone is not going to work, I guess? So… just how big of a secret is it?»

Her teacher's face was a little somber.

«Big enough for Clan Song to erase any witness from existence. Well… not any witness. But a mundane girl with no backing? They won't hesitate to silence you even for a split second.»

Rain felt a cold chill run down her spine.

«Damn… the royal clan?»

Why would Clan Song pay attention to someone as small and insignificant as her?

She gritted her teeth and looked at him stubbornly.

«I do have backing, though. My father works for the government… his rank is pretty high now, too. Surely, Clan Song won't want to spoil their relationship with the government because of something like that?»

Her teacher smiled wistfully.

«Ah, the naïveté of youth… first of all, you are overestimating the significance of your father's position. Second of all, you are overestimating the significance of the government. And lastly, you are underestimating Clan Song. Who says that anyone would be able to prove anything after they make you disappear?»

His smile turned colder.

«In fact, they won't even have to make you disappear. Technically. There's a guy among them who is much worse than the Skinwalker. He can destroy your soul and wear your body like a suft, coming to family dinners and gossiping about boys with your mother. No one will suspect a thing.»

Rain shuddered.

Slowly, the magnitude of the trouble she had gotten herself into was starting to dawn on her.

«Crap… crap. Crap!»

Who had made her think all those stupid things earlier? Spend months in absolute safety? Rest and relax while working on Awakening at a leisurely pace? Be pampered at home?

She had been such a fool!

Rain cursed quietly, stared at the three corpses for a while, and then asked her teacher in a hopeful tone:

«So what do we do?»

Her teacher was… whatever it was that he was. He had to have a solution, without a doubt.

Suddenly, she felt a lot calmer.

Her teacher remained silent for a while, then smiled.

«Who to do, Indeed. Well… I am sorry to tell you this, Rain, but you can't show your face in Ravenheart for a while. You'll have to disappear before they can make you disappear. We need to go somewhere where they won't be able to find you quickly, and spent some time there.»

She closed her eyes and asked, her tone turning a little grim:

«Where can I even go? Even if I can survive a solo journey to another Citadel, there is no city in the Song Domain where the royal clan doesn't have eyes. Crossing into the Sword Domain is not an option, not that I would want to leave my family behind. I can't return to the waking world without the help of a Saint, and even if I could, locating me there would be even easier.»

Her teacher scratched the back of his head with a thoughtful expression.

He lingered for a while, then glanced at her with a strange expression.

«What about one of those road crews? They are safe enough for you to survive, with more than enough mundane humans for one more to not draw attention, and best of all, far removed from all Citadels, They're lacking manpower, too, so no one would ask any questions. If I were you, I'd get myself hired as a laborer there and hide in the crowd.»

A sly smile appeared on his face.

Her teacher remained silent for a moment, then added with a chuckle:

«In fact, wasn't there a huge crew being assembled to construct a road east? You know, to Godgrave. Why don't you join that one?»

Rain sighed.

«Why not, indeed?»

**********


                                Chapter 1719 Story Time.
--------------------
«Mom… moooom… mommyyyy!»

Effie patted Little Ling on the head and smiled.

«What do you want, dumpling?»

She was sitting in a comfy wooden chair, staring at the wooden ceiling absentmindedly. The little boy cuddled comfortably on her lap, hugging her like a little monkey. He looked up at her with his bright eyes and grinned sheepishly.

«Story!»

Effie laughed.

«Story? Which story?»

Little Ling was suddenly very thoughtful. He remained silent for a while, a comically concentrated expression on his face, and then beamed.

«Mommy defeating the giant!»

She hugged him and shifted slightly, then said in a deep voice:

«Alright, alright. Listen then! A long time ago, in a faraway land, six evil Saints imprisoned Hope in a tall tower. Hope was very lonely in the tower, and cried bitterly. So, your mom and her friends decided to defeat the evil Saints and rescue her.»

The image of the damp stone cell under the Chalice Temple flashed in her memory. The smell of blood, the whimpers of the other girls the War Maidens, driven to madness by the Demon of Desire, were slowly «training» to death.

The graveyard of swords surrounding the ancient temple.

She chased the ghastly memory away and smiled warmly.

«Noctis, the Wicked Warlock of the East! Uncle Kai, who was a brave warrior from the Ivory City back then! Aunty Cassie, who was a wise priestess of the Night Temple! And, of course… your mom, who was a little girl! These were the four heroes who ventured to rescue Hope. Oh, and there was someone else, as well. A nameless shadow who had escaped its master and became friends with Noctis…»

Effie only had a vague recollection of the shadow devil who had followed Noctis, but it seemed rude not to mention him.

Her adorable son giggled.

«Huh? What's so funny?»

Ling Ling giggled again.

«Mommy is not little! How can mommy be little?»

She smiled.

«I was a little kid once too, you know! Actually, I was a little kid twice. In any case, after we, the four heroes, met each other and swore to save Hope, the evil Saints learned about it and sent a messenger to scare us. It was a huge giant! As tall as a mountain, with a body made of polished steel… but your mom and her friends weren't afraid at all. That was because the kind priestesses of the Goddess of Life had taught me the secret art of slaying evil giants, you see…»

Effie continued to tell the fairy-tale version of her Second Nightmare, just as she had done a hundred times before. For some reason, this story was one of Ling Ling's favorites… maybe because the very idea of his mom being a little girl excited him endlessly.

She had no idea why, but looking back, it had indeed been a bit exciting. Effie had spent her actual childhood either in a hospital bed or in a wheelchair, so getting a little taste of what it meant to be a healthy kid was… special. Even if it was in the depths of a ghastly Nightmare.

Of course, she had removed all the distasteful parts from the story, replacing them with fantastical and exaggerated adventures. Flying ships, eccentric sorcerers, fire-breathing dragons, and a happy ending. The sugar-coated version of the Nightmare of Hope had everything one needed for a great fairy tale!

«…And so, Cassie dropped the flying ship right on the evil giant's head! Boom! Crash! Bang! The ship shattered into a thousand pieces, and the giant fell down, making the ground shake. Auntie was perfectly fine, of course — she had jumped away just in the nick of time and glided down with the help of her magical rapier. A huge shadow was still…»

Just then, the door opened, and a handsome young man walked into the room. Way too handsome, even!

Effie smiled at her husband and took and exhaled slowly, trying to maintain a relaxed expression.

«Daddy!»

Little Ling jumped off her lap and ran to hug his dad. Luckily, this time, he remembered to control his strength.

Picking the boy up, Ling's Dad smiled at him and then glanced at Effie.

He was hiding it well, but she could see that the smile did not reach his eyes.

«It's time?»

Her husband nodded, and then looked at the little boy in his arms.

«Hey, wolfie. How about you and dad go on a little adventure?»

Little Ling seemed to be torn.

«But mommy didn't finish the story…»

His dad laughed.

«The evil giant story? I'll finish it for her. Or, how about it? Dad has an evil giant story, too! There are really too many evil giants in the world, now that I think about it. This one was named Goliath, and only had one eye…»

Effie sighed, then rose from her chair and stretched slowly, Then, she followed her husband out of the room.

They were currently in their spacious, sunlit cottage. It had been built from natural wood by none other than him, and had a simple, cozy charm to it. The cottage was the centerpiece of the entire farm, which was a rather idyllic place.

A beautiful view of the emerald meadow opened from the front porch.

Of course, the meadow had transformed in the last four years. There were fields, vegetable gardens, barns, and livestock corrals. There were also a few other buildings, some of them hidden in the forest.

Most of these buildings were built of wood, but some included more advanced materials — the latter extended underground, and served a different purpose.

These buildings included barracks, armories, and all the other essentials of a military base.

That was because the Beast Farm often moonlighted as a dimensional carrier for the Wolf Army.

«Boss!»

«Boss is here!»

«Attention!»

A scattering of soldiers stood at attention. Most were hidden from sight, but some had gone out to stretch their legs.

Little Ling waved at them excitedly, causing a wave of smiles.

«Uncles are funny…»

Effie nodded at the nearest soldier and said in a quiet tone:

«Assemble the troops. ETA is one hour, so be ready to be deployed at a moment's notice. We are going to spearhead the breaching maneuver by the Western Quadrant Defense Forces. The mission is just as the briefing said — push the abominations back and establish a fire line. Funnel the civilians, if there are any left, into the designated safe zone.»

The soldier — a rowdy-looking man who had been under her command from the first days of the deployment to Antarctica — nodded with a roguish smile.

«What about the big bastards, boss?»

Effie inhaled slowly.

«Don't worry about them. The government is sending the entire cavalry this time… we'll take care of the Gate Guardians. And also…»

She frowned and glared at him.

«Watch your language in front of Ling Ling, you reprobate, Aren't you already a Master? Why are you still so brainless?»

The man blinked a couple of times, then gave her a terribly guilty look.

«Oh… sorry, boss… I forget…»

He didn't seem too sincere, though, no doubt Itching to accuse her of hypocrisy and double standards.

Effie shook her head and pushed him away.

«Go get ready.»

With that, she turned to her husband and son, putting on a bright smile.

«Shall we go?»

She took her husband's hand, and a moment later, the three of them disappeared from the meadow.

Instead, they appeared in a room with alloy walls, situated in the depths of a government fortress. The furnishings were sparse, but there was a large screen displaying the arid landscape of the Western Quadrant on one of the walls.

Little Ling looked at the sand dunes with interest.

«Daddy, what is that?»

His dad smiled.

«This is a desert, wolfie. We are in the Western Quadrant… aren't you a lucky kid, to get to travel all around the world and see all kinds of places?»

The boy was thoughtful for a moment.

«Daddy… aren't you a little silly? It's a picture. Little Ling has seen a lot of pictures already.»

Effie's husband laughed.

«I guess you are right…»

He glanced at Effie and nodded. She remained silent for a bit, then patted Little Ling on the shoulder and said in her usual carefree tone:

«Dumpling… mom has to go to work now. Be a good boy and listen to dad, okay?»

He grinned and waved at her absentmindedly.

«Bye, mommy! Have fun at work!»

A second later, Little Ling was already asking his dad about deserts and sand. The handsome young man exchanged a poignant look with her, silently mouthed three words, and then took their son out of the room.

Outside, a high-ranking government envoy was already waiting for them.

Left alone, Effie took a deep breath and said quietly:

«I love you, too.»

Then, the smile slowly disappeared from her face, replaced by a grim expression.

She remained motionless for a while, then nodded and summoned her armor. Soon, her athletic figure was covered by a skintight layer of polished metal, as if she had been dipped in liquid steel. She also summoned the Starlight Shard, shaping it into two strips of white cloth. One was tied around her waist, the other covered her chest.

Effie was ready for war.

Well… as much as anyone could be ready for war. Which, in her experience, was not much at all.

Picking up the Black Beast Locket, she hung it around her neck and walked to the door.

In the corridor outside, two figures were waiting for her.

An annoyingly stunning man with auburn hair and green eyes, and a chillingly beautiful woman with pale skin and raven-black hair.

Effie erased the grim expression from her face and smiled mischievously.

«Hey there, handsome… oh, and you too, Kai. Guys, you won't believe what I saw in Bastion! Princess found herself a boyfriend! At least I think that she found him… she might have just kidnapped the poor man to do unspeakable things to him. I know…»

She froze suddenly, looked behind her with a cautious expression, then relaxed visibly and added in a quieter tone:

«…I know I would, if I wasn't such a prim and proper, virtuous married woman!»

**********


                                Chapter 1720 Hard day at Work.
--------------------
Just a few minutes later, a majestic dragon with scales that resembled the midnight sky was flying over the endless sea of dunes, devouring distance with stunning speed.

Effie and Jet were on his back, looking south with somber expressions.

After a while, Effie sighed.

«The situation has already changed?»

Jet nodded.

«Yes. The city wall is breached. Western Quadrant defense forces are on approach, but the Call is wreaking havoc with their tech. The Awakened vanguard was attacked by one of the lesser Gate Guardians and managed to put it down, but their advance was stalled. So, we will arrive first.»

Soul Reaper maintained a neutral tone, but Effie could see that she was in a grim mood.

«It's not your fault. Don't beat yourself up too much.»

Jet glanced at her and smiled.

«My fault? Of course, it's not my fault. I am not someone who feels bothered by such things, anyway.»

But despite her tough-girl routine and carefully constructed facade of a cynical salary woman, she was bothered.

Effie had gotten to know Soul Reaper Jet a bit during the Southern Campaign, but they became really close during the Third Nightmare. And in the four years since, their friendship and comradeship had continued to blossom.

Jet… was a professional, first and foremost. She wasn't really someone with a bleeding heart — the opposite, actually — but she took her responsibilities very seriously. As such, her cynical loyalty to the mission of preserving humanity was quite ironically much greater than the noble intent of most ardent idealists.

She had already been doing her very best as a Master. But now that Jet was a Saint- one of the five Saints serving the government — the scale and scope of her responsibilities were much greater.

While Effie and Kai mostly dealt with military and diplomatic issues, simply executing the orders, Jet was much more knowledgeable and experienced. As such, she was involved in the administration and decision-making process of the government, influencing what orders all of them received.

The government was in turmoil, too. It was in flux, drifting on the currents of history. Four years ago, the higher echelons of the government had made a decision to throw vast resources into rapidly developing its presence in the Dream Realm… where the future was.

That was why Effie was almost permanently stationed in Bastion, while Kal spent most of his time in Ravenheart.

Jet, however, had been against that strategy. She had insisted on keeping the government Saints in the waking world, spread across the three remaining Quadrants, to lessen the inevitable losses as much as possible… even at the cost of the future inferiority of the government's position in the brave new world of Domains and Sovereigns.

It was not that she disagreed with the notion that the future of humanity lay in the Dream Realm… it was just that she advocated for a different allocation of resources.

Sadly, she had failed to turn her opinion into policy.

If she had, the current disaster could have been avoided, or at least lessened.

Effie sighed.

«You're angry. I can smell that you're angry. Well, guess what? There's nothing better for treating anger than a good slaughter. And we'll be drowning in abominations in a few minutes, so… there's no day like today…»

Jet chuckled.

«You are right. Sure. But also… let's not use the word 'slaughter, okay? Makes me queasy.»

At that moment, Kai's pleasant voice resounded in their heads:

[Ladies, If you feel queasy and are going to be sick, please wait until I land, at least, Really, don't go around despoiling my scales… I have an image to uphold…]

Effie grinned.

«Oh? What about your Image? Who are you trying to Impress, Queen Song's daughters?»

The dragon didn't respond to her provocation. Instead, he lingered for a while, and then asked:

[How is Aiko doing?]

Effie sighed.

«Come ask her yourself. She's still pretending to be angry. Oh… but she's doing fine, by the way! Her new boss is kind, handsome, and treats her very well.»

Kai answered nonchalantly:

[I'm glad. As long as she's doing well.]

A few seconds later, he asked in the same neutral tone:

[…Just out of curiosity, how handsome are we talking? What about his style? Who makes his clothes?]

Effie grinned and chose not to answer.

In front of them, the sea of dunes slowly turned into a desolate plain, with a vast, dried riverbed cutting it like an endless scar. Far away, on the opposite side of the immense chasm, a large city stood where the river's shore had once been, shrouded in haze.

Their banter abruptly stopped.

The city was burning, with towering plumes of black smoke rising into the piercing blue sky. Even from that distance, Effie could see the signs of cataclysmic devastation. The toll of human lives must have been terrible.

Kal, with his incredible sight, could see much more. He didn't say anything, but his silence suddenly seemed sorrowful and forlorn.

Effie gritted her teeth and looked away.

«Do you see it, Kai? Was the last transmission accurate?»

The dragon folded his wings and rushed toward the ground.

His voice was even.

[Yes. Seven Gates. Six of them Category Three… one Category Four. The Gate Guardian of the latter seems to be a Great Devil.]

He paused for a moment, then added:

[The city is overwhelmed, a horde of abominations is rampaging on the streets. The local garrison seems to have fallen.]

Jet closed her eyes for a moment.

«It's good, then.»

Kai asked quietly, the emotions in his voice suppressed:

[Good?]

She nodded.

«Yes. If the abominations are rampaging, it means that there's still someone alive.»

A moment later, the dragon landed on the ground, raising a cloud of dust. Jet and Effie jumped off his back and approached the edge of the dry riverbed's slope.

Out there below them, the hastily assembled army of the Western Quadrant was assembling into a formation to assault the fallen city. In front of the mundane soldiers, the battered Awakened vanguard was finishing off a wave of Nightmare Creatures that had wandered away from the burning ruins.

They had noticed the flamboyant landing of the great dragon, and were now looking back, cheering and waving their heads in the air.

Kai's fame preceded him.

Effie cracked her knuckles and asked, her voice uncharacteristically somber:

«A Great Devil… can we even handle something like that?»

All three of them had become immensely powerful after Transcending. The battles they had won were beyond count, and the Nightmare Creatures they had killed were beyond measure… and yet, they had never faced a horror like that before.

Only the Sovereigns had.

Facing a Great Devil was a first for them… and could very well become the last.

A relaxed smile appeared on Jet's face.

«What's the matter? If push comes to shove, we'll Just die. Well… the two of you will die. I'm already dead.»

Above them, the dragon scoffed. His magnificent voice resounded above the desert, making Effie's heart tingle…

That was just something Kai's draconic voice did, even if he did not use his Aspect Abilities.

«Still. We should try to stay alive… well, Effie and I should. You just stay in one piece, Lady Jet.»

She chuckled.

«Alright. As we've discussed before, Kai will support the Western Quadrant forces in their advance. Effie and I will spearhead the assault, push back the abominations, and engage the Gate Guardian. There's nothing else to say. Godspeed!»

The beautiful dragon nodded its great head, then pushed himself off the ground and glided gracefully toward the assembled army.

Jet looked at Effie, already summoning her scythe.

She lingered for a moment, and then said in a tone that was a little gentler than usual:

«But seriously… don't die, Effie, Nightingale and I can die, but you can't. You know why. There are people waiting for you to return.»

For a moment, Effie felt her heart tremble… just like it did every time she went into battle.

It had been easy to risk her life before, when she was young. But now, she had things to protect, and people whom she did not want to and could not allow herself to leave. Every time death snarled in her face, Effie felt… guilt, and shame.

And fear.

What was she doing on the battlefield when her husband and son were somewhere else, waiting for her?

Why was she being so stupid when she could have remained safe behind a Citadel wall, in their idyllic cottage, allowing someone else to fight, and bleed, and die in her place?

But then, she remembered.

It was precisely because of Little Ling and his dad that she was here.

Because someone had to prevent the world from collapsing on their heads and burying them under the rubble. Effie didn't particularly trust someone else to not mess everything up, so she had to build a world where her son could live a decent life with her own two hands.

Thankfully, her hands were quite strong.

If you wanted to do something right, you had to do it yourself.

Looking at Jet, Effie grinned.

«Why do you always talk about dying, big sister? Not everyone is like you! I'm not planning on kicking the bucket any time soon. That would be such a tragedy… imagine all the food I would not be able to eat!»

Laughing lightly, she shook her head… And activate her Transformation Ability.

…A moment later, a titanic figure clad in polished steel rose from the dust, shining brilliantly under the incandescent sun.

**********

