Shadow Slave - PART 198
Chapters 1971 to 1980
==============================


                                Chapter 1971 Rumor Mill
--------------------
Rain was stirred awake by the blaring of a war horn. Opening her eyes to a stark darkness, she sighed and pulled a piece of fabric off her face — the cloth was nothing more than one of her shirts rolled to resemble a blindfold, which she used to block out the light.

Almost every soldier in Godgrave had been forced to seek out darkness in some way or another. The perpetual radiance of the murderous sky was both oppressive and a source of constant fear, but most of all, it was exhausting. It was bright almost everywhere one went, which made sleep elusive. So, they had learned ways to cope with the hateful absence of darkness and night.

Rain's way was on the primitive side, but it still let her sleep in peace. Which was why she was quite unhappy to have been awoken so early. ‘What the hell is going on...‘

She would have been hurriedly summoning her battle Memories before, but now that the Queen was with them, the camp of the Song Army was much safer. It was highly unlikely that there was immediate danger, so Rain took her time.

Yawning, she stretched, then summoned the Puppeteer's Shroud and climbed out of her tent as soon as the soft grey fabric covered her pale skin. A wave of heat assaulted her outside, and Rain saw that the camp was boiling with strange activity.

The soldiers were rushing, the hideous thralls were being saddled, and the pilgrims were moving silently between the tents. Far in the distance, the main gates of the camp were opening slowly.

Rain studied the commotion somberly.

"Good morning."

Turning around, she saw Tamar standing with her arms crossed a few steps away. Beside her, Ray and Fleur were starting a fire to prepare food.

Rain raised an eyebrow.

"Is it morning?"

The young Legacy shrugged.

"I might as well be. Does it matter?"

Rain failed to suppress another yawn and shook her head.

Walking to the fire pit, she asked:

"What is going on?"

Ray, who had been trying to fire up the kindling with a mundane flint, looked up at her in surprise.

"You haven't heard?"

Rain stared at him for a moment, then took the flint from his hands and ignited the kindling on the first try.

"How would I have heard anything while asleep?"

Everything had been fine yesterday.

A corner of Tamar's mouth curled upward a little. She took a seat near the fire and summoned a spatial storage Memory... which had been the source of endless envy for Rain ever since the Legacy girl received it from the Saint of Sorrow.

Taking out their provisions and a can of powdered coffee — another luxury item — Tamar handed them to Fleur and spoke:

"The news reached the camp a few hours ago — there was another clash with the forces of the Sword Domain. Congratulations. You slept through the second human battle of this war."

Rain froze for a moment, feeling a cold shiver travel down her spine. Her mood was instantly spoiled.

She sighed.

"Oh yeah? Was it on the crossing to the Breastbone Reach?"

That was where the first major battleground of the Realm War would be, and where the Seventh Legion would be marching for in a few days.

Tamar slowly shook her head, her expression turning a hit dark.

"No. It happened near the crossing from the Right Arm to the Collarbone Plain, behind us. A supply caravan was attacked... by the Lord of Shadows."

Now that was concerning news.

Rain threw a sidelong glance at her shadow, wondering how her teacher felt about someone wielding a similar authority launching an attack on the Song Army.

There was a lot of talk about the Lord of Shadows in the camp these days, painting him to be some kind of a monster. Well, it wasn't that uncalled-for -— after all, he had crossed blades with Princess Revel and lived to tell the tale.

No one would have been surprised if someone like Changing Star or Morgan of Valor had done the same, but for an entirely unknown Saint to prove himself capable of facing the First Princess in battle was a disturbing revelation. Added to the sinister reputation and mysterious nature of the Lord of Shadows, wild rumors about him were bound to spread.

The situation was not helped by the fact that very few people in the Song camp had ever seen him, like her cohort members had.

Rain suddenly felt tense.

"...How did the Lord of Shadows and his troops manage to reach our rear without being noticed?"

Ray shivered.

"That's the thing. There were no troops... the madman attacked the caravan alone."

The young man seemed stuck somewhere between terror and awe. "And it wasn't a harassment attack, either. He actually obliterated the entire caravan. Alone."

Rain froze.

She had seen these supply caravans entering the camp. They were not an easy target... far from it, actually. Each was guarded by hundreds of Awakened warriors, several cohorts of Masters, scores of powerful thralls — many of them of the Corrupted Rank — and now escorted by the Queen's pilgrims.

One Saint obliterated them all? How was that possible?

...Were the rumors about the Lord of Shadows not as exaggerated as she had thought?

Both the rumors about his frightening power and the rumors about him being a monster.

Fleur placed a coffee pot on the fire and sighed.

"That is not the strangest part, though."

Rain glanced at her.

"It isn‘t?"

The delicate girl nodded, her expression strangely similar to one of relief.

"The Lord of Shadow did not just destroy the caravan. For some reason, he spared every human guarding it. He killed the thralls and the pilgrims, but left the soldiers alive."

Tamar's subtle smile widened a little.

"Don't we know the reason? He said it himself. It was because Lady Changing Star had asked him to be merciful."

She seemed strangely cheerful despite the slap dealt: to the Song Army. Rain, meanwhile, was a little dumbfounded.

She could easily believe that Lady Nephis had asked the sellsword Saint to be merciful. She could even believe that the Lord of Shadows would actually listen to her...

But subduing so many warriors? Not killing them, but defeating them without taking a single life?

Just how terrifying did one's power have to be to achieve a feat like that?

She felt both disturbed and relieved. Relieved because her fellow soldiers had been spared, and disturbed because the nebulous figure of the Lord of Shadows seemed even more frightening now.

What would happen on the day the enemy decided not to stay his blade?

Ray cursed quietly.

"I told you all that he was a scary bastard. The first time I saw him... gods. He said... Dreamer Ray, I've decided not to kill you! As if killing me was the default option! If not for Lady Nephis, I would have probably died right there and then."

Fleur looked at him scornfully.

"But he saved our lives, in the end. Show some gratitude."

Ray spared her an apologetic smile.

Tamar sighed, took the cup of fragrant coffee that Fleur offered her, and said:

"In any case, the remnants of the caravan are still on the Right Arm. They are alive, but many are wounded — so, the army is sending a rescue force to bring them back. We'll know more once they reach the camp."

Then, her expression changed, and she looked around in confusion.

"But... what was that noise?"

Rain scratched the back of her head, receiving her own cup of coffee. "What noise? I didn't hear anything."

She was lying through her teeth, though.

She did hear it.

'What the hell?!‘

Tamar frowned.

"I am sure I heard something. Sounded like... humming?"

**********


                                Chapter 1972 Private Conversation
--------------------
Rain took a sip of coffee, hiding her face behind the tin cup.

She had heard it too!

After all, the humming had come from her own shadow.

'What is this fool doing?!’

Feeling pins and needles, she gulped down the scalding coffee and forced out a smile.

"Well, anyway. I’ll go take a walk... I mean, Visit the baths. Thank you kindly, Fleur, the coffee was delicious."

She had to get away from her companions as quickly as possible, in case her teacher was planning to start whistling or actually break into a song.

Rain was truly flabbergasted. He had always been flawlessly cautious when around other people... what; could have made him commit such a ridiculous mistake?

Putting the cup down, she stood up, stretched one more time, and headed away from their small cluster of tents.

"Wait, Rani! Aren't you going to eat breakfast?"

Rain waved a hand and answered Tamar in a carefree tone:

"Later! I'm not very hungry."

'Damnation...‘

She needed to find somewhere private to talk to her teacher. Sadly, privacy was not very common in the crowded camp of the Song Army... still, she knew a place or two.

In fact, many soldiers did, since everyone needed privacy from time to time, for one reason or another — some as innocent as simply wanting to be alone, some a bit more salacious.

The place Rain had chosen was situated at the back of a large warehouse where the building materials were stored, not far from the towering Dream Gate. Now that the walls of the camp had been built, and the Queen was here, making damaging them a tall task for the Nightmare Creatures inhabiting Godgrave, very few people visited the warehouse, let alone walked around it.

She knew this place well.

Squeezing into a narrow space between the wall of the warehouse and a neat pile of stone slabs unloaded behind it, she leaned her back against one of them and closed her eyes for a moment.

Then, she looked at her shadow angrily and hissed:

"Hey! What was that?!"

Her shadow remained silent for a bit.

Then, it answered in an absentminded tone:

"Huh? What was what?"

Rain opened her mouth, losing the ability to talk for a second.

"The humming! Why the hell were you humming before?"

A second shadow emerged from her own and scratched the back of its head.

"...Was I humming? Oh... sorry. It must have been because I'm in a really good mood."

'Hc finally lost what little remained of his mind!‘

Rain didn't even know what to say.

Her teacher, meanwhile, assumed a human form, leaning on the wall of the warehouse across from her. He did indeed seem to be in a strangely good mood, with a subtle smile on his lips and a distant look in his eyes.

Rain had not seen him in the flesh for a long time, so being face—to—face once again warmed her heart. Still, she tried to maintain a stern expression.

He couldn‘t be so careless again!

Her teacher, meanwhile, gave her a long look.

"Right. Since we are already here, I actually wanted to talk to you about something."

Rain raised an eyebrow.

"Oh? Well... good."

He smiled.

"What, did you miss me?"

She raised her chin a little and looked at him with disdain.

"As if!"

...That was a lie. She had, indeed, missed him quite a bit. They had not seen each other in a long while, after all.

Her teacher laughed.

"How heartless. So, you didn't really want to see me..."

He let out a sigh and shook his head sadly.

"And here I was, all excited to show you all the wonderful new Memories I prepared for you..."

Rain eyes glistened. Taking a step forward, she grabbed his arm and looked at him with an expression of utter devotion.

"Teacher! Your student missed you so much! My heart ached so terribly at being unable to see you that I couldn't sleep at all... so I just counted days and hours, finding solace in the memories of how benevolent and amazing you are..."

He stared at her for a second, then laughed.

"That's better."

Then, he fell silent.

Rain waited for a few moments.

And for a few moments more.

Eventually, she spoke:

"Teacher... so, about those Memories?"

He grinned.

"Sure, I'll give it to you. But... not here. There's something else we need to do, so let's go somewhere more private."

Rain wanted to say that there weren't really any places more secluded than this one in the army camp, and that going outside unnoticed would not be easy...

But at that moment, her teacher fell into the shadows.

And pulled her with him.

A moment later, they were somewhere else, surrounded by darkness and the damp, suffocating smell of the jungle.

Everywhere around them, the vermilion jungle sprawled. Rain's nostrils were assaulted by countless smells, and her ears were assaulted by countless sounds. The rustle of leaves, the hum of abominable insects, the distant footsteps of dreadful predators... They were in the middle of the jungle, surrounded by darkness. That could only mean one thing...

Rain's eyes widened, and she suddenly felt cold. Her hair stood on end. "Teacher! Did... did you bring me to the Hollows?!"

Of course, she had kept her voice to a barely audible whisper.

He just nodded calmly, as if it was not even worthy of being mentioned.

"Yes. But don't worry... there are no Cursed Nightmare Creatures nearby. Only the Great Ones."

Rain shuddered.

'You bastard! What do you mean, "only" the Great Ones?!‘

Pulling her along, her teacher walked between the ancient trees and entered a small clearing.

There... somehow... Rain saw a familiar brick cottage.

She was too dazed to even bother wondering what it was doing in the Hollows.

This time, she was led to a back door — Rain was pretty sure that it had not existed the last time she saw the cottage, but now, it was undeniably there.

Inside was a vast chamber filled with darkness. And in the middle of that darkness... lay a towering mountain of items.

There were pieces of broken wagons, piles of precious mystical materials, bags of flour and rice, crates of arrows with arrowheads forged from sorcerous steel, barrels filled with unknown liquids, slabs of building stone... and so much more.

There was a very familiar symbol burned into the wooden crates, as well.

...The crest of the Royal Clan Song.

Rain froze.

Raising a shaking hand, she pointed at the mountain of supplies and asked in a small voice:

"Teacher... w—what is that?"

But she knew what it was. It was the supply caravan of the Song Army... what was left of it.

He glanced at the supplies briefly and shrugged.

"That? The supplies meant for the Song Army, of course."

Rain nodded.

'Right.‘

As if that explained anything!

She struggled to speak for a moment.

"But what are they doing here?"

Her teacher sighed.

"Well, I thought: that it would be a real shame to just burn them all or toss them into the Sea of Ash. So, I commandeered them instead. Oh, but don't tell anyone... officially, all these supplies were destroyed..." Feeling like she was losing her mind, Rain took a deep breath, and then whispered loudly:

"But why do you have them?! It was the Lord of Shadows who attacked the caravan! That scary bastard!"

The monster whom even Princess Revel couldn't defeat.

Her teacher stared at Rain with a surprised expression.

Then, he scratched his nose.

"...Wait, you really didn't know?"

What was she supposed to know?!

Rain silently shook her head.

He coughed.

"It's because I am the Lord of Shadows."

Noticing Rain's dumbfounded expression, her teacher smiled pleasantly.

"Just think about it... anyone claiming to be the Lord of Shadow would be claiming to be the lord of me. And even if there was a fool crazy enough to do something like that, I would have probably sent them to see the Shadow Realm real quick... to dissuade them..."

**********


                                Chapter 1973 Me, Myself, and I
--------------------
For a while, there was nothing but silence in the dark hall.

Then, there was more silence.

Rain stared at her teacher with wide eyes.

‘What did he just say?’

It seemed that she imagined that her teacher claiming to be the Lord of Shadows…

The Lord of Shadows - the mysterious Saint of Godgrave, the sinister sellsword who had offered his blade to the King of Valor, faced Princess Revel in the battle at Vanishing Lake, and decimated a supply caravan of the Song Army alone, sparing the lives of two hundred Awakened and Ascended warriors at Changing Star's behest.

That Lord of Shadows.

‘Wait…’

The Lord of Shadows who had saved the lives of Tamar, Ray, and Fleur!

…At Changing Star's behest.

The situation was so shocking that Rain was struggling to form a single cohesive though, but despite all its seriousness, an entirely frivolous memory surfaced in her mind instead of something important.

It was one of her teacher's preposterous rants:

“Do you know Princess Nephis? Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan? I was practically her boyfriend!”

Rain almost swayed.

‘No… no, wait!’

She pierced her teacher with an intense gaze, momentarily forgetting even about the sweet Memories he had promised to give her.

“Teacher… you… you really are the Lord of Shadows?”

The bastard had started humming again, at some point.

Hearing her, he looked at her and smiled.

“Sure. Now can we move on to…”

Rain did not let him finish.

“No! We absolutely cannot move on! What the… how… I mean, why… no, what do you mean, you're the Lord of Shadows?! He's all the way in the camp of the Sword Army! When he was fighting Princess Revel, you were with me! When he was saving Tamar, you were helping me track down the Huntsman! How does that make any sense?! What, you can be in two places at the same time? Following me around and simultaneously acting as the Lord of Shadows ?”

Her teacher gave her a confused look.

“What? Of course not…”

Rain let out a relieved sign.

‘Thank the gods! It was another one of his preposterous lies.’

However, she celebrated too early. Because her teacher wasn't done talking.

“I can be in seven places at the same time. Actually, I am also a Knight Commander of Clan Valor and the Memory Purveyor of the Ivory Island. Oh… and I also run a small restaurant in Bastion. It's quite popular!”

Rain just started at him with dumbfounded expression.

Her teacher looked at her with concern and smiled.

“Do you want to sit down?”

She nodded slowly.

“Yeah.”

A moment later, specks of darkness swirled in the air and formed into an opulent wooden chair. Her teacher moved it caringly to stand just behind Rain, and she lowered herself onto the seat.

‘Aaa!’

So… her teacher could be in seven places at the same time.

She had to repeat it several times mentally for the meaning of this words to sink in.

Rain covered her face with a palm.

‘Let’s think about it…’

Something like that was unheard of… but not really impossible. After all, there were all kinds of Aspects in the world, and all kinds of unnatural powers wielded by the Nightmare Creatures. Anything was possible!

Actually, it even made a lot of sense.

She had long noted how similar her teacher and the Lord of Shadows seemed. It was just that she could not have concluded that they were one and the same without this key piece of information. Assuming that a person could exist in several places at the same time would have been quite an unreasonable leap of logic, after all.

Who could have guessed that her closest companion was also a complete stranger... a sinister Saint serving the King of Swords, no less?

And what was that, had he mentioned something about running a restaurant in Bastion?!

‘A restaurant?!’

Somehow, that last detail rattled her mind more than the rest of what he had said.

No, that was not important right now.

Rain could reluctantly accept that her teacher possessed the power to live several lives at the same time. But…

She lowered her hand and looked at him

“Teacher… what the hell!”

He scratched back of his head.

“Huh? What are you angry about this time?”

Rain's eyes narrowed.

"If you are really the Lord of Shadow, one of the most fearsome champions of the Sword Army... then why the hell did you let me join the Song Army?! Did it not occur to you that being on the different sides of this damned war might pose a bit of a problem for us?!”

He looked at her with a strange expression.

"What do you mean? Of course, it did! Have you forgotten that I tried to dissuade you? But no, you just had to be all moral and righteous... I can't just sit on the sidelines! These are the people I know, and they will be the ones who suffer! I can't step back and do nothing! Those were your words... do you even know how loudly I was cursing on the inside while going on about how you are joining the war?"

Rain's eye twitched.

"Well... when you put it like that..."

Her teacher scoffed.

"But I couldn't very well stomp on your principles, so I kept quiet. Well, it doesn't matter that much, anyway. Who says that you and me being on different sides will become a problem? Me and me are on different sides as well, and I'm not worried."

Hearing that last sentence, Rain felt a strong headache.

As if it made sense!

It was too bizarre.

Not only had her teacher been living several lives at the same time, but one of his incarnations was even a general of the opposing army... the most feared general of them all! The very same sinister Saint who had just attacked the supply caravan of Song.

The incriminating evidence was right here an entire mountain of stolen... commandeered, as he had called it... supplies.

And he had not even taken them in the name of the Sword Army. He had just hoarded them for himself!

Her eyes trembled.

‘My teacher... is a bandit! He's a shameless, flagrant highwayman!’

But then again, that one actually wasn't that surprising. Quite the opposite, really.

She could believe it easily. That sounded exactly like something her teacher would do...

Rain took a deep breath.

‘So…’

Her teacher was pretending to be a sellsword Saint who had been hired by the King of Swords. He was also the Knight Commander of the Great Clan Valor. He was also the Memory Purveyor - whatever that meant - of the Ivory Island, which was Changing Star's own Citadel.

And he was a master chef somewhere in Bastion on top of that!

‘Right.’

It was going to take her some time to come to terms with these facts.

‘Just as expected from a dark deity.’

No... was he really a dark deity?

Suddenly, Rain came to realize that she knew very little about her teacher, despite spending almost every day of these past four years in his company.

She took a deep breath and looked at him soberly.

After hesitating for a while, Rain asked:

"Teacher... who are you, really?”

**********


                                Chapter 1974 Lost Time
--------------------
Rain hesitated, trying to formulate her question better.

"I mean... are you a human? A spirit? Some strange apparition that enjoys cooking, terrifying vast armies of Awakened, and educating young maidens? And don't you dare say that you are just a shadow! What does that even mean?"

Her teacher stared at her for a few moments.

"Well... a shadow is the dark area that appears when an object blocks the source of light..."

Rain clenched her fists.

"That's not what I was asking!”

He laughed, then commanded the shadows to rise from the floor and manifest into another - much less comfortable, from the looks of it - chair.

Sitting down, her teacher shrugged.

"What are you even talking about? I am just a human Saint."

Rain shook her head energetically.

"No! I've met Saints, and there are no human Saints like you. You never sleep, never eat, live in the shadows, and go around slaying Skinwalker vessels as if they were children. You even know how to guide a person to Awakening without infecting them with the Spell. And that is just one-seventh of you!"

He hesitated for a little while.

"Well, alright. I'm not... just... a human Saint. I am quite special, as far as human Saints go."

Leaning back, he smiled.

"In fact, there is no one else like me. As far as I know, there are two other Transcendent humans who can rival my power. However, I am unique even among them... because I am not a carrier of the Nightmare Spell anymore."

Rain blinked.

'A Saint... who is not a carrier of the Nightmare Spell?'

Anymore?

How was that possible?

Noticing her confused expression, her teacher chuckled.

"It's a long story - a story that spans thousands of years, actually, so forgive me if I don't go into detail. Suffice it to say, I met a very loathsome Cursed Terror in my Third Nightmare... and here I am."

He hesitated, and then added.

"My original body is someplace else. Unlike this incarnation, it does eat, sleep, and perform all the things that humans tend to do. The version of me that has been following you around, meanwhile, is one of my shadows. That is why I sometimes seem a bit weird, compared to normal humans."

Rain studied him silently.

'So that's how it is!'

She felt satisfied, because things were finally starting to make sense…

But, strangely enough... she also felt a little betrayed. Because her teacher had an entire other life - several of them, actually - that she knew nothing about.

Suddenly, something occurred to her.

"Teacher... if you are a human, then what is your name?"

He coughed.

"My name? Huh... well, if you must know, my name is Sunless. But people usually call me Sunny."

Rain stared at her for a few moments.

Then, she leaned back and laughed.

The laughter came on its own, and although she had tried, she failed to contain it.

"Oh... oh, sorry! It's just funny. Because people used to call me Rainy."

Sunny and Rainy... they were quite a pair, weren't they?

'No... I just can't call Teacher that way!'

Rain felt a strange warmth spread in her chest after finally learning his name. But, at the same time, it was very strange, to think about calling her teacher by such a mundane and human name she could at least imagine calling him Sunless, but "Sunny"...

'Nope. No way!'

Even if he really was a human, he had not deserved to be treated like one!

After everything he had put her through…

Rain spend some time in silence, digesting the earth - shattering revelations that had befallen her out of nowhere.

'He's the damn Lord of Shadows!'

Eventually, another thought suddenly flashed in her mind, and her expression changed.

'We are quite a pair?'

Now that she knew about the many incarnations of her teacher, she could understand why he was ruling a Citadel in Godgrave and serving the King of Swords. She could also understand why he had positioned himself close to Lady Nephis.

She could even understand why he would run a restaurant, somewhat.

In fact, out of all the lives her teacher had mentioned, only one wasn't making any sense.

This one. The life in which he followed a random mundane girl around, taught her how to survive and thrive in the dire world, and guided her on the Path of Ascension.

Why was this tremendously powerful Saint, someone who clearly aimed to exert influence on the flow of history, was wasting his time with her?

Rain was no one special. She was hardworking and talented, yes, but so were countless other people.

In fact...

Hadn't their first ever encounter been strange, to begin with?

Because even back then, in the nameless convenience store in NQSC, her teacher had already known her name.

Rain raised her head and looked at him intently.

"Teacher..."

He smiled faintly.

"Yes? Are you ready to take a look at those Memories? I've worked really hard on them, you know!"

Usually, Rain would have been mesmerized by the promise of receiving new Memories, but today, she did not even spare them a second thought.

Instead, she asked:

"Why did you offer to teach me?"

He stared at her silently for a few moments.

Then, her teacher scoffed.

"Haven't I told you? It's because I am your long - lost brother."

Rain sighed.

"And I told you that I would have remembered having a brother."

He studied her for a while without saying a word.

Then, he shrugged nonchalantly.

"Weren't you adopted?"

Rain nodded slowly, not knowing what that had to do with anything.

'Wait...'

Her teacher smiled.

"Well, I was your brother before that. There... you have my permission to drop the 'teacher' and start calling me 'older brother' instead."

Rain froze.

'Before... that?'

She had no memories from before she was adopted. After all, that happened when she was very young - three years old, at best.

Her parents had never made a secret of the fact that she was not their biological child, and had never treated her differently because of that. That was why Rain had never really felt a need to learn where she had come from...

However, she had tried to find out eventually. Her parents helped her, and her dad even pulled some strings at work.

But there was nothing to learn. There was no robust centralized database that contained the records of every person living in the outskirts - in fact, many of them had no digital trace whatsoever. They weren't citizens, and so, the government did not care to waste manpower on keeping records of them.

All they found out was that Rain's parents were both deceased, her mother passing away last due to illness - even that was only a rumor an orphanage worker heard from the person who had worked there before him.

And that was all.

She had been a little disappointed to have learned nothing, but not too much.

So why... why did Rain feel like she was forgetting something?

It was as if she had just thought about it, but the thought slipped away.

Looking at her teacher, she asked evenly:

"If you are really my brother... then where have you been? Where have you been all this time?"

His smile dimmed a little.

Strangely, Rain found it hard to focus on what he was about to say.

Her teacher lingered for a few moments, then looked away.

"Rotting in the outskirts, at first. And then... well. I can't really tell you, and you should not ask."

Rain looked at him, stunned.

He was not joking. He had not been joking, from the start.

She felt... some strange, inexplicable emotion rising in her heart.

She thought that she had never cared about her original family and about her past. But now, it seemed that she had been wrong.

Or maybe she had simply forgotten.

Looking at the young man sitting in front of her...

The familiar, insufferable, whimsical, caring, strong, funny, unreliable, dependable man who had been her companion, confidant, teacher, and protector for the last four years...

Rain took a shaky breath.

Then, she said tentatively:

"B... brother?"

**********


                                Chapter 1975  The Incredible Adventures and Astonishing Deeds of Heroic Dreamer Sunless and his Brave Disciple Rain, Abridged (Volume VIII)
--------------------
Sunny had not planned to confess the truth of their bond to Rain today. He had only wanted to show her the spoils of his raid on the supply caravan, so that she could connect the dots and realize that her teacher and the Lord of Shadows were the same person. The two armies were going to clash soon, so Sunny had judged that it was time to start slowly revealing the true nature of the war to Rain. She was directly involved in the conflict between the Sovereigns, after all, so he had to give her an opportunity to prepare herself for its resolution.

Because that resolution was not going to be what people on either side expected it to be. However, Rain reacted in a way that forced Sunny to share more truth than he had wanted to… and although he could have avoided her poignant question despite the strict limitations of his Flaw, after thinking about it for a few fleeting moments, he chose not to.

Perhaps it was because of what had happened between him and Nephis. Sunny had already forsaken reason and given up on holding back, completely, abandoning caution to blindly follow his desires. And since he had already betrayed one inhibition, the rest of them did not seem as sensible and important anymore.

What did he have to lose? He had nothing. "B… brother?"

Hearing that word from Rain's mouth made Sunny flinch. It was such an emotional moment. It was something that he had been wanting to hear… hear again… ever since saying goodbye to his little sister in the rundown orphanage, almost two decades ago.

And yet, he had not flinched because of the powerful, almost overwhelming feeling that swelled in his heart because of that word. Instead, he had flinched out of sheer embarrassment.

It felt so awkward!

Partially because Sunny was almost afraid to choke up, but mostly because he could not help but cringe a little at the same time. Hearing Rain call him "brother" after the last four years was just too... unnatural. He coughed, struggling with the desire to hide his face. After a few moments of silence, Sunny said:

"...I take it back. You can continue to call me Teacher."

Rain studied him with a cautious, vulnerable expression. For a moment, he was worried that his answer had hurt her feelings...

But then, a faint smile twisted her lips. "Big brother?"

Sunny shuddered. 'Even worse!'

"Stop it."

Rain's smile widened. "Why… big brother?"

A heavy sigh escaped from Sunny's lips.

'I have not thought this through...'

***

Sunny led Rain out of the Brilliant Emporium. Both of them were silent, not quite sure how to treat each other now that the nature of their relationship was completely rewritten. Sunny knew what his familial bond to Rain meant to him. She was the only family he had left in the world… for many years, she had been the only person he cared about in the world, as well. And even though there were other people he cared for deeply now, Rain still held a singular place in his heart.

But it was probably different for her. What did the word "brother" even mean to his sister?

After all, she did not remember having him as a brother. As far as Rain was concerned, someone else was her family — people who had raised her, cared for her, and showered her with affection, never letting her feel alone or abandoned. Who had been with her for as long as she could remember herself. There was a lifetime of precious memories shared between them, unlike between her and Sunny.

Why would she long for something that she had never lacked? Why would she miss someone she had never known?

So… Rain must have felt a little awkward and unsure of what to say, too. However, she did speak soon after exiting the Brilliant Emporium. That was because Sunny had moved the Marvelous Mimic while they were talking inside. After ambushing the supply caravan, he had fled the battlefield with as much speed as he could muster, not sparing any essence. It was quite a prudent decision, considering that the battle had taken place within Ki Song's Domain — if he had not left swiftly, the Queen herself could have come to greet him. As a result, Sunny had managed to return to the Nameless Temple in record time. He had not planned to bring Rain here again, yet, but changed his mind halfway through their conversation. Dismissing the Mimic from the Hollows below the warcamp of the Song Army, he summoned it again as the Lord of Shadows inside his Citadel.

So, Rain was quite surprised to see a vast underground chamber outside the Mimic's door instead of the ancient jungle of the Hollows. She looked around with interest. "...This is the Nameless Temple, then? The Citadel of the Lord of Shadows?"

Sunny nodded. "Yes." Rain took a deep breath. "So you do have a Citadel, after all!"

He gave her an amused look.

"Didn't I say that I do?"

She lingered for a moment. "Well, yeah… but you lie all the time, so I did not really believe it. I mean, you lived in my shadow for four… for four… for four years…"

Rain's voice slowly trailed off, as if she was starting to realize something.

Sunny scoffed. "I never lie. Didn't I also tell you that I am the most honest person in the world? Two worlds, even."

His sister's eyes widened slowly.

He could guess what she was thinking about. 'The joke about being my brother turned out to be true. The story about ruling an ancient temple turned out to be true. Wait. Wait, wait, wait! If those are true… then what else is true?!'

Rain looked at him with a fearful expression. A few moments later, she asked in a small voice:

"So… that story about killing an evil version of yourself?"

Sunny nodded. "Ah, yes. That happened. He was such a hateful, odious, insufferable bastard! Good riddance."

Rain hesitated. "What about sailing on a river of time that flows inside the corpse of an Unholy Titan?"

He shrugged. "Sure. That was my Third Nightmare."

Her eyes shook a little.

Rain gulped, then took a deep breath. "...What about being twenty-six years old, four years old, and several thousands of years old at the same time?"

Sunny glanced at her and smiled nonchalantly. "River of time, remember? You would not believe the kind of shenanigans I survived there. It's also the reason why I am twenty-six years old despite having been born twenty-five years ago, and am five years older than you despite having been only four years older than you before. Oh, and the part about being four years old — that is the age of this incarnation of mine. I became a Saint during the Chain of Nightmares."

Rain just stared at him silently, dumbstruck. "As if any of that nonsense makes any sense!"

Sunny smiled brightly. "I'll give you that. The Tomb of Ariel was a little confusing…"

The young woman opened and closed her mouth several times, as if trying to force herself to ask the next question, but not daring to.

Eventually, she managed to squeeze out:

"What about being a celebrity, a war hero, and immensely rich?"

Sunny grinned. "I used to be all of those at one point in time or another. Come to think about it, I am back to being all three now!"

Rain took a deep breath, remained silent for a while, and then asked weakly:

"Do you really... know someone who became a Saint as a baby?"

He raised an eyebrow.

'Huh. She remembers that, too?'

It seemed like his nagging had been quite memorable.

"Sure! You've heard of him too, actually… Little Ling, Saint Athena's son. Of course, you weren't there when he was born and did not feed him ice cream every week, unlike me. Oh, and I am also the only reason she met her husband..."

Rain remained silent for longer this time, then suddenly yelled:

"What about the blood of an ancient demon flowing in your veins?! What about devouring the bones of a nebulous deity?! What about ruling a fragment of a divine realm?!"

Sunny scratched the back of his head in embarrassment, then said humbly: "...All true."

Rain staggered. After a while, she asked in a quiet, numb voice:

"Did Beastmaster really ask you to run away with her once?"

He laughed, which prompted Rain to glare at him angrily. 'I should probably tone it down...'

"Well… yeah. Technically, she offered to run away from a Great Nightmare Creature together — but there were other candidates, and she chose me. I guess she likes me... a little."

His sister closed her eyes and fell silent. Eventually, though, she asked in a shaking voice:

"...Is Lady Nephis really your girlfriend?"

Sunny tripped. He did not answer for a while, then coughed and said in a neutral tone:

"Don't start calling her Sister-in-Law just yet… but yeah, it's true."

He paused for a moment, and then added with a dreamy smile:

"In fact, I'm in her bedroom right now…"

In the next moment, Sunny was surprised to find a fist flying toward his face.

**********


                                Chapter 1976 Rani of Shadow
--------------------
Sunny failed to dodge Rain's punch.

…So, she hurt her hand.

They ascended the stairs silently, but the silence was much less awkward than it had been a few minutes ago. In fact, it was quite comfortable, almost like before… well, if not for the fact that Rain groaned from time to time, cradling her bruised hand.

"What the hell are you made of, stone?"

Sunny looked at her and smiled.

"Actually... yeah, sort of. You see, there was this suit of armor I had, a Memory of something forged by the ruler of the Underworld…"

Rain shook her head decisively.

"No, no, stop. I don't want to know!"

He chuckled.

There were some Valor troops stationed at the Nameless Temple, but their camp was outside its walls. Still, they had access to the main hall and the Gateway located there, so Sunny took a roundabout way to the inner sanctum — and the courtyard beyond.

There, a tall tree stood in absolute darkness, its leaves rustling quietly in the wind.

Sunny led Rain across the black marble plates. As he did, the darkness around them stirred and surged, eventually manifesting into a long bench — sitting down, Sunny leaned back and inhaled deeply.

Rain sat down, too, looking around with curiosity. Her gaze grew a little tense at the sight of the tree, and she studied it cautiously.

Her caution was easy to understand — here in Godgrave, the only trees were those spawned by the abominable jungle. She had seen too many of her comrades being killed and consumed by them, enough so that the sound of rustling leaves had already become an instinctual fear.

Sunny sighed.

"Calm down. I brought it here from the waking world… it is a perfectly mundane tree."

He paused for a moment, and then added:

"Well, at least it should be."

In truth, he wasn't quite sure. After being tended to by Shakti the Fire Keeper, this tree of his had recovered from its former malaise. It was doing quite well now, already having grown a bit taller… too well, even, considering the environment. It was only ever surrounded by shadows, after all.

Sunny honestly had no idea what was happening to his tree.

Hearing his words, Rain seemed to calm down. She looked around once more, and then asked suddenly:

"Wait. If you really are a Saint who rules a Citadel… and my brother… then…"

Her expression became a little strange.

"...Doesn't that make me an actual Legacy? I'm a Legacy?"

Sunny stared at her silently for a few moments.

That was an interesting question, actually.

He was one of the six most powerful humans in the world, did indeed conquer a Citadel with his own two hands, and had even unlocked his Aspect Legacy. More than that, Rain was a direct beneficiary of that Legacy now that she bore the Mark of Shadows.

There was no codified definition of what a Legacy clan was, really. Most of them had been founded by the prominent Awakened of the First Generation — those powerful and lucky enough to survive and thrive in the dire world of the Nightmare Spell. Ruling a Citadel and having a Legacy heirloom were common traits shared by many clans, but not all of them.

In fact, the hierarchy of the Awakened nobility had been shaken in recent years. With so many new Masters and Saints making a name for themselves in the wake of the Chain of Nightmares, some old families had suddenly found themselves inferior to the nameless newcomers.

Old clans fell out of power, and new ones were being established. Take the Han Li clan, for example, who had lost its most promising scion and never managed to produce a Saint — although not entirely forgotten, it had definitely declined, losing all influence.

It was funny to think that Sunny had once been afraid of their retaliation.

He scoffed.

"Girl… if you don't qualify to be a Legacy, then no one in the world can claim that they do."

Rain blinked a couple of times, then suddenly smiled.

"Well, well, well… who would have thought? Turns out I'm just as much of a princess as Tamar is. Ha! That is an entirely new perspective… how should I break the news to her, I wonder!"

She remained silent for a few moments.

"Wait, so what do I call myself? Rain of the Shadow Clan? Rain of Shadow? I mean… Rani of Shadow? That does sound kind of cool…"

Sunny did not answer immediately, since he was stumped himself.

What about him? Was he supposed to call himself Sunny of Shadow? Sunless of Shadow? No, that did not sound even remotely right.

But then again, Neph's grandfather had not called himself Immortal Flame of the Immortal Flame...

He was simply Immortal Flame.

So, Sunny did not have to call himself anything.

"You can call yourself whatever you want. However, do remember that if anyone learns of our relationship, the royal clan will probably capture and execute you as a spy. The Lord of Shadows is a champion of the Sword Domain, after all."

Rain smiled dimmed a little.

"Right. I guess I'll continue playing the peasant and let Tamar be the princess... for a while longer. But then!"

She laughed.

"I'll force her to call me Young Lady Rani for a week straight!"

After that, Rain gave Sunny a curious look, hesitated for a few moments, and said in a tone that was a little more subdued:

"If it was you who fought Princess Revel at Vanishing Lake, then you must have crossed swords with Tamar's dad, as well."

Her words hung in the silence, making the courtyard of the Nameless Temple feel a bit grim.

Sunny knew what Rain had left unsaid. It was that he could have become the murderer of her friend's father… and that fighting on the different sides of a bloody war was not as inconsequential as Sunny tried to make it look.

He shrugged.

"That Citadel was quite large. I only saw him from the distance, actually."

Then, he looked at her and added:

"It is not your place or responsibility to think about these matters, Rain. You are merely an Awakened… in the grand scheme of the war, your beliefs and actions are insignificant. Not that they don't have value. In any case, you don't have to feel burdened by what is happening to the world. All you can do is follow your principles and do your best."

Sunny turned to the tree, remained silent, and then added, a hint of coldness finding its way into his voice:

"People like me will deal with the rest."

Rain studied him for a while, then asked neutrally:

"Because your beliefs and actions are significant, unlike mine?"

Sunny smiled darkly and shook his head.

"The only difference between you and me… is that I am strong enough to force my beliefs onto others, and reshape the world with my actions. Strength is the only virtue that matters, in the end. And weakness is the only sin."

She let out a quiet sigh and looked at the tree, as well, listening to the peaceful rustle of its leaves.

After a while, Rain asked:

"Why did you bring a tree from the waking world here, anyway?"

Sunny lingered for a moment, and then smiled.

"Because it is my grave."

**********


                                Chapter 1977  Their Legacy
--------------------
Rain lingered for a moment, then said in a neutral tone:

"That's… a bit ominous."

Sunny chuckled and looked at the tree with a distant expression. Eventually, he glanced at her with a faint smile. "I wanted you to see this tree, actually."

He paused for a heartbeat or two, then looked away.

"People in the outskirts rarely get to have graves. The place is terribly overcrowded — well, at least it used to be before the Dream Gates — and the mortality rate is extremely high. Bodies get disposed of in a very utilitarian way, so there's nothing left behind."

Sunny sighed. "Very few people from the outskirts survive the First Nightmare, as well. So, I was quite convinced that I would die when the Spell chose me. I didn't mind that much, really, but it was a bit sad to think that there would be no trace of me left in the world…"

He paused for a moment and smiled wryly, realizing how ironic it was. After all, that was exactly what had happened to him, in the end — every trace of his life had been erased from existence, leaving nothing behind. He had assured this obliteration willingly, earnestly, and with his own hands. Oblivious to his thoughts, Rain listened to him intently.

Sunny looked at her, then pointed to the lonely tree. "That was why I carved a line into this tree before entering the Nightmare. You know… to leave my mark on the world."

She traced his finger and studied the dark bark, then frowned slightly.

"But there are three lines."

Sunny nodded. "Yes. That is because I had carved two lines into the tree before that."

He paused for a few moments.

"For our parents."

Rain grew quiet, looking at the three lines with a guarded expression.

Sunny smiled wistfully. What could he say?

After a while, he finally spoke:

"They were good people, the two of them. Actually, they were very mundane people, but that is already an accomplishment in the outskirts. Our father… I don't really remember him that well. In my memory, he is more of a feeling than a person — something big, quiet, strong, and caring. Mom used to say that he had a mischievous side and quite a hot temper hiding behind the calm facade, but I don't know. He worked on one of the city barrier maintenance crews, and died in an accident not long after you were born. Stuff like that happens all the time to maintenance workers."

Sunny did not know a lot about his father, but he did know some things. The mere fact that his dad had been a maintenance worker instead of ending up in one of the local gangs spoke a lot about his character. The way he had cared about his family was quite telling, too.

He had been a good person, and both Sunny and Rain inherited some of that goodness... it seemed. It suddenly occurred to Sunny that Rain's mild obsession with building and infrastructure, which she had picked up while working as a laborer on the road crew, might have come from their dad.

He smiled. "Our mom… now that I think about it, when you were born, she was about as old as you are now. She was very cheerful, soft… and pretty. Well, at least from what I remember. Actually, you look a lot like her. When I saw you for the first time, I thought — thank the gods, unlike me, Rain took after mom!"

Sunny chuckled. Rain indeed resembled their mom very much. Of course, her beauty was far more striking… after all, she was an Awakened. Perhaps more importantly than that, she had grown up in an affluent district of NQSC, breathing clean air and eating well. Their mother, however, had spent all her life in the outskirts, where the air was toxic and the best food one could get was synthpaste. She had been affected by this harsh and unforgiving environment, inside and out.

…Still, in Sunny's memory, she was breathtaking. His smile widened a little as he looked at Rain, studying her features subtly. "She loved us very much. Mom worked in a factory that produced air filtration systems, and spent all her free time taking care of you and me. We lived in a small cell in one of the hives, on one of the highest floors. In the winter, she often cuddled with us on the floor, sharing her warmth and reading to us."

Sunny searched her memory for more details, not knowing what else to say.

"Oh, yes… she liked reading. We had an old communicator with a cracked screen, and she downloaded all kinds of stuff from the network to read. She especially liked fanciful stories about the world before the Dark Times. What else? Her favorite snack was fried synthpaste crumbs, with whichever spices she could get. She called me Sunless because I was born during an eclipse, and called you Rain because you were born during a storm."

Rain's eyes widened slightly.

He paused, remained silent for a few moments, and then sighed. "...She got sick when you were about three, and eventually passed away. I… hope you never believed that you had been abandoned. Because she would have never left you… or me… by choice. It's just that life is hard in the outskirts."

Sunny hesitated for a while, looking at the gently rustling tree. Eventually, a pale smile twisted his lips.

"I know that it probably doesn't mean as much to you as it does to me. After all, you already have parents, and they are quite wonderful parents at that. I don't want or expect you to feel any particular way about what I told you, either. It's just that… being forgotten is quite a sad thing. No one remembers mom and dad in this world, except me… but now, you can remember them too. It makes me happy to know that."

Rain remained silent for a few moments.

Then, she said quietly:

"I will. I'll keep them well in my memory."

Sunny smiled. With that, he stretched his arms above his head and let out a long sigh. "Well, good. Now, speaking of Memories… we were sidetracked for quite a long time, weren't we? Young Lady Tamar is probably wondering what the hell are you doing in the baths for so long. So, let's get to the important stuff, shall we?"

Rain studied his face with a sober expression for a while, then smiled tentatively. "Sure. After all, as a Legacy, I should receive some cool stuff, shouldn't I? I swear, there has never been a poorer Legacy than me… and a stingier founder of a Legacy Clan than you. Big brother…"

**********


                                Chapter 1978  Shiny New Heirlooms
--------------------
After speaking to Rain about their parents, Sunny felt strangely at peace. The darkness surrounding the Nameless Temple was safe and nurturing, and the quiet rustle of the leaves was pleasantly soothing. Added to his previous euphoria, it seemed like nothing could spoil his tranquil mood. But, at the same time, he didn't feel quite well about himself. After all, he had unexpectedly dumped the knowledge that they were family on Rain, and then proceeded to give her a lecture about their dead parents… whom she did not even remember.

Rain was a young woman who was trying to find her place in the world while dealing with the appalling nature of war — the former was already difficult enough, but the latter was a mental burden that no human could carry well, let alone endure unscathed.

Sunny knew it better than most And yet here he was, adding to her burden. Feeling a bit guilty, he decided to sweeten the deal with some gifts. Luckily, there were the Memories he had prepared for her. Although Rain seemed a little distant and subdued, her eyes glistened at the mention of Memories. She had witnessed and survived so many horrors since the start of the war, after all, and unlike other Awakened soldiers, she had not received any rewards from the Spell in the process. The same Awakened soldiers were walking around with their shiny new Memories on full display, and she saw them every minute of every day.

Naturally, Rain was excited.

And Sunny's mood improved even further after witnessing her excitement. "Alright… here we go. Don't thank me too enthusiastically!"

With that, he summoned the [Bag of Withholding] and presented it to her proudly. However, her reaction was not what he had expected. Instead of bursting with delight and admiration, Rain's just continued to look at him expectantly. Her expression did not change at all.

She remained silent for a few moments, looking at him with lively anticipation, then blinked a few times and glanced behind him. Sunny tilted his head a little. "What's wrong?"

Rain smiled cautiously. "...That's not it, is it?"

'What a strange question…'

Still holding the Bag of Withholding in one hand, he scratched the back of his head with the other. "I mean… yes? That's it."

Her smile froze a little. Slowly, the excited gleam of Rain's eyes was replaced with something that strangely resembled fury. A seething kind of fury.

Leaning forward, she shouted suddenly:

"What do you mean, that's it?! One Memory? One?! After everything I went through, and all the abominations I killed? Am… am I a joke to you?! What kind of a damned Legacy lord are you, huh? Big brother!"

Sunny stared at her in shock. Then, he stared some more. After that, he let out a quiet sigh and said with reproach:

"Open it, you idiot."

Rain frowned, then grabbed the leather backpack from his hand — without spending even a second to appreciate the delicate stitching and tasteful decorative details, at that! — and opened the clasp roughly. A moment later, she forgot to breathe.

Sunny scoffed. "Such an ingrate…"

Rain raised her head, looking at him with burning eyes. Her expression was strangely intense. "Is that… a spatial storage Memory?"

And her voice was strangely hoarse.

Sunny nodded dismissively. "Yeah. Just a little something I crafted for practice… it's called the Bag of Withholding, by the way. I put everything else inside."

In the next moment, he was suddenly deafened by a high-pitched squeal, and then frightened by a low, completely unladylike boast of laughter. "Big brother is the best…"

Sunny's eyes twitched. "I told you to stop calling me that."

Rain continued to stare at the Bag of Withholding.

"Whatever…"

She studied the leather backpack with bright eyes, then nodded in satisfaction and finally looked up. "We can work on your naming sense later. Let's see what's inside!"

Sunny frowned in confusion.

'What? What is wrong with my naming sense?'

…But that was an exercise in self-delusion. In fact, he knew perfectly well what was wrong with it. 'Alright, alright. She's not wrong. But... at least I named the other Memories exceptionally well…'

Rain carefully took the Memories in question out of the Bag of Withholding. Soon, they were all laid neatly on the bench between them. Sunny pointed to a green flask housed in a black leather sleeve. "This is the [Green Canteen]. It can store a great amount of water, as well as purify it. Just like the last time, you need to infuse a bit of your essence to claim it as your Memory."

Rain did just that and smiled in satisfaction. "This is great. Not only can I drink as much as I want, but I can also use it if my water ration in the baths runs out!" Sunny nodded. "Yeah. Just don't forget to refill it from time to time. It is quite voluminous, but not boundless."

With that, he pointed to three arrows.

"These are [Heavy Burden], [Outskirts at Noon], and [Don't Cut Yourself]..."

Rain gave him a strange look.

"Really? Those are the names you went with?"

Sunny gritted his teeth. "Yes. If you don't like them, I can just take them back…"

Rain quickly swept up the arrows and pressed them against her chest.

"No, no! I like them a lot! I can't believe you managed to create something so ingenious, deadly, and aptly named! Uh… what do they do, exactly?"

Sunny gave her an unamused look, then a detailed explanation. As he talked, Rain's expression slowly grew more serious. Eventually, she nodded. "I see. Quite powerful, indeed… but I will have to use them tactically. Otherwise, they'll just drain my essence without accomplishing anything."

Sunny held the same opinion.

"It should become a bit easier as you absorb more soul shards, but yes. The potency of Memories I can craft for you is limited by the quantity and quality of your essence. The more powerful a Memory is, the steeper the price of using it will be."

Some of the more powerful Memories could even kill their wielder if used carelessly. Others came with their own kind of Flaws to balance their dire power… like the Sin of Solace, for example. That cursed thing...

Moving on from the three arrows, Sunny briefly explained what [Safety First] and the [Pièce de Résistance] did. Rain was especially impressed by the latter…

But not for the right reason.

"A cooling effect?! Ah! It's the best!"

Sunny stared at her for a few moments and shook his head in dejection. 'Does she not realize how revolutionary its other enchantments are… tsk! Too young, too naive…'

He made sure that Rain claimed and summoned both Memories before moving on to the last one. An additional layer of protection was added to the Puppeteer's Shroud, making the armor look much more suitable for intense melee.

Sunny appreciated the subtle, but tasteful blend of grey fabric and black leather, giving himself a mental pat on the shoulder. He had been sure of the defensive properties of this Memory, but worried a little about its aesthetic value. After all, it wasn't easy to design it in a way that complemented the look of the Puppeteer's Shroud perfectly. But he had done well. His sister looked positively… cool, sharp, and darkly formidable in this enchanted armor. Finally, he pointed to the sash made from glistening black silk.

"And this… is the [In Case of Emergency]. The most important Memory you'll possess during this war."

Rain frowned, then picked up the silk sash and tied it around her waist. It went well with the Puppeteer's Shroud, as well, making Sunny regret not having this version of the enchanted armor on the Forgotten Shore. A moment later, he shuddered in fright. 'Oh, no! Have I been infected by Kai?!'

Throwing the terrifying thought out of his head, he looked at Rain.

"Activate the enchantment."

She did as he told… and suddenly froze. Not just figuratively, but quite literally.

Even a few strands of her beautiful raven-black hair that the wind had been playing with hung motionlessly in the air, as if frozen in time.

Of course, they were merely frozen in space.

The only sign that Rain was still alive was that her chest was still rising and falling subtly. Sunny nodded in satisfaction. "Deactivate the enchantment."

Rain's hair fell, and she took a deep breath while throwing a complicated look at the silk sash. He sighed. "That is in case a Cloudbreak catches you unaware. Never take this Memory off while you're in Godgrave… do you understand?"

Rain threw a tense look at him, then nodded slowly. Sunny smiled. "Good. Well, then…"

Time was waiting for no one. There was one more thing he needed to talk to Rain about — quite an important thing, too — but it was going to have to wait. "You've been gone from the camp for too long. I better bring you back…"

Rain smiled. "Sure. Let's go."

She looked at him with mischief in her eyes, and added:

"Big..."

Before she could finish the sentence, Sunny dismissed the shadows forming the bench they were sitting on, and watched as Rain fell to the marble floor with a startled yelp.

**********


                                Chapter 1979  Sweet Dreams
--------------------
Someplace else, Sunny slowly opened his eyes. Pure sunshine was pouring through the tall arched windows, and the air was suffused with warmth. The sweltering heat of Godgrave was dispelled by a pleasant breeze.

The storm was long over, and the world was at peace. His body felt refreshed and revitalized despite having been enveloped by a blissful fatigue not too long ago, and his mind was at ease. He had slept well… better than he had ever slept in his life.

Waking up in Neph's bed for the second time in a row felt quite amazing. Of course, this time, he had not just fallen asleep atop the covers. Feeling a tantalizing, warm softness pressing against his chest, Sunny raised his head and rested it on a hand, looking down. Nephis was sleeping peacefully by his side, in his embrace. Her long, beautiful silver hair was scattered across the pillow, glistening in the sunlight. Her face was smooth and enchanting, more vulnerable than it had ever seemed before. Below it, her slender neck led to a round, alabaster shoulder… and beyond that, the alluring sight of her delicate clavicle was revealed, making his heart race. To Sunny's chagrin, the rest was covered by a pristine white sheet.

Still, there was probably no sight more lovely in the entire world. He remained motionless for a while, delighting in the breathtaking scene and listening to the subtle sound of Neph's tranquil breathing. His mind was a little empty. This moment, this feeling, this… closeness. He had been wanting it so desperately, and for long. Being here, with her, was almost too meaningful to fathom. And he did not really want to fathom it, either — or anything, for that matter. He was in too good of a mood to spoil it with excessive thinking, and wished to simply enjoy the blissful beauty of the moment. He wished that it would never end.

How fitting it was, for him to attain what he wanted so deeply in the tower of the Demon of Desire...

With a quiet sigh, Sunny lowered his head back to the pillow and closed his eyes, enveloped in Neph's smell and basking in the sensation of her warmth.

Perhaps… it was alright to sleep for a bit more. He had almost drifted back into the gentle embrace of sleep when a tentative voice suddenly resounded in his mind:

[Uh… Sunny?]

Sunny opened one eye, startled a little and dissatisfied by the sudden interruption.

[What?]

Cassie remained silent for a few moments, then asked in calm tone:

[Are you guys coming down any time soon? Because, you know… you've been locked up there for a couple of days, already. And Nephis is technically in charge of this entire camp. There are some decisions I can't make alone.]

Cassie spoke in a composed, nonchalant tone… but that only made Sunny feel more embarrassed about what she had said. For a split second. Then, a satisfied smile crept up on his face.

'Why yes, we have...'

Sunny answered without opening his eyes, still lost in the softness, warmth, and sunlight. [Sorry. Nephis is… a bit tired. We should probably let her rest for a while longer, but I'll be there shortly and lend a hand.]

With that, he decisively relaxed his mind, intending to sleep. At the same moment, his shadow glided across the floor and slid out of the chamber. Assuming a human form on the stairs, Sunny stretched his arms above his head, sighed sweetly, and walked down with a spring in his step. Cassie was not too far away, buried under a pile of reports in her office. Walking in, Sunny picked one of them up and briefly studied the contents. 'Huh.'

On a usual day, his mood would have been dampened, but today, Sunny simply put the report down. "So soon?"

Cassie nodded. "The royal legions of the Song Army are already on the move. The Seventh Legion will be departing for the battlefield in a few hours, most likely."

She hesitated for a few moments, and then added:

"This time, Seishan and Beastmaster will be joining the fray, as well. Revel has not been seen on the surface since the battle for the Vanishing Lake, though… it is highly likely that she is leading an expedition to the Spine Ocean, already."

Sunny looked away, the darkness in his eyes growing a little bit deeper, and a little bit colder.

"What about the Sovereigns themselves?"

Cassie shook her head. "It seems that they are not going to take direct action against each other until both of the remaining Citadels are conquered. For now, they will be serving as a deterrent for each other… although I am not sure if Ki Song can even be contained. Her power is an insidious one, after all."

Sunny nodded slowly. "So… it is an all-out war."

Cassie leaned back in her seat and sighed. "...Yes. We have received orders to set out west a few hours ago. Nephis, the Fire Keepers, me, Saint Tyris, and the warriors of the White Feather clan — we'll be traveling to the battlefront on the Chain Breaker."

He frowned. Traveling aboard a flying ship was suicide in Godgrave. The only reason why such an order could have been given… was probably because of Sky Tide, who would be traveling with them.

Which also meant that she would be in the very thick of the bloodshed. Considering how important the role of Saint Tyris was, the champions of Clan Song would stop at nothing to eliminate her. Pairing her with Nephis was probably as much for her own protection as it was for the safety of the Chain Breaker. …And Sunny had to safeguard both Sky Tide and Nephis well.

He glanced at Cassie. "What about the Lord of Shadows?"

She shrugged. "I suspect that he will be summoned to participate in the first few major battles, at least. Beyond that, we will have to see what the King is planning." Sunny smiled darkly.

He remained silent for a few moments, and then said with cold indifference:

"Let's give them war, then."

Hearing his words, Cassie nodded slowly. "If that is the case, there are a lot of preparations that have to be done. Everyone is busy, so… I would appreciate some help."

She gestured to the pile of papers laying on her desk. Some were written in Braille, but some were not. Cassie needed someone's eyes to read them. Sunny silently walked to stand behind her shoulder and looked down. He hesitated for a few moments, and then couldn't help but ask:

"Don't you have any questions, by the way? About, you know…"

"I don't!"

Cassie's swift response came before he could even finish the question. Her voice was a little bit too loud, as well.

…Sunny could swear that the indomitable blind seer even blushed a little. Where was her composure? Where was her nonchalance?

He grinned. "Well, good. Don't be like Effie…"

Cassie took a deep breath.

"As if!"

He chuckled, then hesitated a little, and asked in a calm tone:

"How are things in Bastion?"

Cassie remained silent and motionless for a moment. When she spoke, though, Sunny couldn't help but flinch.

"...Bastion is gone."

Finally, a deep frown found its way onto his face. "Gone? What do you mean? Have Mordret taken it already?"

Cassie sighed, then shook her head. "No… I mean it is literally gone. The castle, the city, and the people."

Her voice grew somber:

"All that is left are the broken walls, the lake, and the shattered moon."

**********


                                Chapter 1980  Flawed Creation
--------------------
Morgan opened her eyes in the darkness. She had fallen asleep while sitting on the cold stone floor, her back leaning against a slab of crumbling stone. The wind was howling as it passed through the ruins of the main keep, and pale moonlight poured through the gaping holes of its partially collapsed dome. Taking a deep breath, she leaned on her sword and stood up. Her vermilion cloak had turned to tatters, and her black armor was broken and battered. Dismissing both Memories to give them some time to mend themselves, Morgan felt a cold wind caress her skin gently. It was a pleasant feeling, especially after days spent in frenetic fighting.

Her black tunic fluttered slightly, revealing how littered it was with tears, most of them crusted by blood. She sighed and listened to the sounds of the ruined castle, trying to evaluate if there were any immediate threats. It did not seem that way. Her companions would have warned her if the enemy was launching another attack… or if something else was. They would not have been eliminated without a fight, either, and there was no chance that she would have missed such a disturbance.

It seemed that Mordret was still licking his wounds after the last assault, just like they were.

'Good...'

Morgan walked into the moonlight and looked up at the tall dais towering above the ruined hall. There was no throne on the dais, and no altar. Instead, there was only an iron anvil. Beautiful swords were scattered on the floor below the dais, glistening in the cold moonlight. There had been a mountain of them here once, but her father had taken most of the swords with him to Godgrave, to use in the battle against the Raven Queen.

Morgan stared at the abandoned swords for a while, a strange mixture of regret and amusement shining in her striking scarlet eyes. It used to be that she admired the swords her father had forged quite a lot, never missing the chance to steal a look at them. But now, she saw them for what they were — flawed creations that had been discarded by their demanding creator for failing to live up to his harsh expectations. Morgan knew because she was one such creation herself. …Thank the gods.

People seemed to be disturbed by the notion, but she had always known that her father saw her as a blade to be forged into a flawless weapon more than he saw her as a human being. That was how he saw everyone, really, and the only distinction between her and the rest of them was that she had been the most promising of blades. One made of most precious steel, one that he had harbored the most hopes for, and had forged with most care.

Morgan knew that people had always misunderstood her father. To them, he was many things: a great warrior, a genius sorcerer, a wise ruler… a fearsome tyrant. But what he really was, first and foremost, was an artist. An artist who resented the deep imperfection of the world and rebelled against it, striving to create one flawless thing with all his heart. A flawless sword. Morgan had been meant to become that sword, so she understood him best, and she had been fine — happy, even — to carry that responsibility, despite how cold and harsh its weight was. She had been proud. It had all changed after Antarctica, of course.

Looking at the scattered swords, Morgan sighed. There, she had learned the error of her ways. Ever since being a child, Morgan had always done what she was told. She had followed the guidance of her father, enduring his harsh training by sacrificing most of what other children had, and what most other people cherished. She had always excelled, never failed, and satisfied his every demand. And she still lost. Which inevitably made her think about the reason for her defeat, of course. What Morgan realized as a result… was quite disturbing. If she had done everything her teachers told her to do flawlessly and without complaint, and still lost, then the fault did not lay with her.

Instead, the fault lay with her teachers, and the very form they were trying to mold her to… In truth, it was not just the King of Swords who had become disappointed in his daughter after Antarctica. Morgan had become disappointed in her father, too.

'Good thing I did.'

Looking at a beautiful, discarded sword that lay at her feet, Morgan smiled wistfully. She would have probably become an actual sword if she had continued to follow her father's will blindly. That would be quite a fitting Transcendent Transformation for a girl who had been raised to be a perfect tool… a pretty, deadly blade to be wielded by someone else. However, Morgan did not really want to be a sword, nor did she want to be wielded by another's hand. That seemed like quite a pathetic fate to her.

So, her Transcendent Transformation had turned out to be something else. Of course, she could still transform into a sword — if she wished to.

But that was not at all the only thing she could become. Picking up the abandoned sword, Morgan silently absorbed it into her body and smiled. '...How nice. I should have done this much sooner.' A moment later, her figure rippled, turning into a river of liquid metal. It flowed across the moonlit hall, drowning it. The violence of its passage put cracks into the marble floor and made slabs of stone crumble to dust. Sweeping every abandoned blade that lay forlorn on the below the dais, Morgan climbed the steps and swallowed the ancient anvil, as well. Finally, the river of liquid metal coalesced back into a human figure. A moment later, it regained color, and Morgan was back to her original self. Looking up, she observed the radiant remains of her shattered moon and sighed. "Time to face another day."

**********

