Shadow Slave - PART 142
Chapters 1411 to 1420
==============================


                                Chapter 1411 Monster Preserve
--------------------
Nephis, Cassie, and Jet stared at him incredulously. Pierced by three intense gazes, each belonging to a beautiful woman, Sunny shifted uncomfortably and pulled on the collar of the Shroud of Dusk.

"I, uh... I think I really need to start socializing with guys more... why am I always surrounded by lethal beauties?"

Eventually, Nephis repeated his words evenly: "Moves in a circle?"

Sunny nodded.

"Yes. I only became aware of it a few hours ago... or a few revolutions ago, to be precise. Think about it - the waters of the Great River represent time, and we are surrounded by an enormous whirlpool. So..."

He pointed to Jet.

"You only remember being on Wind Flower for a couple of hours, but in fact, you've been here for almost a year. The time you spent in the Nightmare is the same as Cassie."

Looking at their tense expressions, Sunny sighed.

"Well, in fact, what I said earlier is not entirely accurate. It seems that Nephis and I entered the Nightmare four months ago, while you and Cassie entered it more than a year ago. But there is no telling how many times the time repeated itself before I became aware of the loop, so... although I don't think that it's the case, we might very well have been stuck on this island for a hundred years. There's no way to tell unless we leave."

Everyone remained silent for a while. When the pause grew too long, Cassie finally asked in a hesitant tone:

"These previous... revolutions... do you mean that we have already explored the island several times, but you are the only one who remembers it?"

Sunny's face grew dark. He looked away, grimaced, and then said somberly:

"Explored the island? Not really. We barely left the beach when Undying Slaughter attacked Jet in the forest... each time, I went ahead to try and stop her, and each time, I died miserably. Jet, too."

Soul Reaper threw a sharp glance at him and paled a little. It was not a pleasant thing to hear that you had been killed. The corners of her mouth twisted into a dark smile.

"...How regrettable."

He sighed.

"This is the first time I managed to live past an hour. So, I don't really know much about the loop yet. I'm sure it doesn't terminate each time I die, which means that Nephis and Cassie must have lived longer. You might have even survived long enough to reach the termination point - but since your memories are erased between revolutions, it's impossible to tell."

Nephis raised an eyebrow.

"Why are you the only one who remembers?"

Sunny pointed to the Sin of Solace - the sword, not the wraith - which lay on a crate nearby.

"I suspect it has something to do with this cursed sword of mine. Its... spirit... was actually the first one to show signs of knowing about the loop."

She seemed to accept the explanation after thinking about it for a few moments.

Jet sighed and leaned forward to pour herself more tea. Cassie gripped the Guiding Light tighter, lost in thought.

After a minute passed in silence, Nephis looked at Sunny and asked:

"What is Undying Slaughter like?"

His expression froze. Struggling to suppress an involuntary shiver, Sunny lingered for a few moments, and then said evenly:

"...She's a horror."

He grimaced, and then described his encounters with the Defiled monstrosity in as much detail as he could. As he did, the faces of his companions grew more and more somber. Eventually, Nephis briefly glanced at Jet, and then looked away.

"Formidable. If we attack together, what do you think our chances will be?"

Sunny slowly shook his head.

"At least some of us will die... all of us, most likely. Especially with how low on essence you are."

She sighed.

"...Then we avoid battle, for now."

He blinked.

"For now?"

Nephis looked at him and shrugged calmly.

"We'll have to face the Six Plagues eventually. Now, however, is not the right time."

Sunny was a little bit aggrieved.

'Did she not hear how absolutely terrifying that thing is?'

But then again... it was Nephis he was talking about. Actually, it was already incredible that she had not suggested attacking Undying Slaughter right away, saying something like "it's just a Defiled version of one of the most deadly Masters in the world, but long past reaching Sainthood".

That was personal growth right there!

Cassie slowly shook her head.

"We might avoid fighting Undying Slaughter, but I don't think we can avoid battle."

Jet looked at her curiously.

"What do you mean?"

The blind girl hesitated for a moment.

"If it's like Sunny said, then I finally understand why this place feels so dangerous. Think about it... previously, we only knew that no one returns from Wind Flower. Human ships, the Defiled, Nightmare Creatures - very few things that enter the whirlpool can ever escape. I assumed that all these beings had perished here, somehow. But if some of them are trapped in this time loop just like us..."

Her face paled a little.

"...Then this island is teeming with all kinds of abominations that have been caught, but managed to reach the island instead of being swallowed by the vortex. How many of them must have accumulated here over the centuries? How many horrors are hiding in the mist?"

Cassie shook her head.

"If the time loop really exists, then Wind Flower... it's like a monster preserve."

And uneasy silence settled in the cargo bay. Everyone's expressions grew ugly.

'A monster preserve...'

Sunny looked resentfully into the distance. She was right... considering the pulling force of the vortex, all kinds of abominable creatures must have been caught by the whirlpool over the centuries. Most of them had perished in its depths, but plenty would have managed to reach the island. And since time here was stagnant, moving in a circle... all of them were still here, good as new.

A chill crept up his spine.

This place... just what kind of hell was it?

Nephis, meanwhile, rose and put her hand on the hilt of her sword. Her usually impassive face was somber, but determined.

"Be that as it may... our goal still remains the same."

The rest of them looked at her silently. She frowned.

"Our goal was to find Effie and Soul Reaper Jet, then return to Fallen Grace. We are still missing Effie, so... no matter if there is a time anomaly or not, nothing really changed. We have no choice but to venture out, find her, and escape."

Sunny gave her a grim look.

"There is one problem, though. Who is going to fuel the Chain Breaker with essence? Yours is already consumed, and it won't be sufficiently replenished any time soon."

Nephis shrugged.

"You can do it, as long as we time our escape and leave at dusk. Or dawn."

He sighed, then stood up and nodded.

"Alright, then. I agree... the longer we wait, the higher the chances are that Effie will meet fatal danger. Let's make a detour to avoid Undying Slaughter and follow the Guiding Light deeper inland."

Jet winced, but stood up, too. Her bandages were painted red by blood.

"Count me in."

Finally, only Cassie was left sitting.

She glanced at the sacred staff in her hand, then rose and took a deep breath.

"...No time to waste, then."

After spending a little time to discuss their strategy and prepare, the group left the Chain Breaker and stepped on the white sand once again.

**********


                                Chapter 1412 Misty Forest
--------------------
Sunny had managed to survive longer than an hour. He had avoided clashing with Undying Slaughter, and even rescued Jet... And yet, he was not very reassured.

As the cohort left the Chain Breaker behind and ventured into the swirling mist once again, he was not confident that they would survive at all. In fact, he dreaded Wind Flower even more.

"How many times do you think you can die before sanity abandons you completely?"

The Sin of Solace, who was walking alongside him, was not helping at all.

The sword wraith laughed.

"Considering how thick your skull is... I'd wager a few dozen times more. Yes, after that, you'll probably turn into a drooling fool. Gods. I wonder if I'll still be stuck with you after you've become a vegetable..."

Trying to ignore the infuriating apparition, Sunny kept his eyes on the fog.

'In your dreams.'

He only had to take one look at Nightmare to know that a few dozen deaths would not break him. The Sin of Solace was simply gloating.

A few years of torturous deaths, though...

'We need to escape this horrible place as soon as possible.'

The cohort was advancing up the beach in a similar formation to the previous revolutions, but now, Jet was walking behind Sunny and Nephis. Cassie had summoned her Echoes, as well, who were now moving in front of Nightmare.

Together, they represented a formidable battle force... and yet, Sunny did not know if their power was enough to survive the suffocating fog of Wind Flower.

'I'm starting to understand why there are so few Saints around...'

This time, they chose a direction opposite of where the stone steps - and Undying Slaughter - were. Instead of moving directly toward the cliffs, they followed along the edge of the island, eventually reaching the border of the bay.

There, they ascended the wall of black rock and reached the plateau above. Sunny used Shadow Step to arrive there first and guarded the landing until the other members of the cohort climbed up. By the time everyone did, the second hour since their arrival on Wind Flower should have been well over.

Above the cliffs, it was the same landscape. A forest of tall pine trees stretched in front of them, white fog swirling between the ancient trunks. Being in the mist had felt suffocating from the very start... but now that Sunny knew that a dreadful wraith could be hiding in it, the feeling grew ten times worse.

The Echo of the sybil glided forward, the hem of her red dress hovering just above the moss. The rest of them followed.

They followed the soft radiance of the Guiding Light into the murky depths of the forest. The fog swallowed everything behind, muffling the sounds and flowing slowly between the ancient trees. A few minutes passed in tense silence, then a few more.

It was hard to keep track of time in this misty limbo, but eventually, Sunny judged that another hour had passed. At that time, Nephis raised a hand and said:

"Stop."

She seemed to have recovered from essence exhaustion - enough so, at least, to regain access to her Dormant Ability. Now that she had, Jet could finally be healed.

Sunny and Cassie watched the fog as Nephis placed her hands on Soul Reaper's back. They shone with soft white light, and soon, Jet's face cleared. She took a deep breath and smiled in satisfaction.

At the same time, Neph's eyes grew a little cloudy. She sighed softly and took a step back. If Sunny did not know better, he would not have suspected that she was enduring harrowing pain.

"Let's continue."

They were about to move again when Cassie suddenly turned her head. The blind girl remained motionless for a moment, then jumped down from Nightmare's back.

"Something is approaching! Get ready!"

'Curses!'

Sunny snarled, holding the Sin of Solace in one hand and the Cruel Sight - in its short sword form - in another. Nephis swiftly drew her longsword and dismissed its scabbard. Jet raised her glaive into a high stance.

Saint, Fiend, Nightmare, and the two Echoes moved to surround the humans in a protective circle. The Quiet Dancer floated up and hovered above Cassie's shoulder, its tip pointing into the depths of the forest.

Everything grew still for a moment.

Sunny stared into the swirling mist, not knowing where the attack would come from. He couldn't see anything... couldn't hear anything. Even his shadow sense was suppressed.

"Above us!"

'Damna...'

Before he could finish the thought, something massive fell on them from above.

'...tion!'

It was a huge, grotesque Nightmare Creature that resembled a carcass of an enormous black leopard, its bones protruding from the rotting flesh. Its tale was abnormally long, segmented, and ended in a revolting circular maw that brimmed with needle-like teeth. The creature's own yellow canines, though, were much more terrifying - each was as long as a greatsword and covered in dried blood.

The abomination was so large that its shadow covered the entire cohort. Much worse... the moment Sunny saw it, he felt an invisible pressure wash over him, filling his heart with a sense of dread.

It was a Great Beast.

...Before the monstrosity could plummet on the cohort, two towering shadow tentacles rose from the ground and entangled its front limbs, slowing the creature down. The beast's skeletal jaws snapped viciously, obliterating the manifested shadows in an instant, but it gave the members of the cohort enough time, at least, to dash in different directions.

The abomination landed on the spot where they had been a split second ago. The ghastly tail of the creature was already shooting back with terrifying speed, its circular maw opened to bite into Cassie's flesh. The blind girl sidestepped, barely avoiding being torn apart by it, and brought her staff down on the segmented tail.

A moment later, she was flung aside like an ant.

On the other side, the beast swiped its rotting paw in the direction Sunny and Nephis. Augmented by the shadows and soul flame, both managed to dodge the lethal blow... even if it was just by a hair's breadth.

But as soon as they did, the creature's jaws were already in front of them, ready to snap shut and turn the two humans into chunks of torn meat. Neither Sunny nor Nephis had regained their balance yet - there was no for them to evade.

Luckily, at that moment, Saint crashed into the side of the abomination's head, using her shield as a siege ram. The power of the blow was terrible enough to bring a fortress wall down, but the skull of the Great Beast only swung to the side a little. It did not seem as if the creature had sustained any damage at all.

And all of that - from the moment the creature landed to now - only took a split second to happen.

'Not good...'

The Azure Serpent had been a king among beasts, while this one was merely a beast... and yet, it was a Great Nightmare Creature. It was too powerful, too fast, and too resilient.

'Can we defeat it?'

Sunny knew that they could. With his Shadows, Cassie's Echoes, and especially the Crown of Dawn... they had a non-negligible chance of defeating this monstrosity.

However, they could also all die here.

'I don't want to die...'

Even knowing that he would most likely return to the starting point of the loop, Sunny still shuddered at the thought of having his flesh torn apart and his bones ground to dust. He was even more reluctant to watch his companions be killed by the ghastly abomination.

'It's simple... don't die, then.'

Gritting his teeth, he lunged forward.

**********


                                Chapter 1413 Falling Trees
--------------------
1413 Falling Trees

The Quiet Dancer zipped through the air and hit the base of the Great Beast's revolting tail. However, the sharp tip of the temperamental Echo bounced off the tough hide of the creature without leaving even a scratch on it.

At the same time, Fiend growled and put himself in the path of the creature's crushing paw. The towering ogre was barely able to grasp it — the decaying claws of the abomination struck him on the chest, leaving deep grooves in the black silver. The ground under the gluttonous Shadow caved in, but he remained standing.

For a moment.

Then, the horrid beast pushed Fiend down and covered him with its massive paw. At the same time, Saint dodged the snapping jaws and lashed out with her sword, leaving a thin crack on the creature's skeletal snout.

The dead sybil and the clockwork swordsmen attacked the enemy from behind. Nightmare rammed into it, lowering his head to gore the abominations with his horns.

Then, all of them were flung aside. The steel mannequin dissolved into a rain of sparks, destroyed. The sybil collided with a trunk of an ancient pine, shattered it into splinters, and fell to the ground, unmoving. Nightmare barely managed to dissolve into the shadows in time, but still lost a large chunk of flesh. Saint blocked the blow with her shield and slid a dozen meters back.

The Shadows and the Echoes only lasted a second against the Great Beast's fury.

But that second gave Sunny time to call upon the shadows and manifest them into the Shadowspawn Shell. He wished he could assume the form of the Onyx Serpent, but it was poorly suited for battles on land.

A tide of darkness flowed from the open gate of the Shadow Lantern, rising to form into countless chains. They bound the ghastly creature like ropes, but were torn apart a moment later.

Sunny, Nephis, and Jet launched their attack.

Neph's silvery longsword ignited with blinding radiance as she dove under the abomination's jaws and thrust her weapon into its neck. Sunny delivered a devastating blow to the monstrous leopard's snout — empowered by the Crown of Dawn, the Sin of Solace sent a few small fragments of bone flying. Jet lunged at the Great Beast from the side, aiming to plunge her glaive into its very soul.

But before she could, the long, flexible tail of the horrid creature whipped around. Jet barely managed to avoid it by dashing back, while Sunny was not so lucky. His movements were suppressed by the need to keep himself away from the harrowing jaws, and so, the circular maw at the end of the segmented tail greedily closed on the side of the shadowspawn.

The right shoulder and side of his shell were entirely destroyed. Sunny instantly lost two of his four arms — one simply disappeared, the other fell apart, revealing shredded human flesh beneath.

Neph's sword pierced the Great Beast's neck, but before she could deal significant damage, a lightning-fast strike of a mighty paw destroyed the radiant blade and sent her rolling away.

Sunny stumbled back, desperately trying to prevent his shell from crumbling and using the shadows of the misty forest to try and hastily repair the damage.

They had managed to make the Great Beast bleed… or rather, delivered it a wound. The decaying creature did not seem like something that had blood running through its veins. However…

'Does it even mean anything?'

Just in a few seconds, one of Cassie's Echoes had been destroyed, while the other one was heavily damaged. Nightmare was already wounded. Fiend had escaped from beneath the creature's paw, and Saint seemed unharmed as well… but Sunny himself was already injured. His arm was a mess of torn flesh, and although he would not suffer from blood loss, it was in a bad state.

Would they be able to kill the ghastly abomination?

For a split second, the violence subsided.

Nephis had nimbly jumped to her feet and was already summoning a different weapon. Jet had regained her balance. Sunny switched to a one-hand grip and prepared both of his swords for an attack. Saint was already closing distance…

Cassie was moving forward, the Guiding Light shimmering in the fog.

The decaying leopard opened its skeletal maw and let out a chilling, gurgling growl.

When Sunny heard it, his vision blurred slightly.

'A mental attack?'

His resistance to mind attacks was high enough to shrug it off, but he felt cold dread nevertheless. Handling the overwhelming physical might of the enormous Great Beast was already close to impossible… if the abominations possessed more means of subjugating its enemies, this battle would swiftly turn from ugly to hopeless.

…It was then that another sound reached their ears.

Echoing eerily in the fog, a loud crack resounded, as if a tree had snapped and was falling somewhere in the forest.

The horrid leopard suddenly froze.

Its skeletal snout turned, and it lowered its body low to the ground. The segmented tail rose like that of a scorpion, protecting the creature's back.

'What… what is this?'

Why did it look as if the Great Beast was… afraid?

Before Sunny could really react, the abominations suddenly moved… and rushed away, disappearing into the mist. The wind risen by its departure threw Neph's hair into disarray.

The members of the cohort remained motionless, confused and unnerved by what had just happened. Keeping their weapons in defensive stances, they covered each other's backs and stared tensely into the fog.

"What… what is going on?"

Jet's voice sounded grim and hoarse.

The thick fog veiled everything around. All they could see were the nearest trees and the cold ground under their feet. The ghastly leopard had disappeared like a ghost — there was nothing left but silence.

Then, another loud crack resounded somewhere in the forest, followed by a muffled rustling. Sunny spun, trying to pinpoint where the noise was coming from.

There was another echoing crack, and then another, louder one. Because of the mist, it was hard to tell where the trees were falling, and why. However… the cracks were growing closer.

'Damn it!'

Slowly, the disparate cracks grew into a cacophony of noise, and Sunny felt the ground quaking beneath his feet.

…Then, everything suddenly grew silent once again.

Standing back to back with Nephis, Cassie, and Jet, he stared into the fog, feeling cold sweat rolling down his face.

The blind girl suddenly shifted, sharply turning around. Following her motion, Sunny saw something dark flying at them from the mist. Cursing, he dodged and felt a large object hitting the ground behind him.

Spinning around, Sunny raised the Sin of Solace… and froze.

His eyes widened.

Out there in front of him, laying on the ground, was the ghastly leopard. Or rather...

Its head.

The skeletal snout was shattered, and the gaping hollows where the abomination's eyes should have been were dark and empty. There was nothing below the creature's mangled neck, but it did not seem as if it had been severed. Instead, it seemed as if someone — or something — had violently ripped the abomination's head off with nothing but brutal strength.

The Great Beast was dead.

Sunny couldn't help but tremble.

'What… what the hell? What could have ripped a Great Beast apart?!'

Flinching, he forced himself to look away from the revolting head and peered into the fog.

'Where is it… where…'

He couldn't see anything. He couldn't hear anything. He couldn't sense anything.

Sunny gritted his teeth and forced himself to calm down.

Cassie.

Even if he didn't know from which direction the attack would come from, Cassie would. She could see a few seconds into the future, after all — it was all but impossible to get her by surprise.

Turning slightly, Sunny tensely studied the blind girl. She was holding the Guiding Light in front of her, ready to deflect a sudden attack. It seemed that she had not felt anything dangerous, yet…

'Maybe it's go…'

But then, Cassie's shoulders trembled slightly. Her Aspect Ability had shown her the future.

...She did not turn to face the unseen enemy, though.

Instead, her hands dropped, and she lowered her head.

Which meant…

That in the future Cassie saw, there was no escape.

Sunny stared at her in disbelief.

'No!'

A moment later, he was swallowed by a heavy shadow.

Looking up, Sunny saw a hand stretching toward them from the fog above. It seemed like a human hand… except that it was almost the same size as the Great Beast had been. He could see the lines on the giant palm, and the blackened, broken, bloodied nails at the ends of the long, bruised fingers.

The giant hand moved deceptively slow… but before Sunny could even blink, it was already upon them.

Without ever slowing down, it smashed into the members of the cohort, squashing them like bugs.

Sunny died.

This time, his death was mercifully swift.

***

...Sunny waited for a moment, then slowly straightened.

The deck of the Chain Breaker felt solid under his feet. This time, he simply peered into the fog instead of looking around… not that he could see anything.

His gaze was dark and hollow.

'...I failed again.'

His face was pale and unmoving.

In front of him, the mists of Wind Flower flowed slowly, swirling in indifference as they devoured the world.

Everything was as it had been before.

**********


                                Chapter 1414 Bone Garden
--------------------
1414 Bone Garden

Nephis and Cassie were talking about the Guiding Light. With no one noticing his hollow eyes, Sunny lingered for a while, then walked over to Nightmare. He reached to adjust the stirrups and froze.

After a moment of hesitation, Sunny climbed into the saddle instead.

His companions looked at him in confusion.

"Sunny?"

He stared into the mist.

"Stay here for a while. Please. I'll… I'll be back soon."

With that, Nightmare leaped off the deck of the Chain Breaker and carried him into the fog.

'Damn it, damn it, damn it…'

The ghastly leopard had already been bad enough, and yet… Sunny felt that the cohort would have been able to slay the dreadful creature, if at a steep cost.

But that bloodied hand…

They had not even caught a glimpse of the nebulous being that wandered the mist, snapping the towering pine trees like matchsticks. It had torn a Great Beast apart and obliterated them so casually… how was Sunny supposed to contend with something that oppressive and ineffable?

It felt as though something was pressing down heavily on his heart.

Was it… fear?

'Damn it!'

Gritting his teeth, Sunny guided Nightmare into the misty forest.

He spent some time searching for Jet, found her, and brought her back to the Chain Breaker.

He waited for her to explain how she had ended up on Wind Flower, then told everyone about the time loop. There were some deviations from the previous conversations, but mostly, it went almost exactly the same.

In the end, Nephis suggested going after Effie once again.

Sunny stared at her in silence, remembering the brief, but gruesome moment of all of them being crushed under the giant, bloodied palm. Then, he shook his head somberly.

"We tried already. As I said… it didn't end well."

Nephis met his gaze, a subtle frown twisting the beautiful lines of her face.

"We can do better this time. What's the alternative? Give up and run?"

She shook her head.

"No, we can't even run away until nightfall. Before then, you won't have enough essence to empower the Chain Breaker and carry us across the vortex."

Sunny sighed and rose to his feet. Glancing at his companions, he said:

"I agree, we must continue trying. But we don't need to keep trying the same thing. Our combined strength is not enough to brave the mist, at least not when we don't know anything about the dangers it hides."

Jet leaned back, then winced when her wounded back touched the bulkhead and returned to her previous position.

"So, what do you suggest?"

Sunny shrugged.

"Use speed instead of strength. The group of us was intercepted and killed, but a single swift scout can make it through. Basically, I'll go retrieve Effie the same way I retrieved Jet. You three stay here, recover, and treat her wounds."

Nephis lingered for a while. It was hard to read her expression, but she seemed reluctant to let Sunny take all the risk.

"I don't like it."

He shrugged.

"What does that have to do with anything? Like it or not, that seems to be the best option right now."

They discussed the situation some more, but in the end, Sunny managed to convince the other members of the cohort to stay hidden aboard the Chain Breaker.

It wasn't that unreasonable, anyway. Nephis was suffering from essence exhaustion, Jet was heavily injured, and Cassie did not possess a lot of physical prowess — despite her insidious Aspect, she was at her weakest in battles against overwhelmingly powerful adversaries.

Considering her lacking physicality, an enemy who was fast, strong, and inevitable enough would leave no opportunity for the blind girl to exploit. Sensing a few seconds into the future was useless if those seconds did not allow her to change anything.

"I'm going."

Saying those words, Sunny once again rode Nightmare and dove into the mist.

'I can do it… I can… can I do it?'

This time, he was holding the Guiding Light in his hand. The softly shining crystal at the tip of the sacred staff was pointing deeper inland.

However…

Sunny couldn't follow its guidance directly. Somewhere out there in front of him, Undying Slaughter was hiding in the mist. To his left was the territory of the Great Beast, the decaying leopard. That was also where they had met the harrowing giant the last time.

So, this time, Sunny turned right.

Reaching the end of the beach, he and Nightmare turned into shadows and scaled the black cliffs. Sunny had passed this way once already, the first time he had carried Jet back. However, that time, they had been moving along the outer border of the island, so he did not know what was waiting for him on the surface.

There was only the same forest, and the same fog. Leaving the shadows, he sent Nightmare running across the narrow strip of land between the edge of the cliffs and trees.

It was some time before the trees receded, and the forest suddenly came to an end.

Sunny stopped his steed, looking forward tensely.

In front of him, the pine trees gave way to an open field. Most of it was obscured by mist, but he could see vague shapes rising from it like tall pillars. They emanated a chilling, dire, and vaguely familiar feeling.

Sunny hesitated for a while, then turned into a shadow and cautiously slithered forward.

Soon, the tall shapes revealed themselves fully. He grew somber after recognizing them for what they were — the towering pillars were, in fact, giant bones.

The entire shore in this part of Wind Flower was littered by them, as if it was a graveyard for all kinds of gargantuan beings. From the look of the ancient remains, the leviathans that had left them behind were all Nightmare Creatures — abominable, dreadful, and appalling dwellers of the depths.

Sunny was both shocked and unnerved by witnessing the skeletal remains of so many depth dwellers.

Had their bones been carried here by someone? Had the abominations come to this shore to die on their own over the ages? Or had there been a titanic battle here that led to all these monstrous creatures being slaughtered by an unknown assailant?

He did not know.

What he did now, however…

Suppressing his panic, Sunny hid in the skull of an especially large creature and looked ahead.

There, no more than two dozen meters away from him, something dark and massive had just moved in the fog.

**********


                                Chapter 1415 Empty Shells
--------------------
1415 Empty Shells

Sunny would have held his breath if he wasn't a shadow at the moment. Out there, in front of him, something massive was hiding in the fog. If not for the slight movement just now, he would have mistaken it for another pile of towering bones… that movement might have saved his life.

'Curse it…'

Because of the mist, he could only see a vague, dark shape. The details were obscured, and he could tell that the creature was enormous. It also instilled him with a deep, bestial feeling of dread.

A strange, sweet smell permeated the air.

Sunny froze, hiding in the skull of a dead leviathan. He did not know what to do — moving forward was out of the question. But moving back could potentially inform the enemy of his presence as well.

That only left Shadow Step.

However, before he tried to slip away, Sunny lingered for a few moments.

Something was gnawing at him. Why did this presence feel… familiar?

He had felt a strange familiarity ever since entering the monster graveyard. It was faint, but unmistakable.

'Why?'

Had he been to this part of the island already, in one of the revolutions that he did not remember? No, that did not make any sense. Before becoming aware of the loop, Sunny had to have repeated the same actions over and over — going forward alone to rescue Jet, and dying to Undying Slaughter's ghostly blade.

So how could anything on Wind Flower feel familiar?

At that moment, a strong gale blew from the direction of the vortex, and the mist receded.

The giant creature hiding in the fog was revealed in all its eerie, grotesque beauty.

Sunny shuddered.

The massive shape he had noticed… was a revolting butterfly.

The butterfly's wings and back were black, but its body and underbelly were the color of white bone. It had six long, seemingly fragile legs that ended in sharp points, and two enormous, faceted eyes that were like orbs of pure darkness. Between them was a disturbingly long, oily-black beak, which was currently bent into a spiral like an elephant's trunk. Two long antennae rose from its head.

The eerie black butterfly was about a hundred meters in size.

It was the same Great Monster that had battled the Serpent King for an entire month for the right to devour the remains of the Black Turtle.

'The… the Dark Butterfly? What is it doing here?'

For a few moments, Sunny's mind was in turmoil. He had traveled so far into the past from the beginning of the Nightmare, and yet, this grotesque horror somehow ended catching up to him nevertheless. Had it been following him and Nephis from the start?

But then, Sunny felt a hint of relief.

Although this abomination was almost exactly like the Great Monster he was familiar with, it was also subtly different. The pattern of bone-white scales on its belly was not the same. The jagged edges of its wings were not the same. The length of its antennae was not the same, either.

Sunny had been staring at the original Dark Butterfly for an entire month, so he remembered its ethereally alien appearance in perfect detail.

This one… might have belonged to the same tribe of Nightmare Creatures, but was a different abomination altogether.

Which was not to say that it wasn't equally harrowing.

'Damn it!'

First a Great Beast, and now a Great Monster… just how impossible was this Third Nightmare supposed to be? And here he was, hoping that things would go easier if he chose a different path this time.

Sunny swallowed his resentment and stared at the gargantuan abomination. The thing was much, much larger than the Chain Breaker… if they tried to fly away from the island and were caught by it in the air, there was no doubt what fate awaited them.

Things had just gotten much more complicated.

'I'll have to go around the monster graveyard, for now.'

The mist was already flowing back to hide the eerie creature. Before it did, Sunny followed a whim and peered into the soul of the Dark Butterfly, wanting to make sure that it, too, was a Great Monster.

Then, he froze, dumbfounded. A few moments passed before a coherent thought could form in his mind:

'...What?'

Beneath the surface of the aerial giant's carapace, where the tendrils of the revolting darkness were supposed to be… there was nothing.

There were no nodes of spreading Corruption. And neither were there radiant suns of shining soul cores. Instead, the creature's soul was empty.

No. There was no soul inside that monstrous body at all.

The Dark Butterfly was…

'It's Hollow?'

Sunny knew of Awakened who had lost their souls in the Dream Realm, and were left as empty shells — living, but truly dead. However, he had never heard of anything similar happening to Nightmare Creatures.

How could it, if abominations did not travel between the two worlds in their sleep? Their rotten souls were always safely anchored within their bodies.

Of course… if an abomination's soul was somehow destroyed without damaging the body, there was a small chance that the body would continue to live on. Empty and void of conscience.

He hesitated for a few moments, and then cautiously left the skull of a dead leviathan. Sliding closer to the giant butterfly, Sunny extended his senses and studied its shadow.

The shadow was empty, like the shadows of all inanimate objects were.

The Dark Butterfly that had frightened him so much… was it no threat at all?

Sunny remained in the form of the shadow for a while, observing the gargantuan creature. The Great Monster sat among the bones with its wings laying listlessly on the ground. It seemed to be breathing, but other than that, it remained absolutely still. Its giant, faceted eyes were dull and empty.

After a while, Sunny returned to his tangible form and cautiously approached the creature. Even when he walked to stand under its terrifying beak, the Dark Butterfly did not react.

'It truly is Hollow.'

He hesitated for a few moments, then looked down. There, in the shadow of the creature's wings, clusters of revolting eggs were embedded into slimy cocoons. Each egg was twice the size of Sunny and translucent. He could see the viscous, milky liquid and the shapes of giant worm-like larvae within.

The shadows of the eggs were just as lifeless as the butterfly itself.

Sunny stared at the eggs for a while, then threw a glance at the Great Monster. Then, holding his breath, he walked forward and sliced one open with the Sin of Solace.

The revolting larva fell apart and convulsed, dead.

However, the Spell did not announce a kill. He did not receive shadow fragments, either.

There were no soul shards in the repulsive flesh of the dead, giant worm.

'...Hollow.'

Sunny shivered.

'What is going on?'

Suddenly terrified, he backed away, then turned around and walked into the mist. It took him a lot of effort to not run.

All of it… the torturous deaths, the suffocating mist, the orchard of ancient bones, the Hollow monster… was too much to endure.

Walking among the remains of dead horrors, enveloped in milky fog, Sunny couldn't help but feel that this hell was everything there was to the world. Everything else — all that existed in his memory — felt like a strange, distant dream.

Climbing into the saddle of Nightmare, he raised the Guiding Light and slumped, trembling.

After a while, he said hoarsely:

"...Let's go."

Soon, the towering bones disappeared into the mist.

**********


                                Chapter 1416 Invisible Scars
--------------------
1416 Invisible Scars

As Nightmare carried him away from the graveyard of horrors, Sunny managed to regain some of his composure. By then, they were moving deeper inland, following the light of the sacred staff. Effie was supposed to be at the end of that light.

As time passed, he couldn't help but think back to the Hollow Butterfly.

The Great Monster must have landed on the hidden island a long time ago — but also only a few hours ago — to lay eggs. Then, it was caught in the time loop and somehow ended up with its soul destroyed.

Sunny had never heard about a Nightmare Creature becoming Hollow, but it was not impossible. The question was… how had it happened?

The obvious answer was that the gargantuan creature had been attacked by someone who could destroy souls. When a soul was destroyed, the body usually died with it… but on rare occasions, it survived. That was how Hollow humans appeared, so the same thing could have happened to this Great Monster.

There certainly could be a creature capable of shattering souls on this hellish island… and powerful enough to slay a Great Monster. In fact, Sunny did not even need to ponder long to think of one.

Wasn't Undying Slaughter a perfect candidate?

Killing a Great Monster was all but a hopeless endeavor for the members of the cohort, but to the mist wraith, it would be no different from what facing Carapace Centurions had been for the Sleepers of the Forgotten Shore.

Fatally dangerous, but not at all impossible.

There could be more soul breakers on Wind Flower, as well.

That said…

Somehow, Sunny did not think that that was what had happened.

Not because he didn't think that Undying Slaughter was incapable of slaying the Dark Butterfly, but because he didn't think that she was capable of doing so without leaving any trace of the battle.

The Dark Butterfly was a Great Monster, and as such, it possessed two Corruption Cores. That meant that the Defiled wraith had to deliver at least two blows to its soul in order to destroy it. Would the aerial horror have remained idle while it was being killed?

Not a chance. If it had been attacked, the whole place would have been turned upside down with one flip of its enormous wings.

And yet, there was no trace of destruction around the monstrous butterfly. The bones surrounding it were unharmed, and the ground was unbroken. All its eggs were whole.

It was almost as if…

The Great Monster had simply ceased to be, peacefully and without even noticing.

The same went for the revolting larvae.

'How could it be?'

Sunny felt a cold shiver run down his spine.

He had no reason to make this conclusion… but he felt that he had an idea.

Was it because of the time loop?

Riding through the mist, Sunny gripped the Guiding Light tighter.

The Sin of Solace had asked him before how many deaths Sunny would be able to endure before turning into a drooling fool. The answer was… quite a lot. But there was no question that he had a limit.

After spending a few years on Wind Flower, his mental state would inevitably deteriorate. Although his flesh was miraculously restored every time he returned to the starting point of the loop, the mental scars remained.

What about spiritual scars?

Sunny did not know a lot about souls, but he knew that they could be damaged. They could also be healed, and possessed the ability to slowly mend themselves, just like flesh did.

And just like flesh… there was a limit to how much punishment souls could withstand.

So, what was going to happen to his soul after he spent a long time being killed and reborn in the loop? Would it be covered by scars and gaping wounds?

Was it going to collapse, eventually?

Maybe it would take a year, or a few years, or a few hundred years. Or a few months.

When would his soul reach its limit?

Sunny was unique, because he had become aware of the loop and kept his memories after returning to the past. As far as he knew, no one except him bore the mental scars of the previous revolutions. Their minds were wiped clean.

But maybe their souls weren't, at least not entirely.

So, if the Dark Butterfly had landed on Wind Flower countless years ago… maybe even the soul of a Great Monster could not withstand the terrible curse of the whirlpool of time.

'I… I have to be careful.'

If a Great Monster — a creature with a soul infinitely more vast and potent than his — had been made Hollow by the time loop, then Sunny would be, as well.

He had never consciously relied on the nature of the repeating time, but deep down inside, Sunny was consoled by the thought that his failures would be erased, and he would get another chance.

And then another, and another, and another…

But all this time, he was most likely on a timer.

Time was merciless, and even when it repeated itself, living beings were not meant to be eternal.

'I have to make each revolution count.'

Steeling himself, Sunny looked into the surrounding mist and forced himself to calm down.

Right now, he needed to survive the trip into the depths of the island, find Effie, and return to the Chain Breaker. That was all he had to think about.

There were many harrowing creatures hiding in the fog, without a doubt. But he was one of the most elusive Awakened in the world… even in the Antarctic Center, when everyone had perished, Sunny managed to escape alive.

He might not be able to slay Undying Slaughter, the dreadful giant wandering the mist, and the other abominations trapped on Wind Flower… but he would at least have a chance to run away from them.

'Not the most courageous statement, but who needs courage, anyway? Being a coward is what keeps people alive.'

He vaguely remembered lecturing Master Roan on the topic. That past seemed so distant…

Sunny wondered how the White Feather Clan was doing. By now, Antarctica must have been completely decimated. Had Saint Tyris and her people been able to evacuate in time, or were they gone, too?

Shaking his head, he threw all unnecessary thoughts away and concentrated on his surroundings.

Nightmare had carried him far inland, by now. They were once again in the pine forest, but… did it only seem that way, or was the mist less thick here?

Somewhat surprised, Sunny realized that he could see much further in the fog than he had before. The ground was also inclined, as if they were climbing a hill.

The higher they climbed and the closer to the center of Wind Flower they traveled, the less oppressive the mist became.

And then, when they finally crested the hill…

Sunny stopped Nightmare and looked up, feeling a cold shadow fall upon him.

In front of him, some distance away, a tall tower rose into the sky.

Its windows were dark, except for one.

At the very top of the tower, a single window shone with a bright, warm, welcoming light.

**********


                                Chapter 1417 War Beast
--------------------
Sunny remained motionless for a while, looking at the landscape in front of him.

The tower stood on a tall black cliff, perched on top of it like a grey obelisk. There were stone steps climbing down the cliff from its ornate gate, leading to a bridge that arched across the wide moat. Surrounded by the forest from all sides, the tower was like an island in the sea of swirling white mist.

The light in one of its windows was not the only peculiar thing Sunny had noticed, too.

The most striking detail was the moat itself. The water in it was churning and flowing, moving endlessly in a circle. The current was powerful enough to dissuade Sunny from trying to cross it - not he would consider doing such a thing on an island surrounded by a mysterious whirlpool of time.

That made the bridge the only feasible way of getting to the tower apart from flying. The bridge, however...

Sunny's expression dimmed.

The bridge was littered with inhuman bones. There were a few living Nightmare Creatures standing on it, as well - all of them stiff and eerily motionless, as if petrified. Just one look at that scene made Sunny reluctant to go anywhere near the bridge.

He did not need to, anyway. The Guiding Light was pointing past the tower, at the vast expanse of the misty forest behind it. Effie seemed to have landed on the opposite side of the island from Jet.

Still, it was not going to hurt him to observe the tower some more. It was the former citadel of the powerful Seeker who had once lived on Wind Flower, after all - even though investigating it was not the reason why Sunny and his companions had arrived at the island, he had a sneaking suspicion that they would end up having to, somehow.

After staring at the tower for a while longer, Sunny noticed that there were runes carved into the base of the black cliff. They were hard to notice from a distance due to the color of the weathered rock, but he had no doubt that there was a massive enchantment of some sort surrounding the Seeker's citadel.

Perhaps the bones littering the bridge ended up there because of the enchantment.

Finally, Sunny looked up and focused on the single illuminated window at the top of the tower.

'I do wonder what is hidden there.'

But it was not his business. Not in this revolution, at least...

Rather, Sunny was concerned that the Nightmare Creatures standing motionlessly on the bridge would regain their senses and catch his scent. Throwing a look at them, he grimaced.

'Corrupted Tyrant, Great Beast... a Terror...'

The last one did not even look like something that should be able to exist on land. How had that thing reached so far inland? Sunny shook his head, reluctant to find out.

He was ready to send Nightmare away when the ground quaked subtly under them. Instantly, Sunny paled.

Then, the familiar sound of snapping trees reached his ears, making the blood in his veins turn to ice.

A split second later, both the rider and his steed disappeared, turning into shadows.

Hiding in the darkness, Sunny suppressed his fear and looked in the direction from which the cracking sound had come. Frozen, he watched as a towering figure slowly appeared from the mist.

'D-damnation!'

Some distance away, something giant was hunched among the trees. As Sunny watched, petrified, the terrifying giant slowly straightened and towered above the ancient pines, dwarfing them with its impossible height. The tips of the trees barely reached its waist.

'That thing is... is at least a hundred meters tall...'

The giant was vaguely human-like in appearance. At first, Sunny had mistaken it for a beast, but then realized that the ragged fur covering its body was merely a crude cloak sewn from the vast hide of an unknown abomination.

The giant... seemed to be female.

Her gaunt, gargantuan body was brimming with terrifying, primal power. There were many bruises, deep cuts, and gaping lacerations marring her dirty skin, most seeping with rotten puss. Her long hair was matted and wild, hanging down messily to obscure her face. Rugged and wrapped in furs, the giantess seemed more bestial than human... and yet, she was one. Or had been once, at least.

Sunny felt unable to move. While he remained in place, the giantess raised one of her enormous, bruised, painfully familiar hands. In it, a grotesque creature that resembled a massive black octopus was struggling desperately, its long tentacles whipping around with enough force to turn the ancient pines into clouds of dust. A viscous, corrosive liquid streamed from them, dissolving everything it touched.

However, the giantess did not seem bothered at all. The black acid rolled from her skin like water, not dealing any damage to it. A few moments later, she brought the struggling horror to her mouth and bit into it viciously, tearing away an enormous chunk of revolting flesh.

The matted hair parted, revealing her bloodied, twisted face.

The giantess was missing one eye, while the other burned with madness and indescribable hunger. Watching the enormous octopus being greedily devoured, Sunny finally realized how the decaying leopard had perished, and whom the hand that had killed the members of the cohort in the last revolution belonged to.

Her thoughts turned cold.

'...Devouring Beast.'

Indeed, the nebulous being that wandered the mist... was none other than the Devouring Beast, one of the Six Plagues of the Great River. Just like Undying Slaughter, she was also here, on Wind Flower.

She was the future, Defiled version of Effie.

'Two of them...'

It... made sense, really. Sunny had theorized that the mist wraith had been sent here to satiate her Flaw. Why would the Devouring Beast be any different? Her hunger was just like Jet's need to kill living beings. Without the cities full of humans to devour, it could only lead to disaster.

How could a creature that always needed to kill and a creature that always needed to consume remain in Verge? If these two abominable slayers were not sent somewhere where their Flaws could be contained, they would have brought the city of the Defiled to extinction, as well.

Had they come here voluntarily? Or had the Dread Lord lured and imprisoned them here once the sybils were defeated?

In any case, the situation of the cohort did not change.

Sunny stared at the harrowing giantess for a few more moments, then rushed away as fast as he could. He and Nightmare had to escape before she noticed them.

'I guess... I did find Effie.'

However, that abomination was not the Effie he wanted to find.

**********


                                Chapter 1418 Point of Return
--------------------
Luckily, Sunny managed to slide down the hill and escape into the mist before Devouring Beast noticed him. Still, he didn't dare to leave the embrace of shadows for a while.

'Effie...'

Effie's Aspect had always been uniquely powerful - which was no surprise, considering its Transcendent Rank. Even on the Forgotten Shore, there had been few people more capable than her. Some, like Caster of Han Li Clan, had been superior to the solitary huntress in certain facets of physical combat, but none had been as well-rounded. That was one of the reasons why Effie had survived years of hunting the Dark City abominations alone.

Her Aspect was all about battle and physical prowess... so, Sunny was not sure that Devouring Beast even had means of destroying his intangible form. Still, it was better to be safe than sorry.

...His heart was cold and heavy.

'How do I fight something like that?'

Effie's Dormant Ability granted her a powerful and, more importantly, comprehensive physical augmentation. She was inconceivably strong, fast, enduring, resilient... now that Sunny was a Tyrant, the gap between them was not vast, but she was still superior to him in certain aspects.

The same went for her Awakened Ability. It basically made her skin as tough as steel... Sunny, on the other hand, had his Marble Shell. The two could be compared, but although the Shell was more versatile, it was not as stalwart in terms of pure defensive potential.

Of course, he had Shadow Step instead, making him much more mobile and elusive on and outside the battlefield. He had Shadow Manifestation, as well, while Effie's Ascended Ability was meant to empower her allies.

So, there was no question about who would win in a duel. No matter how much Sunny admired his boisterous friend, he knew that she stood no chance in a fight against him. With Shadow Dance, it would not even be close... much more so if his Shadows were involved.

But that was Effie. Devouring Beast, on the other hand...

Was a Defiled Saint. Her Transformation was to become a towering giant, and that giant inherited the benefits of her other Aspect Abilities, as well - all of them elevated to a higher Rank. The strength of a dozen men, the skin of steel. Her gargantuan figure would also be much more visible on a battlefield, making it so that entire armies would be able to see her and benefit from her Ascended Ability.

'What a monster...'

Sunny was already terrified at the thought of having to face the mist wraith in a battle. The bestial giant... was, in a sense, even more harrowing.

'Damn it! Damn it! Since when do I have to fight Saints on a constant basis?! And how did the Plagues all Transcend, anyway?!'

Facing Dire Fang was supposed to be an exception, not the rule!

Eventually, he decided that there was enough distance between him and the tower to return to his human form. Diving out of the shadows, Sunny leaned on the trunk of a pine tree, breathed in deeply, and then looked at the Guiding Light.

This escape through the shadows had consumed a lot of his essence, probably because he had brought the sacred staff with him. Usually, Sunny was able to pull a certain weight of inanimate objects into Shadow Step... but perhaps because of the staff's divine nature, it had taken a lot of effort to carry it with him.

To his relief, the Guiding Light was still pointing forward, not back to the tower. For a few moments there, Sunny had been concerned that it would lead him to Devouring Beast instead of Effie.

He hesitated for a bit, then thought about the bestial giant. The radiance of the soul crystal did not change.

After a moment, Sunny remembered how Cassie had described getting the sacred staff to work and coughed in embarrassment.

'Come on... really...'

Then, he concentrated and thought:

'M... Miss Guiding Light, can you guide me to Devouring Beast... please?'

Despite how foolish Sunny felt, the staff did not react. Its workings were really mysterious.

Shaking his head, Sunny thought about Nephis. The radiance of the soul crystal changed, pointing back to where the Chain Breaker was. When he thought about Effie, it returned to its previous state.

'Strange.'

Pondering the mystery of how the Guiding Light worked, he commanded Nightmare to emerge from the shadows, climbed into the saddle, and continued traveling through the mist.

Wind Flower... turned out to be extremely dangerous, but not as dangerous as Sunny had imagined it to be. There were many harrowing abominations trapped in its fog, certainly - but not as many as he had feared.

There were three reasons for it.

The first one was pretty obvious, by now. Cassie had suggested that all Nightmare Creatures that had been caught by the vortex and managed to reach the island over the centuries were still here, reliving the same period of time over and over again inside the loop. She was both right and wrong.

The mist was indeed hiding countless terrifying abominations. Sunny shuddered at the thought of having to fight them all... no matter how powerful, cunning, and lucky the members of the cohort were, they would inevitably die under the onslaught of these ancient horrors - over and over again, until the souls collapsed.

But then again, not all of these creatures were still... whole. Many were motionless and empty, just like the Dark Butterfly he had found in the bone orchard was. The circular passage of time had long turned them Hollow.

Of those that remained, many were already dead.

While moving through the misty forest, Sunny found many areas where the trees had been broken, and bloodied remains of devoured Nightmare Creatures littered the ground. That was where Devouring Beast had passed through.

In other places, Sunny found ghastly abominations laying on the ground, dead, not a single wound visible on their bodies. That was where Undying Slaughter had passed through.

The two Defiled had already eviscerated many of the prisoners of Wind Flower, making the island safer for the members of the cohort in an ironic twist of fate. Without their bloodthirst, Sunny would have never made it that far in a single revolution.

He still had to flee and evade many terrible creatures, using Nightmare's speed to escape them. Luck was on his side.

And yet... Sunny still failed to find Effie, this time.

At some point, a wide chasm barred the way forward. Not knowing how long it was and not wanting to prolong the journey by riding around it, Sunny reluctantly dismounted and climbed down. His hope was to reach the bottom of the chasm, walk to the other side, and return to the surface.

However, a boundless swarm of monstrous black millipedes was waiting for him in the moist darkness. Much worse, the revolting vermin were somehow able to hunt him even in his intangible form.

Sunny was not devoured by the tide of worm-like creatures, but he was forced to move deeper into the chasm to escape them, eventually ending up in a system of caves below the surface of the island.

There, he felt the approach of the night. Sunny knew that the suns were setting because the enchantment of the Crown of Twilight suddenly activated, replenishing his spent essence.

'I... I need to get back to the surface.'

It was easier said than done, though.

The system of caves was not too vast, but he had to move with extreme caution. There was no need to thoroughly scout the caverns to know that there were indescribable horrors hiding in their darkness.

Indeed, not long after, he met a creature that tested his ability to remain composed. Even then, Sunny managed to flee with his life... but not before losing several chunks of flesh and most of the skin on his left arm.

He persisted.

Covered in blood, tired, he and Nightmare continued searching for an exit from the caverns. Eventually, Sunny felt the approaching dawn.

And before he knew it...

'I... I feel...'

***

Sunny waited for a moment, then slowly straightened. He was standing on the deck of the Chain Breaker, surrounded by mist.

'W-what?'

He... was back to the start. Even though he had not died, the time still reversed, and was now repeating itself.

A stunned expression appeared on Sunny's face.

'Did I... reach the end of the loop?'

He felt certain that he had.

The loop only encompassed a single day.

**********


                                Chapter 1419 Mother of Learning
--------------------
Looking into the swirling mist, Sunny let out a long sigh. He suddenly felt tired.

Or rather, not so suddenly. Time was repeating itself inside the loop, and while his body was restored to its initial condition at the start of each revolution, mental exhaustion remained. The Chain Breaker had just landed on the shore of Wind Flower, but Sunny himself... he had already spent an entire day on highest alert, in constant tension, playing a lethal game of cat and mouse with dreadful abominations. And that was after dying miserably several times in a row. Of course, he felt tired.

Frowning, Sunny went about the usual routine of asking Cassie and Nephis to wait, then riding Nightmare into the mist to find Jet. Then, he brought her back to the Chain Breaker and explained the nature of Wind Flower to the members of the cohort once again. Things were getting... repetitive.

If there was one constantly changing thing about the time loop, though, it was the Sin of Solace. The sword wraith had all kinds of hateful comments to whip him with, coming up with new ones in every revolution. Sunny was almost glad to have some variety, even if it was both infuriating and hurtful.

After settling the matters on the beached ship, Sunny ventured to find Effie for the second time.

However, he failed again.

Sunny did not even make it to the dark chasm... he was killed by Undying Slaughter while searching for Jet.

The next time, he fell prey to a horrid creature that resembled an unholy hybrid between a centipede, a scorpion, a human, and a praying mantis. That happened soon after leaving the bone garden.

Then, he managed to reach the chasm once again. Instead of climbing down into its perilous darkness, Sunny tried to fly to the other side by turning into a crow. Halfway across, he heard a quiet rustle, and something dove at him from above. The next moment, he was back on the deck of the Chain Breaker again.

During the attempt after that, he was caught by the enormous abomination that Devouring Beast had consumed near the tower in one of the previous revolutions... dissolving in the viscous acid, Sunny only managed to growl a hoarse curse. Then, his words were replaced by agonized screams.

Back on the Chain Breaker, Sunny grabbed the railing and lowered his head. His expression was dim.

'Ah...'

This island was starting to get on his nerves.

While Nephis and Cassie were talking about the Guiding Light, he stood still, trying to throw the ghastly memories of his latest death out of his mind. Even though Sunny was not a stranger to pain, and even dying, it was not that easy to do.

Suddenly, he was not sure that his previous boasts were substantiated. A few years of this? The Sin of Solace might have been closer to the truth...

Shaking his head, Sunny sighed and looked at his companions. After hesitating for a while, he still convinced them to hide and wait for his return.

He was confident in his ability to bring Jet to the Chain Breaker, at least. Sunny knew where exactly she would be at what time, by now. He also knew where approximately Undying Slaughter would be... it was not too hard to time his actions correctly.

'I only have one day...'

Timing was not an issue just yet, but he would need to find the fastest and most efficient way of going through the motions of escaping Wind Flower eventually. For now, Sunny still needed to observe, discover, and memorize more details.

But... he was getting tired.

'If we don't manage to flee this hell soon, I'll have to start seriously considering my mental wellness.'

It was funny to even think about mental wellness, considering where he was and what was happening to him, but it was a serious issue. Sunny had to care for his mind. Right now, he was enduring blow after blow without giving himself time to rest and recover. Eventually, he would have to slow down and give himself a chance to catch his breath.

In order to last longer before going insane.

'Not yet, though.'

Sunny found Jet and whisked her away before Undying Slaughter had a chance to catch up to her past self. Returning to the Chain Breaker, he gave his usual speech and departed once again in search of Effie.

He reached the bone garden and turned inland. He avoided the horrid mantis. He gave the slip to the giant octopus-like monstrosity, and even escaped from Devouring Beast without being noticed. Riding past the lonesome tower, he dove back into the misty forest and successfully avoided being killed by the Nightmare Creatures waiting for him there.

Eventually, Sunny reached the chasm again.

Hiding beneath a tree, he looked somberly at the mist above. He still had no idea what kind of flying horror killed him the last time he tried to cross the chasm... the creature had never attacked him in the forest, but since there was nothing to hide him while traversing the chasm by air, the risk was too great.

Climbing down again was also a bad idea. The legion of black millipedes hiding at the bottom of the deep canyon was too dreadful of a foe... knowing what to expect, Sunny might be able to escape from them. But then again, he might also be either eaten or chased into the caves.

'Well, they can all go to hell.'

Summoning Morgan's Warbow, he wrapped one of his shadows around the arrow and sent it flying across the chasm. The arrow pierced the mist, as fast as lightning, and sank into the trunk of a tall pine tree on the other side.

...Actually, it cut a few of those trees down, and only stopped after piercing the fourth or fifth one.

The shadow glided down the trunk and reached the ground. Dismissing Nightmare, Sunny used Shadow Step and appeared on the other side of the chasm, unharmed.

'There. Eat that, bastards.'

It was not the strongest creature that survived, but the most adaptable. And although Sunny was not that strong among the prisoners of Wind Flower... he was nothing if not resourceful.

Grinning darkly, he summoned Nightmare and jumped into the saddle.

Did it only seem that way, or had the radiance of the Guiding Light became a little brighter?

'Stay alive, Effie...'

**********


                                Chapter 1420 Unexpected Complications
--------------------
On the far side of the island, the misty forest was less thick. The trees stood further apart from each other, and were not as tall as in the other areas. The ground, however, was more rocky and uneven. It rose and fell, forming steep hills and deep ravines - not that it mattered. Usually, terrain like that would make it hard to see a potential enemy in advance, increasing the risk of walking into an ambush...

But with the damned fog veiling everything around, why did it matter? Every kind of terrain was just as bad here.

Sunny still commanded Nightmare to slow down, afraid to encounter another chasm and plummet down without ever having a chance to stop. Flying through a thick forest at breakneck speed was already thrilling enough, and he really didn't want to fall into a nest of monstrous millipedes due to the lack of caution.

Riding the black steed through the mist, Sunny held the Guiding Light high and followed its shine.

His breathing was heavy.

Just a few minutes ago, he had fought a Corrupted Monster and killed it. The creature had almost sent him into the next revolution - it was not particularly strong, as far as Corrupted abominations went, but rather insidious.

Its camouflage was good enough to make Sunny unaware of the imminent attack right until the moment thick roots sprouted from beneath the ground, and a rotten tree that he had been riding past suddenly moved to envelop him with creaking branches.

If not for Shadow Step, Sunny might have been caught, swallowed, and digested by the creature without being able to put up any resistance. Since he managed to escape its grasp, though, a short and violent clash followed.

The abomination looked like a monstrous tree and was as resilient as a tree. It had no organs to destroy and no blood to spill. Even after cutting it down, Sunny had to summon the Cruel Sight and burn it with divine flame - only when all the branches, the rotten trunk, and the roots of the monster had turned to ash did the Spell announce a kill.

Slaying that thing had been a lot of work... but Sunny was still satisfied with the result. At least he learned that there were normal Nightmare Creatures on Wind Flower. If he had to face another Great abomination, his patience would have run thin.

'I feel like I'm not far from the edge of the island, now.'

If so, Effie couldn't be too far away.

Unless she was not on Wind Flower...

Frowning, Sunny jumped to the ground, allowed Nightmare to turn into a shadow, and continued forward on foot.

Now that he was so close, his heart was heavy. Dark thoughts creeped into his mind.

What if he finds Effie... only to discover that he was too late? What if what he finds is her mangled body?

Sunny was not sure that he would be able to endure something like that. At least not without something inside him breaking.

Cresting another hill, he spent some time searching for a way down, and then slid down the wet moss. At the foot of the hill, he used a pile of rocks to stop himself, sending a few of them flying. Then, Sunny looked up.

It was then that he noticed a vague shape in the mist...

And it seemed to notice him.

Almost before Sunny could react, something shot in his direction with astonishing speed. Cursing, he barely dodged the flying object. It hit the slope of the hill behind him, pierced the thin layer of soil, and struck the bedrock beneath.

The impact was so severe that it produced an explosive shockwave. A moment later, pieces of rock, dirt, and moss rained on him like hail. Sunny was already moving to attack... but then froze.

The thing that had flown past him was now embedded deeply into stone, trembling.

It was a strange-looking spear with a shaft of grey wood and a long spearhead of deep crimson color.

Since its passage had torn the veil of mist, he looked forward and saw the vague figure clearly.

In the next moment...

His eyes widened.

"Ef-Effie?! What the hell?! You almost killed me!"

She stared at him in shock, too.

"Doofus?! What the... why on... how are you here?!"

Indeed, it was Ascended Raised by Wolves, huntress Athena.

She looked a bit more tan and wild than usual, covered in dirt and scratches, but there was no mistake. The dewy olive skin, the perfectly sculpted, lean muscles, the tall and beautiful figure, the long brown hair...

Effie was not clad in her Transcendent armor, instead wearing a crude garment made out of something that looked like shark skin.

And there was something different about her...

Gradually lowering his gaze, Sunny answered:

"How else? I came on... on a... ship..."

He stuttered and grew silent.

His mind was momentarily blank.

'Huh?'

There was indeed something different about Effie. Her entire build was different... or rather, certain parts of it. Her already generous figure had become even more outstanding, but much more glaringly than that... her belly was round and protruding forward, so much so that she was supporting it with a hand.

'Just... just how much did she eat? Gods, that gluttonous... gluttonous... woman...'

Sunny's mind was refusing to work properly.

No... the reason for why Effie's belly looked so large had nothing to do with eating too much food.

But it couldn't be...

Suddenly, he remembered a small remark that Jet had made while describing their lives as river nomads:

'Oh... and we fought plenty of Nightmare Creatures. Well, I did, at least.'

He had not paid it attention before, but now, it seemed strange. Why would Jet say that she was the only one who had fought a lot of abominations?

Staring at Effie's round belly, Sunny finally realized why.

By then, his eyes were as wide as saucers.

"Effie! Why... why are you pregnant?!"

She stared at him in bewilderment, then glanced down and suddenly flinched.

"What?! When did this happen?!"

Effie's voice sounded frightened and shocked.

Then, she gave him a mischievous glance and suddenly burst with laughter.

When her bright laughter died down, Effie coughed and looked at Sunny with a sheepish smile.

"Sorry. It was a joke. Why am I pregnant? Well... how do I explain... you see, Sunny, when a man and a woman love each other very much..."

**********

