Shadow Slave - PART 194
Chapters 1931 to 1940
==============================


                                Chapter 1931 Torch Bearer
--------------------
'He actually did it.'

Today was another day of celebration, but Orum remembered too much, and felt too much, to share in the excitement that had seemingly taken the entire world by storm.

He was dressed in his best clothes, standing in the grand assembly hall of the UHG headquarters. The somber space had been transformed into a lavishly decorated venue for the occasion, and there was a lively crowd enjoying the generous banquet — those who wielded power over humanity and the members of their families, all dressed to the nines and glowing with joy.

Orum should have probably felt pride in being one of them, but he was not in the right mood.

He was not young anymore, having passed thirty last year. He was also not an inexperienced greenhorn who barely knew how to kill a Nightmare Creature. Instead, he was one of the most renowned Awakened in the Waking World, ruling a Citadel of his own in the Dream Realm... his status was not as high as that of the brilliant heroes who had become the idols of humanity, perhaps, but not far below them.

That was why Orum felt frozen and somber in the middle of the joyful celebration.

There were others like him, as well — mostly those who had endured the horrors of the Nightmare Spell from the very first day of its descent.

That was because they understood better than anyone what today‘s ceremony meant, and how many lives had been lost to pave the road for it.

Today... they were celebrating Immortal Flame, the fiery champion of humanity, who had done something they all considered impossible.

Who had conquered the Second Nightmare.

Orum raised a crystal glass to his lips and took a sip of the liquid inside, not feeling its taste.

Immortal Flame was not the first Awakened who had responded to the Call and led a cohort into a Seed of Nightmare... in fact, many had tried before, some burning with ambition, some simply unable to resist the Call anymore. It was just that none of them had returned alive — Orum had lost plenty of friends that way, their absence leaving deep scars on his heart.

Some people still held hope, but most had long given up on Ascendance. Immortal Flame had changed everything. His impossible feat shook the very foundation of the established world order, and would inevitably and completely change the future... Orum was sure of it.

The news had been announced only a few days ago, and everywhere he went, he could already hear cautions whispers of trying to challenge the Nightmares again. He was even tempted to consider it himself... but no, he couldn't. He had a family to take care of. Maybe later, when the kids pass the age of becoming Dreamers...

But still.

'Ascendance…’

Immortal Flame himself was not in the assembly hall, whisked away by other powerhouses to hold a closed-door meeting, but Orum had met him briefly when entering the venue. of course, he could not tell how much more powerful the man had become, exactly, but it was impossible to mistake him for an Awakened.

Just like a Fallen abomination was incomparable to an Awakened one, an Ascended human should be an invincible existence to people like Orum. Which was both disquieting and reassuring.

Steeling his wildly beating heart, he gulped down his drink and let out a shaky breath.

'We all owe Immortal Flame. What he did... proves that conquering the Nightmares is possible.'

Which was an invaluable blessing, considering its necessity.

Most people did not know, but Orum was high enough in the hierarchy of humanity to have a good rapport with the UHG. Having access to its information network, as well as one of his own, he knew that the rumors about a greater Gate opening in the Eastern Quadrant were not rumors at all... in fact, several of these terrifying rifts had opened across the world in the last few years, far more devastating than any before, and countless lives had been lost.

After the Nightmare Spell descended, people had thought that the world was saved for a few years. He still remembered the elation and optimism of those precious days... however, they had not lasted long.

Soon, the Nightmare Gates started opening, and their lives had turned to fear and bloodshed once more. And now, the Gates were growing more potent... there was already a classification system proposed, designating these new rifts as those of the Third Category. Although nothing had been proven yet, three more Categories were theorized, up to a Category Six Gate.

...Or maybe even Category Seven.

What would such horror look like, Orum did not know, and could not imagine. He did know one thing, though. It was that there would be nothing but chilling escalation in the future, with more terrifying beings entering the Waking World each year. If humans wanted to survive, they would have to keep up with the tyranny of the Nightmare Spell, as well.

That was why what Immortal Flame had achieved was so important.

Not even because he was the first human to become Ascended, but because he had proven that conquering a Nightmare was possible. That Ascension was just another step on a long and winding path to salvation... the path of Ascension. Immortal Flame had given them hope.

Orum placed his glass on a nearby table and went to the far side of the hall, planning to hide his heavy thoughts behind a plate of snacks.

He was still pondering the dire future when his concentration was broken by infectious laughter.

Looking down, he saw a group of children doing what children usually did during the gatherings of adults — being bored and finding their own fun wherever they could.

Among them, one girl especially attracted attention. She was maybe eleven or twelve years old, wearing a frilly gown that made her look like a little princess and a smile so bright and radiant that even Orum's own lips curved upward slightly.

At the moment, the girl was dragging a serious boy of the same age by the hand, saying something e on, Vale! I really saw an Echo. It's just outside!"

The boy pursed his lips, unhappy.

"But Madoc said that I must stay here."

The girl scoffed.

"What does he know! Why is he ordering you around, anyway? He's only a year older than us!"

Orum recognized the cute pair. The boy was the younger son of the Warden. The girl... would probably be the daughter of Immortal Flame himself.

He sighed and looked away with a smile.

'Little monsters…’

Orum had never become a father himself, but he was helping raise his niece and nephews. There had been a time when he thought that the children of the new era would grow up knowing nothing but peace and warmth... but fate was cruel. Instead, they grew up surrounded by terror, blood, monsters, loss, and death. They had been raised in the world of the Nightmare Spell, and as a result, they were far more fierce and feral than the children of his own era.

Thinking about that, he looked up and froze.

There, separated from the group of boisterous kids, stood another girl... this one a couple years older and a little gloomy. No one seemed very interested in speaking with her, so she was all alone, holding to the dull fabric of her far less opulent dress awkwardly.

Orum paid no attention to her clothes, however.

He only looked at her face, which was painfully familiar.

It took him a few moments to remember whom she reminded him of.

The girl... was the spitting image of her mother.

Forgetting everything, Orum couldn't help but walk closer and ask, his voice hiding suppressed emotion:

"...Little Ki?"

**********


                                Chapter 1932 Second Generation
--------------------
Orum had not seen Ravenheart and her daughter often since that day they spent together in NQSC.

They were living in turbulent and tumultuous times, and he had had family matters to deal with back then. Later, his focus shifted to the Dream Realm. He pursued his ambitions and eventually conquered a Citadel of his own, wishing to build a livelihood for himself and his family.

Awakened were naturally grouped together by the region of the Dream Realm they traveled to at night. Ravenheart was simply too far away, in a place where few others had been sent by the Nightmare Spell. She was not very sociable, either, so the two of them had grown distant, eventually losing contact altogether.

He used to hear about her from time to time, feeling happy to know that she was doing fine. Ravenheart‘s life seemed quite tough, considering how remote and dangerous her corner of the Dream Realm was. There were not many Awakened there, and even less Citadels — unlike the region where Orum himself was anchored.

People there had rallied around the impressive Citadel of the Warden of Valor, which was now a bastion of humanity in the dangerous alien world. It almost seemed like it was the center of the Dream Realm, with everything else existing on the periphery.

Well, there were the elusive Nightwalker and other unfortunate souls who had found themselves in a nebulous sea, of course, as well as isolated Citadels scattered here and there across the vast expanse of the Dream Realm. Considering its nature, it was hard to even establish where they were located in relation to more populated areas, let alone carve a path to them.

The last Orum heard about Ravenheart, she had conquered a Citadel somewhere far north, near a colossal mountain chain that stretched from east to west as far as humans explored.

Preoccupied with other things, he had not thought of her for many years.

But now, seeing her daughter, the memories of all the time they had spent together flooded his mind.

Orum felt nostalgia, tenderness, bittersweet wistfulness... and shame. Ravenheart had done so much for him, but he never paid her back. Instead, he had simply forgotten about her, too busy with his own affairs and the complexities of life.

Little Ki — already a teenager — looked up at him and frowned in confusion.

It seemed that she once again did not remember who he was.

Still dazed a little, Orum offered her a smile.

"I'm Awakened Orum... Uncle Orie. I'm a friend of your mom.‘I

There was no hint of recognition in her eyes.

The teenage girl shifted awkwardly, her gloomy face untouched by a smile. "Oh... it is nice to meet you, Awakened Orum."

I-Ie hesitated, not knowing what to say, then suddenly looked around.

"Is your mother here?"

Little Ki... although he should probably stop calling her that... shook her head. "No... mom's Citadel is situated in a dangerous region of the Dream Realm, and many people use it as shelter. Since they need her protection, she spends most of her time sleeping."

She lingered for a few moments, then added stiffly:

"Mom told me to spend more time with children of other Awakened families, though, so I accepted the invitation on her behalf. To represent our family." There was a hint of pride in her last words, which prompted Orum to look at her closely.

"You don't seem to be spending time with other children, though."

Little Ki's eyes widened.

"Well! That... that... I will approach them in due time. I'm just gathering my thoughts."

Orum smiled, having a suspicion about why Ravenheart had told her daughter to socialize with other kids more.

"Are you having a hard time?"

Little Ki gave him a long look, then sighed.

"...A little."

Then, she added bitterly:

"They all know each other, already. Plus, the families of other Named Awakened are all... are all... better off than we are. When I introduced myself, they just said hi and lost interest immediately."

Orum suppressed a wince.

The families of people like Immortal Flame and the Warden were indeed a bit of an exclusive club. They had to be, considering how many sycophants sought out their favor, often with little or no sincerity.

He regretted that his niece and nephews weren‘t here... although they were much younger than this shunned girl. She would probably not know what to talk with them about, either.

He remained silent for a few moments, then smiled again.

"I was on my way to get some snacks... do you want to come with me? After all, it is far easier to endure these events on a full stomach. Plus, I want to know more about how your mom is doing. We are from the same hometown, you know? In fact, I wouldn't be alive today if it wasn't for her. My sister, too. Come to think about it, I absolutely must tell you all about how she rescued us — after all, it would be a crime if you didn't know how amazing your mother is..." Finally, the familiar shy smile appeared on the teenage girl's face.

"Oh... alright. But I already know how amazing she is..."

Orum spent some time with Little Ki, talking about Ravenheart and the early days of the Nightmare Spell. She was still the same sweet child underneath the veneer of teenage gloominess, which made him happy. In the process, he introduced her to a few people and helped her mix in with the crowd. Her awkwardness receded, and she eventually left his side to talk to a few kids from the less influential families.

He was quite glad at the chance to help his benefactor's daughter, even if it was in such a small way.

There was a small smile on his lips.

'I hope my sister's troublemakers get to know her when they grow up.‘

After that day, though, life became turbulent once again. Immortal Flame's achievement had made an enormous splash, and a tidal wave of change rattled the entire world. Those changes were especially poignant for Awakened like him. Soon, more Ascended — called Masters now — emerged. The existence of the Category Three Gates was revealed, plunging humanity into chaos for a while. Eventually, Orum started to make tentative preparations, planning on challenging the Second Nightmare himself.

In all that turmoil, he had not thought about little Ki Song a lot.

Until the day came when he regretted it bitterly.

That was because, by then, the first generation of children born after the descent of the Nightmare Spell reached the age that allowed them to become infected by it.

And Awakened like him quickly discovered that the children of: those who had passed the trial of the Spell were much more likely to become its victims.

**********


                                Chapter 1933 Legacy
--------------------
Several years later, Orum found himself standing at the edges of a desolate lot, watching massive construction machines moving some distance away. A tall alloy wall had been raised near the outer radius of NQSC, enclosing a vast space. The city had been quite crowded lately, with many people even having to settle outside the barriers… how they survived out there, he could not imagine. But they did.

So, the value of this plot of land was astronomical — it could be measured in human lives, after all.

The construction was nearing the end. The wall was mostly complete, the moat in front of it had been dug. Fearsome turrets were already installed atop the rampart, although none had been brought online yet. It looked like a fortress ready to repel an attack by a titan.

As he watched, a large group of Awakened used their inhuman strength to hoist an immense alloy gate up painted red, it stood out starkly against the dull metallic surface of the wall. A swarm of construction workers rappelled down a few moments later, ready to guide the enormous slab of red alloy into a complicated locking mechanism.

«When gods close a door, the Nightmare Spell opens a window…»

Hearing someone speak beside him, Orum turned his head in surprise. He had not felt anyone's presence there before. Considering how sharp his instincts were, sneaking up on him was a difficult task — and yet, someone seemed to have managed to do just that.

«Disconeerting.»

Orum noted the slurred words and the drunken giggle that followed the sudden proclamation, then smelled alcohol in the air. He frowned.

There, just a step away from him, a dishevelled man in expensive clothes was leaning on a wall, holding a mostly empty bottle of liquor in his hand. There was a snide smile on his lips, and a strange expression in his cold, cold eyes.

Orum looked away and smiled.

«I didn't know that it was possible for a Master to get drunk. Are you pulling a prank on me, Ascended Jest?»

The man turned to him and grinned.

«Yo, Awakened Orum! Funny to run into you here.»

Orurn pursed his lips.

He knew Jest rather well, and although the two of them were on friendly terms, the man always made him feel uncomfortable. Everyone was aware what role the Jest played in Warden's cohort, and how many people had died by his hand… plenty of fringe factions had been quietly eliminated to restore the order in the world, after all. Despite his carefree attitude and humorous appearance, the man had quite a twisted and sinister side.

lest turned to the towering alloy wall and asked, his voice curious:

«Have you come to take a look too, Orum? Awakened Academy… what a grand name! Ah, but these lazy bastards… the opening is in a few days, and they haven't even finished setting up the defense systems.»

He sighed.

«Well, on the other hand. Some might say that they're right on time.»

The Awakened Academy was a project that had been forced on the government by the factions of several renowned Masters.

Or rather, the government was forced to make it a priority there had always been plans of creating a centralized education facility to newly infected carriers of the Nightmare Spell and the younger Awakened, but considering how difficult and complicated the logistics of such an endeavor were, it always ended up on the backburner. Until now.

That was because almost eighteen years had passed since the descent of the Spell, and the children of many original Awakened were swiftly approaching the age that would allow them to be infected.

In fact, some already had been.

Much worse, the rate of infection among the relatives of Awakened had been proven to be much higher than among the general population. The grim news had shaken the Awakened a great deal.

So, those in power had finally taken off the gloves and showed the government in no uncertain terms what its place was.

Jest looked at the alloy wall somberly, the smile slowly disappearing from his face.

«You must have heard, right? Old Valor's youngest boy is infected. Immortal Flame's girl, too… and so many others. They'll be the first class of the Awakened Academy.»

Orum remained silent for a few moments.

«What about your kids?»

Jest smiled.

«Nope, my kids aren't infected. My youngest is not of age yet. My oldest… he's dead. He didn't pass the first trial, so he's technically not infected anymore. There. This Academy has nothing to do with me.»

As Orum looked away with a sigh, Jest took another sip of liquor and laughed.

«Ain't it a joke, Drum? The nightmare… it never ends. All the dirty things we've done, and it's only getting worse. Worse, and worse, and worse… ah, it's hilarious.»

He looked down, his gaze turning cold once again.

«Your sister's children are what, around ten? You must be thinking about a lot of things right now, too. Huh, Orum?»

Orum nodded slowly.

«Yeah. I am thinking… I really hope that they won't become infected. Of course, I'll need to prepare them well, in case they do.»

Everyone would probably be thinking the same, at the moment. The Awakened Academy was one thing. but the entire education system would have to be reworked. There were more and more infection cases every year, so it was not enough to teach children literature, sciences, and basic self-defense anymore. They needed to be taught how to survive, how to fight, and how to kill…

Which, in turn, would make them even sharper and more cruel than they already were.

Jest smiled again.

«…That is why I like you, Orum. Thank the gods you're still normal, at least.»

His expression changed again, growing cold and resentful. At this point, it was unclear if he was really drunk or just pretending in any case, Jest uttered through gritted teeth, his voice full of contempt:

«Do you know what the others are thinking, though?»

Orum silently shook his head.

Jest smiled darkly.

«They are praying for their children to be infected and carry on their legacy. There's talk about dynasties, control over Citadels, and consolidating power everywhere. Well, I get it… fools like us have grown used to our lofty status, and that status only exists because of strength. If our children remain mundane, it will disappear like dew after we die. There'll be no legacy.»

Orum looked at him, unamused.

«I'd rather not leave a legacy, then.»

Jest simply laughed.

«As if you have a choice. Orum, my friend, listen to this fool… abandon hope. In this era, the only thing worth believing in is the Nightmare Spell, and the Spell is a cruel bitch. Just… teach your kids well. Teach them really well, bastard.»

With that, he finished his liquor, waved a hand weakly, and headed away.

«See you at the opening ceremony, Orum! Old Valor is giving a speech… ah, I love the scumbag, but he is so dreadfully boring. And yet, he refuses to accept the jokes I wrote for him! Honestly, I'd skip the entire thing if I were you…»

Orum watched him go in silence, his gaze heavy.

Despite the piece of friendly advice, he did attend the opening ceremony of the Awakened Academy a few days later.

It was there that he met Ki Song once again…

**********


                                Chapter 1934 First Class
--------------------
The turrets on the massive wall were still being calibrated by an army of technicians, but the Academy was already welcoming its first crop of young Dreamers. This late in the year, there were a considerable number of them almost five hundred.

Some had come from here in NQSC, some had arrived from other cities in the Northern Quadrant. Many had even been brought across the oceans on heavily armored naval convoys not only from Africa, Antarctica, and Australia, but also from the Americas. It was a clear sign of how seriously the government was taking the establishment of the Academy.

There were many distinguished guests, as well. Orum was one of them, observing the ceremony silently. Jest had not shown up, which was probably for the best, but he saw a lot of familiar faces.

Warden of Valor did indeed give a speech… and it was indeed a little boring. Filtering out the man's stern voice, Orum looked at the young Dreamers.

They had already done well to survive the First Nightmare. In fact, there were much more survivors this year than ever before. It was most likely because the kids infected by the Spell this year had all been born after its descent, and grew up in its ruthless claws. They were a different breed.

Honestly, Orum sometimes felt scared of the new generation.

In any case, there was another trial waiting for them now. The winter solstice was not that far, and soon, they would be sent to the Dream Realm. How many would be left alive? He hoped that all of them would, but of course, his wish was not meant to come true.

At least the impressive roster of instructors employed by the Academy would be able to prepare them for the journey better. Naturally, those instructors were not Awakened of the highest caliber, but they were competent enough to earn his trust.

He recognized a few of the Sleepers, as well.

The tall youth with a cold expression was Anvil, Old Valor's son. He gave off an unapproachable impression and was easily noticeable because of his flawless poise and composure. His dark hair was cut neatly, and his gaze was sharp… unlike most of the Sleepers, who seemed traumatized by their Nightmares and frightened of the solstice, he was calm and collected.

As if he was born to carry the Nightmare Spell.

The youngest son of Valor was not the center of attention, though. Instead, it was a beautiful young woman standing next to him, wearing an easy smile on her lips. She was like a ray of sunshine in the somber atmosphere of the underground hall, attracting many furtive gazes from other youths.

She was Smile of Heaven, Immortal Flame's daughter… and already a trailblazer, just like her father. After all, she was the first human to have earned a True Name in the First Nightmare. Her future was undoubtedly bright.

Orum vaguely remembered seeing these two a few years ago, when they were still little kids. Now, both were sixteen, and already tempered by the cruelty of the Nightmare Spell.

To his surprise, though…

There was someone else who drew his attention. He did not know this youth, and couldn't place him. The young man did not look like a child from any of the powerful families that had emerged since the descent of the Spell…

Unlike Anvil and Smile of Heaven, the youth was wearing cheap clothes that were most of the way to becoming rags. He had black hair and piercing grey eyes, his gaze strangely heated. There was a quality of sharpness about him that only those who had witnessed a lot possessed, but also a hint of gentleness that was both endearing and out of place.

Orum instincts told him that the youth was special in some way, but he couldn't quite put a finger on it.

«Ah. I see.»

He finally understood why the young man stood out among his peers, and smiled slightly.

It was because everyone else was trying to hide their glances, but the youth was staring at Smile of Heaven brazenly.

«What a brave fellow.»

Shaking his head, Orum looked away and threw another look at the sea of youthful faces.

Then, he froze for a moment.

There was another familiar face in the crowd, quite far from the center of attention. One that he knew far better than that of Valor's son or Immortal Flame's daughter.

«Little Ki..»

A dull pain pierced Orum's heart.

She was a couple of years older than the other two, at the edge of the age susceptible to the plunder of the Nightmare Spell.

She had almost been safe.

Her youthful awkwardness was gone, replaced by quiet confidence. The hint of gloominess remained, though.

Orum gritted his teeth and looked away.

«…Of course.»

Her mother was such an outstanding Awakened, after all. If even his niece and nephews were at risk, then Little Ki would be, too.

He sighed heavily.

«It's alright.»

She was Ravenheart's daughter. An apple did not fall far from the tree, and her mother would have prepared her well.

Little Ki had already survived her First Nightmare, proving that she was strong enough to endure the cruelty of the Nightmare Spell. Yes, her future would be one of bloodshed and peril, like that of all Awakened… but Orum had been living this life for a while, and he was fine.

Surely, she would be fine, too.

Her mother ruled a Citadel in the Dream Realm. Although the Song family was not very renowned, it was still one of the most distinguished families of the modern era. Little Ki had plenty of advantages to help her survive both in the Waking World and in the Dream Realm.

And he had his own problems to deal with. Too many of them to waste time on the child of an old acquaintance….

Soon, the ceremony was over. The Sleepers were taken to their dormitories by the attendants, and the distinguished guests were guided to a banquet hall. Orum found himself in the middle of a celebration once again. He did not attempt to socialize with his peers, though, standing in the corner with a somber expression.

Eventually, he found his way to the center of the hall, where a small crowd was gathered around an exalted figure.

«…Congratulations, sir!»

«Your son has definitely inherited his father's valiance.»

«How goes the struggle against the Dark Forest? I haven't visited Bastion in a while…»

Orum patiently made his way through the circle of sycophants and bowed slightly.

«Ascended Warden.»

The man — Warden of Valor — looked at him in confusion for a moment, then smiled slightly.

«Awakened Orum. It is nice to see you again… how is your Citadel doing? If that Fallen Demon is still causing trouble in your territory, I can send some of my knights to assist you.»

Orum smiled politely.

«Thank you, but I have dealt with it already. Rather, I wanted to talk to you regarding something else…»

Warden's smile brightened a little, and he patted Orum on the shoulder.

«You took down a Fallen Demon, Orum? As expected… great! That is what an Awakened should strive to be.»

He threw a derisive glance at the other people around them, then looked back to Orum.

«What did you want to talk about?»

Orum lingered for a moment, then said in a neutral tone:

«Actually… I was quite touched by your speech. Everything you said is true these children are indeed our future. So, I was wondering if there is an instructor's position left open at the Academy. I'm quite busy handling my territory and the Citadel, of course, but I think I can stay at the Academy for a few months. Learning from a seasoned veteran like me should benefit the kids, don't you think?»

**********


                                Chapter 1935: Four Prodigies
--------------------
"I'm Instructor Orum."

Orum looked at the youths crowding the dojo, hiding his confusion behind a cold expression. How the hell did he end up becoming a teacher? Doing something like that had never been a part of his plans.

In fact, he was supposed to be preparing to challenge the Second Nightmare right now. His soul core had long been saturated, and he had carefully assembled a potent arsenal of suitable Memories. He was even in negotiations to purchase a powerful Echo.

He was also in contact with several seasoned Awakened, searching for reliable companions to enter the Seed. Each of them had endured the horrors of the Nightmare Spell shoulder to shoulder with Orum at some point in the past, so he trusted both their skill and their character. However, assembling a strong cohort was about more than mere power.

There was also the question of complementing each other's powers and covering for each other's weaknesses... not to mention that most people were unwilling to even entertain the thought of gambling away their lives by challenging the Second Nightmare. In short, the process was slow.

So why was he at the Awakened Academy, preparing to teach a combat class? Orum's gaze briefly fell on a young woman with raven hair and gloomy eyes. There was his reason.

Of course, he did not let it show. It would not do Little Ki any good if everyone knew that she was favored by one of the instructors, and more than that, he was not here to be her friend. He was here to teach her how to survive, and the lessons she needed to learn were all harsh and unforgiving. So, he had to maintain a stern facade.

Plus... Orum was ashamed to admit that he had not been a good elder to Little Ki. So, it was questionable if he even had the right to act friendly around her. Looking at the crowd of Sleepers, he lingered for a few moments, and then asked in a cold voice:

"I will be teaching you combat. All of you here have already faced the First Nightmare, so you are not children anymore. You'll be treated as adults. Don't expect any pity from me — the world is a ruthless place, after all, and the Spell will not show you any mercy."

Orum smiled darkly.

"...What do you think the essence of combat is?"

Most youths remained silent, afraid to speak in front of the stern instructor. Only a few of them remained calm.

Anvil — the tall young man with a cold and unapproachable expression — raised his chin slightly and answered in a calm, clear voice:

"The essence of combat is a confrontation between warriors. The warrior who wields a better weapon and knows how to use it with greater skill wins. Combat is the purest expression of one's valor and will, and therefore, its essence is glory."

Orum stared at him silently.

'So many words... so little sense!'

This poor kid must have spent too much time with his father. Warden of Valor was a great man, sure, but his solemn adherence to knightly values often went too far. It was more than enough to indoctrinate an impressionable child into having strange ideas, no doubt.

Granted, young Anvil seemed better than he could have been. At least Orum saw a hint of cold practicality in him — his words might have been lofty, but he still remained grounded.

'Now, how do I disabuse him of these nonsensical notions without sounding too harsh...‘

Before Orum could say anything, however, another voice resounded in the dojo — it was the youth with black hair and grey eyes he had noticed during the ceremony, speaking in a confident tone:

"The essence of combat is murder."

His simple answer caused a few chuckles from the crowd of Sleepers. Orum, however, looked at him with interest.

"Elaborate."

"What is there to elaborate? The enemy wants to murder you, and you want to murder the bastard first. That's all there is to it — everything else is just nonsense."

Orum suppressed a smile.

'What a feral child.’

The youth had been delivered to the Northern Quadrant by ship, so he had no friends and no family here... or anywhere, most likely, considering his habits and attitude. Orum shook his head lightly.

"Not every battle is fought with the intent of killing the enemy."

The youth suddenly smiled.

"Well, that just means that you're fighting it wrong."

There was another wave of chuckles, and Orum blinked.

'That rascal...'

Something was telling him that he would have his hands full with this one. Smile of Heaven glanced at the cynical youth and hurriedly covered her mouth with a hand, trying to suppress mirth. Anvil, meanwhile, looked unamused... he even lost his flawless composure for a moment, shaking his head and uttering in a disapproving tone:

"Ridiculous..."

Well, at least Warden's son was still a human.

Orum shifted his gaze to Little Ki, who was standing in the back row, and asked neutrally:

"What do you think?"

The Sleepers turned around, not sure whom he was asking. Ki Song did not seem to have made an impression, so many looked confused.

Put on the spot, she frowned slightly.

Her answer, however, was calm:

"The essence of combat is failure. If you are forced to fight, you have already lost."

Orum raised an eyebrow, surprised by her answer. It had some merit, sure — more than that, he was somewhat inclined to agree. The second-best way to resolve a conflict was to never give the enemy a chance to fight you, in the first place — by killing them before the battle could even begin. The best way to resolve a conflict was to prevent it from happening entirely.

However, very few would have given such an answer in this era of strife and bloodshed. Awakened prided themselves on being skilled warriors above all else. Smile of Heaven looked at the older girl with a hint of mirth in her eyes. "You've just insulted every Awakened in the world... uh... Ki? Including our venerable parents... and Instructor Orum..."

Little Ki threw a gloomy glance at her, then turned her gaze to Orum and looked him right in the eyes.

"...It's not my problem if they feel insulted by the truth."

Smile of Heaven finally couldn't hold herself back and laughed.

Orum sighed quietly.

'I'm going to have my hands full with this one too, aren't I?‘

He couldn't have known, of course...

But Sunny, who was experiencing his memories, did.

He knew that this was the first conversation between four people who would go on to shake the very foundation of the world.

**********


                                Chapter 1936: Adulthood
--------------------
The months before the winter solstice were precious and short, so the staff of the Academy —and Orum, who had somehow found himself playing the role of an instructor — wasted no time.

The Sleepers were trained and educated according to a gruelling schedule. The system was not very sophisticated, yet, but they were already seeing good results. The youths were learning how to use their new powers, absorbing knowledge about the Dream Realm, and getting to know each other — which would help them fight side by side with fellow Awakened in the future.

Of course, teaching them was not a simple affair. Each Sleeper possessed a unique Aspect, after all, and had received a varied level of prior training. Evaluating their potential was similarly not easy.

Nevertheless, four of them emerged as undisputed standouts early on.

The first one, quite unsurprisingly, was Smile of Heaven — the girl who had received a True Name in her First Nightmare. She was bright and beautiful, and there was something subtle about her that made people feel warm and at ease in her company.

More importantly than that, however, was the fact that she was strong — shockingly strong, in fact. Her Aspect remained a mystery to Orum, since she had never said anything about it, but her extraordinary talent was apparent even without it.

Her physical prowess, martial technique, combat intelligence, and willpower were all incredible, making Smile of Heaven a natural leader among the Sleepers. It was just that her personality was not exactly serious enough to settle in that position, and she didn't seem interested in authority and status, either. So, she was more of everyone's favorite person than the leader of the pack.

Instead, two boys were competing for the title.

One of them was, naturally, Anvil. The serious young man was excellent in all regards, his conduct was flawless, and his battle prowess was exemplary. Added to the immense fame of his family, it was no surprise that other Sleepers looked up to him.

Interestingly enough, he seemed more interested in knowing weapons than he was in wielding them — although his combat technique was still stellar. His Aspect granted him a high affinity to metal, which he used to skillfully control a flying sword

or enhance his swordsmanship in a number of ingenious, and quite insidious, ways.

Both Smile of Heaven and Anvil showed a level of physical strength and endurance that Orum couldn't quite explain, and honestly found a little monstrous. However, he was happy to see the new generation thrive in the perilous world they had been born into.

The second candidate for the title of the very best among the crop of Sleepers, however, was a complete surprise. It was the brazen youth with grey eyes whose amusing remarks had made the entire class chuckle during the first combat class.

The young man had come out of nowhere and had no background to speak of. Nevertheless, he was truly a genius at all things having to do with swordsmanship and combat, easily holding his own against the scions of the most prestigious families and defeating them one after another.

His talent stood out starkly even when compared to the most excellent Sleepers in his class... perhaps of any Sleeper ever, really. His technique was rough, sure, but it was improving by leaps and bounds every day. It was to the point that Orum almost felt exasperated and insecure, unsure if he would have anything left to teach the rascal in a few more months.

The boy's Aspect was an unusual one, too. It had nothing to do with combat, but was instead connected to perception. The young man had an uncanny ability to perceive the underlying elements of various concepts and deduce the connections between them, granting him an unparalleled level of insight into all kinds of things — from how a battle style flowed to how communicators were built.

And lastly, there was Ki Song.

While not as bright and eye-catching as the other three, she soon quietly emerged as one of the strongest members of her generation. Everything about her was balanced and without glaring flaws — she could wield a wide variety of melee weapons with deadly skill, never missed a shot when handling a bow, and could bring most opponents down in hand-to-hand combat.

Above all else, she possessed a deep well of knowledge and skills in the area where many other Sleepers only knew the bare minimum —wilderness survival. Just like her mother, who was an experienced hunter, Ki Song excelled at adapting to any environment, subterfuge, tracking, and eliminating enemies in the most efficient way.

She couldn't really use her Aspect in the training, though, because it was quite an eerie one — her Dormant Ability was pretty much the opposite of healing, allowing her to exacerbate any wound in a slow, but exponential process. Even though she could not very well use it against fellow Sleepers, it would be quite a potent Ability to wiled in actual battles.

Orum made a point of paying special attention to preparing her for the Dream Realm — as much as he could without making it seem as though this one student was more important to him than all the rest.

He did his best...

But the passage of time was ruthless.

In what seemed like the blink of an eye, several months passed, and the day of the winter solstice approached.

On the last day, the instructors led the Sleepers to their designated sleeping pods in the newly built medical complex of the Academy. Orum finally gave up on his pretense and guided Little Ki to her pod personally.

Eventually, it was just the two of them in a small underground chamber. The young woman already looked sleepy and fatigued, so he knew that he would have to leave soon to allow her to get ready and enter the sleeping pod.

Orum lingered, not knowing what to say. After a while, he sighed.

"You did well, Little Ki. Very well. I should say that I am less worried about you than about any other Sleeper who is going to enter the Dream Realm today, but that would be a lie. In fact, I am quite worried, against all sense."

She looked at him with her usual somber expression, then smiled slightly from the corner of her mouth.

"...It's alright, Uncle Orie. I won't let you down."

A little smile touched Orum's lips in response.

'Oh. So she does remember, after all!'

He hesitated for a few moments, feeling glad, then finally asked the question that he had wanted to ask for a long time.

"How is your mother doing, by the way?"

Ki Song turned away and faced the sleeping pod, her slender figure silhouetted by its pale glow in the darkness of the chamber.

Her voice sounded even when she answered:

"She is dead."

Her words struck Orum like a hammer. He froze, paralyzed by the immensity of she had said, and afraid to comprehend it.

A sharp pain pierced his heart, making him shudder.

The young woman sighed, and then said quietly:

"She died not long before my First Nightmare. The being that lived in the volcano emerged and attacked the Citadel, so... she decided to fight it instead of running away, to protect the Gateway and the people anchored to it. The people she was trying to protect, though, all decided to hide and leave her alone. The cowards."

Ki Song pressed a button, and the lid of the sleeping pod opened.

Turning to Orum, she looked at him calmly.

Her face was not the face of a teenager. Instead, it was already the face of an adult.

"The next time we meet, I will be an Awakened. See you soon, Uncle Orie."

A few weeks later, she returned to the waking world and fulfilled her promise.

**********


                                Chapter 1937: Her Last Trace
--------------------
Orum spent several weeks after the solstice feeling numb. There was little to do at the Academy now that the students were away, and he did not want to keep vigil next to their sleeping pods, like some other instructors did in secret.

So, he returned home, spending time with his sister and her children during the day and concentrating on taking care of his Citadel at night.

But even when Orum was with other people, he remained quiet and detached, his expression subdued. His mind was far away.

He was thinking about Ravenheart, his heart full of anguish and regret.

Death was an old friend to the original Awakened like himself, and he had lost many friends and comrades to its clutches. And yet, her death wounded him much deeper than anything had in the past.

lt was bitterly ironic, in hindsight. Orum had lived a long life, and the time the two of them had spent together was not that long. The last time he had seen her was more than a decade ago. And yet... now that Ravenheart was gone, he realized that the great volume of space she inhabited in his heart was incomparable to the fleeting brevity of the few short months they had spent as companions.

But there was nothing he could do, anymore. He could never see her again, and he would never be able to repay his debt to her. It was too late. Ravenheart had died alone, far away, with no one standing by her side.

Now, her presence in his heart was replaced with a hollow absence, and all he was left with was regret.

The only trace of her that remained was her daughter.

"Orie, are you alright?"

He glanced at his sister, hearing concern in her voice, and smiled gently.

"Sure. Don't worry."

Orum hesitated for a few moments, then asked suddenly:

"Do you remember Ravenheart?"

Seeing confusion in her eyes, he corrected himself.

"Jiwon. Do you remember her?"

His sister frowned, started to shake her head, but then brightened.

"Ah! Auntie Jiwon? She was with us when we arrived at NQSC, right? Sure, I remember... she was very kind. Why are you asking?"

Orum looked away.

"...It's nothing. I met her daughter at the Academy recently, so I was just thinking about the past."

His sister smiled.

"Her daughter? Then you have to take good care of her! Oh, and protect her well from the male students... if she's as pretty as her mother, then they'll be making trouble!"

Orum forced out another smile and nodded.

"Sure. I will."

Soon enough, he found himself back at the Academy. By then, many of the Sleepers had undergone the Awakening and returned from the Dream Realm. A particular grey-eyes, brazen youth had even managed to earn himself a True Name on his first visit to the Dream Realm, and was now known as... Broken Sword? Orum would have to check the records again to be sure.

Ki Song was the last of the four front-runners to come back.

He found her in the dormitory cafeteria, eating a light meal in solitude. The Awakening had made the young woman even more beautiful, earning her quite a few stares, but he couldn't see her as anything but a child...

Even though he knew that she was not — not anymore, and not by a long shot. "Uncle Orie."

He sat down across from her and looked at her silently, not knowing what to say.

Was he supposed to offer her condolences? Beg her for forgiveness? Promise her that everything will be fine?

All these words sounded hypocritical and hollow in his mind.

Eventually, Orum said:

"I heard that you ended up south of Bastion."

Ki Song nodded slowly.

"Yes. I was sent to the shores of the Stormsea. It took me some time to make it all the way to Rivergate."

He considered the known geography of the Dream Realm for a few moments, then smiled.

"It's not that far from my own Citadel. If you want... I can reach Rivergate in a few weeks and take you back with me. You'll be welcome among my people. I'll take care of you."

The young woman looked at him silently, her gaze calm and strangely dark. He couldn't read what she was thinking at all.

Eventually, she asked:

"Why would you go to all the trouble on my behalf?"

Orum met her gaze, then leaned back with a sigh.

Indeed, they were passing acquaintances at best. Little Ki was an orphan now, with no valuable connections to speak of. While talented, she had not proven herself yet, so there would be no factions clamoring to recruit her at all costs. Considering all that, his offer to brave the dangers of the Dream Realm for her sake could hardly be explained... unless one considered less savory motives. Orum shook his head and answered simply:

"Because I owe your mother a debt."

He had wanted to say that he was Ravenheart's friend, but realized that he did not even deserve to make that claim.

Ki Song sighed deeply and looked away.

After a while, she suddenly asked:

"How great a debt?"

Orum hesitated, unsure how to answer. Eventually, he simply shrugged and said in a neutral tone:

"Great enough."

The young woman nodded slowly and faced him once again.

"Then I have a favor to ask you, Uncle Orie. A big one."

She paused for a moment, then said in a determined tone:

"Please help me reach my mother's Citadel."

Orum frowned.

'Ravenheart's Citadel...‘

From what he remembered, it was called Jade Palace, and very little was known about it — after all, it was so remote, infinitely far from most populous human enclaves in the Dream Realm.

Many regions of the Dream Realm had already been explored, but few were under human control. The area around Bastion was relatively known, stretching all the way to the inhospitable mountain chain in the north. Beyond the mountains lay a vast and largely untamed wilderness, and beyond even that, a titanic mountain range known as the Hollow Mountains rose toward the sky.

A few daredevils had crossed the first mountain chain in the past, but no one had ever returned alive from the Hollow Mountains. They were a Death Zone, which was a name given to those regions of the Dream Realm where no human could ever survive.

The Jade Palace was said to be situated near the Hollow Mountains, but far, far to the west. The problem was that if one traveled west of Bastion, they would hit an impenetrable barrier of Death Zones, as well.

So, the only way to do what Little Ki wanted to do was to travel south of Rivergate, reach the Stormsea, sail west along its shore, make landfall beyond the wall of Death Zones, and then brave the perils of the Dream Realm all the way to the northern boundary of its known area.

It was a journey spanning tens of thousands of kilometers, full of unknown dangers and deadly threats. Even if they were to travel most of the distance by boat, it would still take them many months to reach the destination... if they weren't eaten by some dreadful Nightmare Creature on the way, of course.

The other option was to somehow find a Nightmare Gate connected to a Seed in the vicinity of the Jade Palace and follow the Call there.

The favor Little Ki was asking of him was indeed a big one.

Orum remained silent for a few moments, studying her youthful face somberly. Eventually, he asked:

"Why do you want to go there?"

The young woman met his heavy gaze with dark determination, then raised her chin slightly and answered in an even tone:

"Because it's mine."

Orum stared at her before looking away with a sigh.

There were a lot of things he had to consider before making the decision. His own Citadel, the preparations to challenge the Second Nightmare, potential risks... whether it was worth it to put himself in danger to help this young woman, who was practically a stranger, to begin with...

But really, deep down, he already knew what he was going to do.

Orum nodded.

"Alright, Little Ki... Awakened Song. I will help you reach the Jade Palace." And he would make sure that she got there alive and well.

**********


                                Chapter 1938: Dispossessed
--------------------
It took Orum a few days to arrange his affairs and prepare to depart for Rivergate. He was not a pillar of humanity by any means, but he was still a very wealthy man — even if the worst happened, his sister and her kids would not want for anything. They shared his high rank in the controversial citizenship system established by the government a few years back, as well.

That said, Orum was not planning on dying in some godforsaken corner of the Dream Realm on the way to the Jade Palace. He was not arrogant, but he was confident in himself. Seasoned Awakened like him were few and far between — in the whole world, there were maybe only a few dozen.

He had not only survived, but also thrived during the darkest days of humanity. So, the Nightmare Spell would have to work really hard to bring him down. Leaving his body in a sleeping pod and walking through the gates of his Citadel, Orum traveled south. Traversing the wilderness reminded him of his younger days, but he did not allow nostalgia to make him complacent. A couple of weeks later, he arrived at the edges of an ancient forest.

His armor had a few scratches, and there was a scattering of soul shards in his pack. A trail of dead abominations was left in his wake.

The forest, however... the forest was an entirely different kind of beast. Entering it alone was simply asking to be swallowed by it.

So, Orum made camp and waited for a while. The sea of leaves rustled in the distance, and the nearby river murmured as it flowed south, disappearing between the tall trees.

He spent a restless night on its bank. On the next day, a battered ship appeared from somewhere upstream, and Orum used his chance to brave the strong current and climb aboard — the crew was surprised to see him, but glad to have another Awakened blade with them for the last and most dangerous leg of the journey.

The river was teeming with Nightmare Creatures, but it was still safer than the dark expanse of the forest. So, unless someone had a cohort of Wardens knights escorting them, they preferred to travel by water.

Orum reached the Mirror Lake, changed ships at Bastion, and continued on his way to Rivergate.

By the time he met Little Ki there, he was carrying quite a few soul shards with him.

"Here. Take them... the more saturated your core is, the easier it will be for us to travel."

The young woman took the shards silently and crushed them one by one in her fist.

They were currently in the dining hall of Rivergate. There was a small crowd of Awakened having a meal there — some of them warriors serving Jest, some simply people anchored at the ancient fortress.

The master of the Citadel himself, luckily, was nowhere to be seen. Now that Anvil had Awakened, his father's old comrades — those of them who were still alive — were probably busy guiding the young man in hunting down Nightmare Creatures in the wilderness, both to saturate his core and to help him gain experience. Warden had big hopes for his youngest son.

Orum looked at Little Ki quietly.

She was wearing an enchanted black leather armor, trying to look calm and confident. However, he knew that she was most likely disoriented and afraid. It took time to get used to the Dream Realm... and most people never did.

Those like him who were at home here were the minority.

He hesitated for a few moments.

"Why do you really want to go to the Jade Palace? Are you planning to take revenge on the Nightmare Creature that killed your mother? If so... sure, let's do it. But we'll have to be careful. Ravenheart was strong, so if that thing managed to kill her, we have our work cut out for us."

She paused for a moment, then shook her head.

"No. The Nightmare Creature... it's already dead. Mom killed it before succumbing to her wounds."

Orum raised an eyebrow.

"Why, then?"

Little Ki gave him her usual gloomy look and remained silent for a while. Eventually, she said:

"She arranged for the Citadel to become mine, in case anything happened to her. The uncles and aunties who live there... they were supposed to take care of me and carry out her will.‘l

Orum frowned, already suspecting what had happened.

"But they haven‘t?"

She smiled darkly.

"No. They took the shards and Memories she set aside for me, and they've taken the Citadel, too. They told me that they‘ll gladly surrender it to me if I Awaken and come to claim ownership of the Jade Palace, though."

Orum sighed. Of course, they had said that — knowing perfectly well that the Dream Realm was vast, and her chances of making it to that remote place alive were very slim. A young girl with no connections would not dare to travel far across the wilderness, in the first place.

Ruling a Citadel was both prestigious and lucrative, so the newly ownerless Jade Palace would ignite people's greed.

They had underestimated Little Ki's determination, though.

As well as her connections.

He shook his head and asked in a business—like tone:

"What is your Awakened Ability?"

She hesitated for a few moments.

"...I can animate inanimate objects and control them like puppets."

Orum considered that Ability for a while. It sounded useful... almost as if Little Ki could create surrogate Echoes without actually receiving them from the Spell. Of course, he would have to see just how powerful her puppets were, and how well she could control them in a fight.

A puppeteer was quite a frightening existence, though. Orum had battled a few abominations with similar powers in the past, and each time was a real nightmare.

He nodded.

"What about your Flaw?"

The young woman stared at him silently.

"...I'm not telling."

Orum laughed.

"Good. I would have stopped you if you tried. Never reveal your Flaw to anyone, girl. Not even your family."

She continued to stare at him with the same expression.

"I don't have a family."

He hid his pain and discomfort behind a smile.

"Well, you will. Hopefully, one day soon."

At that, her expression subtly changed, turning even more gloomy.

They left Rivergate the next day, traveling by boat to the shores of the Stormsea. There, a large ship was already waiting for them — Orum had pulled some strings and arranged passage west for himself and Little Ki. Despite the fact that he knew the captain, hiring her had cost him a fortune.

Soon, the ship set sail and dove into the perilous mists of the nebulous ocean.

**********


                                Chapter 1939 Life and Death
--------------------
Orum had seen too many terrible things to count, both before and after the descent of the Nightmare Spell... but the voyage across the Stormsea was by far the most harrowing experience of his life.

The nebulous ocean was boundless and unfathomably deep, with untold horrors dwelling beneath its restless waves. It was shrouded in impenetrable fog sometimes, and at over times, surged and boiled in the throes of devastating storms. Night and day never followed a set pattern, sometimes coming and going in an instant, sometimes lingering for far too long.

Most of the time, though, there was twilight, with countless pale stars shining on the velvet background of the distant sky. All of it felt as if the world was fragmented and disconnected here, and that made Orum feel lost.

The fact that he was away from land, which was the foundation of his Aspect, did not help one bit.

The wooden ship they sailed upon was constantly assaulted — either by the towering waves and hurricane winds or by dreadful abominations that dwelled beneath the waves. And that was even after their experienced captain had set a course that took them past the dwellings of the truly deadly Nightmare Creatures, sticking close to the shore, where the danger was less severe.

Both Drum and Little Ki were forced to participate in many battles, barely surviving a few of them.

'...And I thought that Warden and his people, who had chosen to settle in the middle of an actual Titan, were insane.‘

Nightwalker and his ilk were far more crazy. The captain — a beautiful Ascended woman with strange indigo eyes — seemed perfectly at ease in these terrifying waters, though, never losing her cheerful mood. The only times she looked wistful was then talking about her newborn baby, an infant boy named Naeve, whom she had left in the waking world to make this journey.

Orum felt a bit guilty for cashing in the favor she owed him.

In any case, he was having trouble maintaining his composure at sea. Considering that Little Ki had just Awakened and did not have a lot of experience, he would have expected her to struggle much more... but to his surprise, he took the horrors of the Stormsea in stride, never showing any signs of fear or agitation.

It took him some time to understand that it was because she had never expected anything else from the world, to begin with. Orum and the other Awakened of his generation had a frame of reference and were able to compare reality to how it used to be before the Nightmare Spell.

Little Ki and her peers, however, had been born into the dread of the Spell and grew up surrounded by Nightmare Gates, murderous abominations, and chilling stories of the Dream Realm. They had never known anything else, and so, the terrors of the modern era were simply mundane reality to them.

Orum understood that rationally, but the young woman's callous indifference still seemed eerie to him. It was more than a little inhuman.

Nevertheless, it was quite helpful on this dangerous journey.

The Stormsea was harrowing, but it did not claim their lives. Eventually, the ship made landfall on a desolate shore far west of Bastion and Rivergate, past the impenetrable barrier of Death Zones.

Orum and Little Ki said their goodbyes to the ship's crew and captain and headed deeper inland alone.

It took them a few weeks to reach the River of Tears, which would serve as their guide on the way north. The estuary of the great river was ruled by a particularly terrifying Nightmare Creatures, so ships couldn't enter it from the Stormsea — that was why Orum and the young woman he was escorting had to travel by land.

Looking at the vast river, Little Ki sighed.

"It's a shame. If someone managed to slay that thing and conquer the estuary, human territories in the west would have become connected to the Stormsea, and therefore to the eastern enclaves. They would have started to develop much faster."

Orum smiled.

"Well, maybe someone will one day in the future. For now, however, a Corrupted Terror is too dire of an adversary for us humans... it's not impossible to kill one if enough Ascended joined forces, but many of them would probably perish."

His smile dimmed a little, and he sighed.

"For now, all we humans can do in the Dream Realm is survive... and even then just barely. I don't think we'll be able to concern ourselves with things like progress and development any time soon."

Little Ki remained motionless for a while, looking over the vast expanse of flowing water with a thoughtful expression. Eventually, he turned away and aimed her gaze north.

"Let‘s go, Uncle Orie."

And so, they did.

There was a Citadel on the shore of the River of Tears a few weeks of travel north. From there, they would be able to hire a rowboat and sail upstream — either all the way to the edges of the Moonriver Plains, or until the boat was destroyed by the abominations populating the river.

Orum and Little Ki had plenty of opportunities to fight side by side on the way to the Citadel. Of course, he was the main force of the small cohort — but due to his power and his experience. However, these skirmishes helped Ortnn understand just how precious the young woman's Aspect truly was.

It was not even her Awakened Ability, which allowed Little Ki to bring inanimate puppets to life — those were strong and convenient to have around, sure, but heavily limited by her ability to construct them. After all, animating a log would not be very helpful, considering that a log was relatively fragile and, most importantly, had no articulated limbs.

The young woman had made a few crude dolls out of clay that Orum had summoned, hardened to resemble granite, and shaped. They were quite handy, drawing the attention of the Nightmare Creatures away, stalling the enemies, and giving him a chance to slay the abominations without risking his own body. If one was destroyed, another one could be built.

Sadly, these dolls were still too weak, no stronger than mundane humans would be and far more clumsy. Perhaps if Little Ki had spent a fortune to commission one or two from an Awakened craftsman, things could have been different, but it was not something they could do now.

...It was her Dormant Ability, however, that made Orum reevaluate the young woman's Aspect.

Little Ki's insidious power was reasonably strong on its own... but it was when she fought side by side with someone else that it truly shone. Especially someone like Orum, who possessed an Aspect capable of dealing direct damage to the enemy.

With the young woman by his side, his own effectiveness increased exponentially. That was because Orum did not have to deal fatal wounds to Nightmare Creatures anymore, which was quite difficult to do. Instead, any wound sufficed, from relatively severe ones to insignificant and shallow.

If he managed to as much as scratch an abomination by controlling the earth, Little Ki's power would infect the little wound, slowly making it more and more dire. The cut would continuously widen and grow deeper, more and more blood would flow from it, and the flesh surrounding it would start to rot.

If enough time passed, the scratch would become a deadly wound, draining the Nightmare Creature of all life. And the more deep the initial wound was, the less time had to pass.

Watching the abominations die in agony was quite chilling... but also quite satisfying.

More than that, Orum felt at peace, knowing that with such power, Little Ki would be welcomed by any cohort. Even the best warriors would benefit greatly from having her by their side, and that was not even considering her excellent martial talent and keen mind. 80, her future was all but set.

If she survived that journey, of course...

Ensuring that was his job.

**********


                                Chapter 1940 Ugly Side
--------------------
Orum's confidence had not been in vain. In the end, they did make it across the entirety of the explored area of the Dream Realm alive, even if it took them many months.

The journey had been dreadful and permeated by the stench of blood, but he and Little Ki had not had to endure it without respite. They travelled from one Citadel to another, slowly moving north, and took breaks when arriving at a new human stronghold.

Sometimes, they simply remained at the Citadel, enjoying the hospitality of the locals, patching up their wounds, and recuperating. Sometimes, they used the Gateways to return to the waking world, climb out of the sleeping pods, and let their tired minds and souls rest by enjoying the lavish offerings of the modern era.

in the process, Orum had to reevaluate his opinion of the western human territory in the Dream Realm. Yes, it was far less lively and populated than the eastern enclaves, but there were still far more people using the isolated Citadels as shelter than he had expected.

It made sense, in hindsight. The number of Awakened in the world was increasing with every year, and it was already incomparable to the early days of the Nightmare Spell that he remembered.

Back then, the Dream Realm was alien and frightening, and meeting a single human here felt like a blessing. But now, there were whole communities with hundreds or even thousands Awakened living here. Many of those Awakened did not even have to fight for their lives every day, providing valuable services to the warriors or working to maintaining and improve the Citadels — even in the west.

Some of the Citadels here were small and constantly besieged by abominations, but others were like small towns, with strong garrisons and powerful lords leading the people to if not prosperity, then at least stability. The only thing that was missing was a figure like Warden — someone strong enough and influential enough to unite the disparate groups of struggling Awakened and build connections between their strongholds, allowing humans to cooperate and support each other.

Little Ki was absorbing the reality of this wild land like a sponge, observing the lives of the local Awakened with her serious, gloomy eyes. She didn't speak much, but the further north they went, the more her gaze seemed full of determination.

Eventually, they scaled the Moonriver Plains and came in view of the mountains where her mother's Citadel stood.

On that day, Orum looked at the sky and saw dark flakes of ash fall from it like snow.

He lingered for a while, then sighed and then looked at the silent young woman by his side.

In these months they had spent together, Little Ki had grown from a newly Awakened novice to an experienced warrior. The excellent foundation of martial techniques taught to her by Ravenheart bloomed, becoming actual skill. That skill had been sharpened by countless battles with Nightmare Creatures, and her character had undergone a subtle change, giving her more confidence.

Her soul core was also much more potent now, reinforced by hundreds of soul shards. She had also earned quite a few Memories, and was not at all a destitute Awakened she had been after her inheritance was stolen by unscrupulous people.

However...

Orum had not taught her the most important lesson. One that he was reluctant to teach the daughter of his dead friend and benefactor, but nevertheless had to. There was no place for na'iveté and innocence in the Dream Realm.

He sighed.

"Little Ki... we will reach the Jade Palace soon."

She nodded, then smiled a little.

Her smile looked a little dark with ash swirling around her pale face.

"Finally."

Orum hesitated for a moment.

"...What do you think will happen when we do? When those people promised to surrender their claim to your mother's Citadel, they weren't necessarily being sincere... you know that, right?"

The young woman just stared at him silently, as if not understanding the question.

He pursed his lips.

"You've grown quite good as battling Nightmare Creatures, Little Ki. You've done well to survive so far. But you need to realize something important... out here in the Dream Realm, abominations are not the only danger. Humans can be just as dangerous as abominations, and just as monstrous. Do you understand what I am trying to say?"

Orum had matured in the chaos caused by the descent of the Nightmare Spell, so he knew all too well how hideous and vile humans could be. Little Ki, however, was raised in the world where relative stability had already been established — she did not have an opportunity to witness the ugly side of humanity yet. Which was a mercy, as far as he was concerned.

The young woman considered his question for a while, then tilted her head a little, confusion still apparent in her eyes.

"Of course, I understand."

She lingered for a moment, and then added matter—of—factly:

"I'm a human too."

Orum sighed, then nodded and headed west.

"Good. Let's be done with this dreadful journey, then."

They traversed the Moonriver Plain and scaled the mountains, eventually coming in view of a colossal stone bridge. On its other side, a beautiful palace that seemed to be cut from obsidian stood, shrouded in a billowing cloud of ash. This was where Ravenheart had lived, fought, and died.

The stark landscape was lonesome and beautiful, just like she was in Orum's mind.

He shivered in the cold and took a step forward.

"We should cross the bridge as fast as we can."

Little Ki followed. As they stepped on the bridge and walked across it, struggling against the powerful winds, she said suddenly:

"Uncle Orie..."

l'Ie spared her a glance.

The young woman remained silent for a few moments, and then said quietly: "No matter what happens once we reach the Citadel, don't interfere. I have to handle it myself. Promise me."

Orum hesitated, but eventually nodded.

"Alright. I won't do anything."

'Unless you're in danger.‘

She looked at the distant edifice of the dark palace, cold determination burning in her eyes.

Suddenly, Orum felt a chilling premonition grasp his heart.

He couldn't quite explain it, but grew tense nonetheless.

**********

