Shadow Slave - PART 135
Chapters 1341 to 1350
==============================


                                Chapter 1341 Learning the Hard Way
--------------------
Sunny was more of a copycat than an actual sorcerer. Most of his repertoire consisted of recreating the weaves of various enchantments he had gleaned from his own Memories, not creating those of his own.

Of course, even that was already a stunning achievement. Armed with nothing but his intelligence and a bit of intuition granted to him by Blood Weave - as well as the ability to see weaves, in the first place - he taught himself the most fundamental principles of sorcery. The wondrous sorcery of the Demon of Fate, which very few beings had ever been able to wield.

At this point, Sunny had barely taken the first step away from blindly copying the spellweaves, tentatively trying to disassemble and modify them to serve his whims. The Siege Souvenir, a unique Memory he had created to slay the Fallen Titan Goliath, was the result of these attempts.

But Sunny was still a mere novice, all things considered. He was leagues away from true sorcerers... like the mysterious being who had created the Estuary Key, for example. That weave was simply beyond his imagination. He couldn't even imagine how long it would take him to reach the same transcendent level of mastery. A few hundred years, perhaps? A millennium?

So, Sunny had no illusions about his achievements. They were rather astonishing when compared to other modern Awakened, but that was only because most of those Awakened knew absolutely nothing about sorcery. In the grand scheme of things, his skill was negligible.

...Or so he thought before taking a look at the weave of Ananke's mantle.

'Huh? Wait... what is going on...'

The tapestry of ethereal strings shone in the darkness, laid bare in front of his altered eyes. It was much simpler than the infinitely complex weaves created by the Spell, but still... wasn't he comprehending it a little bit too fast? It was almost like an open book.

'That part of the pattern is responsible for enhancing durability, that one has something to do with fire... ah, it's making the mantle inflammable. That one makes it waterproof. Then what do these strings do? Hmm. Looks familiar. Right! If I scale the size and complexity of this part by... a lot... it would be similar to a fragment of [Living Stone]. The basic structure is the same. Which is also the basic structure of the universal restorative trait of all Memories. So it's self-repair, then...'

Sunny opened his eyes wide and leaned back.

"...What the hell?"

How was he suddenly so good at reading weaves? Before, he could only feel a slight inkling of understanding about the nature of certain enchantments, but now, he was somehow able to see the intent behind various sections of the ethereal tapestry almost clearly. Despite it being a completely unfamiliar way of weaving.

It just looked very... understandable.

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

'Don't tell me...'

A sudden guess appeared in his mind. He gave the black mantle a dubious look, then let out a small laugh.

'I'll be damned.'

The weaves the Spell created were infinitely ingenious and near perfect, and as a result, they were all unimaginably complex and intricate. It was to such a degree that Sunny had to spend weeks studying the simplest ones, and even that was only due to his better-than-average memory and innate talent.

He had been bashing his head against this daedal wall for about two years now, and for every grain of knowledge he gained, there were a hundred he failed to decipher and comprehend.

The weave of Ananke's mantle was also elaborate enough to make a person dizzy, but it was nowhere near the complexity of the tapestries the Spell created. And so... it seemed that after being tempered by the latter, Sunny had grown skilled enough to more or less discern the general flow of the former.

It was as though he had been learning to read by perusing an abstruse epic poem without ever even laying eyes on an alphabet book. The weave of the mantle, meanwhile, was not primitive enough to be called an alphabet, but it was something that a middle schooler would be able to read.

And after braving the weaves of the Spell, Sunny had learned enough to be considered one such middle schooler.

He covered his face with his palm and remained motionless for a while.

'Right... it's just like being sent to the Forgotten Shore. After returning from there, we were also constantly bewildered by how weak normal Awakened seemed. Greater obstacles forge greater strength. As long as you can actually survive them, of course, which most of us didn't.'

He was both the survivor of the Forgotten Shore and of learning sorcery by studying the Spell at work. As such, the work of actual weavers was like... strangely accessible.

Sunny shook his head, then calmed down and looked back to Ananke's mantle.

'Right. This is great news, then. Not only will I be able to understand its enchantments faster, I will also be able to use them as a replacement for a text book and propel my weaving forward. Hopefully, I mean... it's still not exactly an alphabet book.'

He spent the rest of the day studying the odd weave. It was not simple by any means, but after suffering the appalling complexity of the immaculate weaves created by the Spell, Sunny almost enjoyed the process.

In the end, he realized that the black mantle was not that mysterious of an item.

The masks the priests wore were the true treasures, while their attire was mostly meant to serve a practical purpose. It was still a precious heirloom, of course... the fabric itself seemed to be a Transcendent material, very similar to the Night Silk from which Noctis had once sewn him a garment. In fact, it might have been the very same silk.

It was fashioned in a way that obfuscated the wearer's physical features, and enchanted to be supremely durable, stealthy, and enduring... all qualities that the persecuted priests of the Nightmare Spell would have needed in their perilous journeys.

A perfect attire for heretical evangelists who often found themselves being hated and hunted by the people they were trying to convert.

...Or an ill-fated Awakened who often found himself having to deal with all kinds of unspeakable horrors.

Sunny hesitated for a while, then summoned Weaver's Needle and got to work modifying the weave of the nebulous black mantle. Black threads joined the ethereal strings of soul essence.

By the time the seven suns drowned in the water and the Great River shone with iridescent radiance, he lowered his hands and heard the Spell whispering into his ear:

[You have received a Memory, Ananke's Mantle.]

**********


                                Chapter 1342 Nebulous Mantle
--------------------
It didn't take a lot of effort to add the basic patterns of a Memory to the weave of the black mantle. That was what he had been doing over and over again to supply the Brilliant Emporium with inventory, after all. By now, weaving them was almost muscle memory.

They did not put a lot of pressure on a weave, either. Even Dormant Memories of the First Tier could bear the weight... the nexus of the mantle had been fashioned out of a Transcendent soul shard, so Sunny did not even have to integrate a second node into the ethereal tapestry.

It was a bit tricky to make the two different schools of weaving flow into each other, but since Sunny's method was the more intricate one and not the other way around, solving that problem proved to be trivial.

Just like that, he gained a new Memory at the cost of a few shadow strings.

Enjoying the view of the shimmering Great River, Sunny smiled tiredly. Studying hard was an exhausting process, but he welcomed the fatigue. It was a sign that he had made progress. He didn't regret turning the mantle into a Memory, either - even if it wasn't useful, he would have been reluctant to part with it.

All things that weren't stored within his soul would be lost at the end of the Nightmare. If he had been cognizant of that fact earlier, he would have had a better memento of Noctis than a luxurious chair.

...Although he had nothing really to complain about, considering that the Shadow Chair was actually one of his most valued Memories. Sunny summoned the runes. Ananke's Mantle was there, at the end of the list.

Even though he more or less already knew what the runes would say, he still read them.

Memory: Ananke's Mantle.

Memory Rank: Transcendent.

Memory Tier: I.

Memory Type: Garment.

Sunny smiled faintly. Garments were a rare type of Memory, since the better ones were classified as armor by the Spell. Those that did not make the cut were generally less useful, but their benefit was that they could be worn in conjunction with an armor-type Memory. Like the Dark Wing, which he had been using ever since the Forgotten Shore.

He continued reading, feeling a pinching pain in his heart:

Memory Description: [This mantle once belonged to Ananke of Weave, Priestess of the Nightmare Spell. She met the Children of Weaver in a nightmare and guided them across the perilous currents of time. Her wisdom was radiant, and her kindness was a blessing. May she rest in peace.]

The Spell had not written that description. Sunny had written it himself. He had tried to come up with the right words, but they all rang hollow. In the end, he had simply written a few awkward sentences, not knowing what else to do.

Unsatisfied, Sunny looked away from the description.

'No one else is going to see this description, anyway. Only Nephis and me.'

Eventually, he grimaced and concentrated on the enchantments. The runes read:

Memory Enchantments: [Enduring], [Conceiling], [Tasteless].

[Enduring] made the mantle durable, resistant against the elements, and capable of repairing itself. [Conceiling] masked the presence of its wearer - the mystical kind of presence powerful Awakened possessed.

[Tasteless], though... was a rather strange enchantment, if it could even be called that. From what Sunny could see, it didn't do anything. It was just there, containing nothing except for its name and description.

The description read:

[Tasteless] Enchantment Description: "Why did it have to be black?".

'Huh...'

Which was rather perplexing. The people wearing the mantle would not have been able to read the description unless they were sorcerers themselves, which most of the priests of the Nightmare Spell had not been. So, the mysterious creator of the enchanted garment seemed to have left that odd message for no one in particular.

Sunny shook his head.

'That person must have been a bit of a lunatic... also, what are they talking about? Everything looks better in black!'

Each rune of the description demanded essence strings to be wasted, after all. And weaving them took both effort and time. So, only a crazy person would go around weaving unnecessary runes...

Sunny coughed, remembering his own track record. Back in the Antarctic Center, he had once sent Nephis a message through a Memory called "I Am Stuck in an Endless Tunnel Full of True Darkness. How the Hell Do I Get Out? Ask Cassie".

Was there really a need to add "the hell" to the actual question? No.

But did it feel good to add it?Hell yes.

Looking down in embarrassment, he put on the tasteful black mantle and rose. Leaving the Shadow Chair by the ketch, Sunny rubbed his face and went to find Nephis.

He had gained a lot of insights from studying the weave left behind by an unknown sorcerer. It felt like his understanding of sorcery was on the precipice of taking a qualitative leap in the coming days... he would have to do a lot more work, of course, as well as digest all his gains.

However, Sunny already had a few ideas on how to proceed.

Right now, he lacks the soul shards to do anything significant. There were a few that Ananke had used while fishing, to lure the Nightmare Creatures, but those were of lesser Ranks. He was meaning to use them to create Memories for Nightmare to consume.

That said...

He still had the Supreme soul shard that they had scavenged from the Black Turtle. Which meant that he could potentially create a Supreme Memory.

Of course, it was not that simple. Scaling an enchantment was not as simple as replacing the nexus of a weave. Most of them could not be scaled at all, and those that could required the weave itself to be vastly modified and improved.

After all, strings made out of Awakened soul essence could not endure the flow of Transcendent energies. The patterns themselves had to be adjusted, as well, to account for the increased burden. Not to mention that enchantments were usually limited by their own nature... infusing them with more potent essence would simply be a waste.

It was a proper mess.

However...

When Sunny asked himself how to empower the members of the cohort and make them capable of facing the perils of the Tomb of Ariel better, he couldn't help but think back to the Forgotten Shore, where they had also been forced to fight abominations one or even two Ranks above them.

How had they been able to survive that crucible?

There were a lot of reasons why they had, but one of the most significant ones... was a single Memory.

A Memory that could empower all other Memories, and which had been the primary goal of their lethal expedition across the Crimson Labyrinth, to the outskirts of the Hollow Mountains.

The Dawn Shard.

So... what if Sunny did not create a Supreme Memory, but instead elevated the Dawn Shard to the Supreme Rank?

Wouldn't that be the most efficient way of making the cohort stronger?

-----

Erdiul's Note: Holidays...yeah, so I won't be available for the coming days. That means no chapters. Will release them when I'm available again. Merry Christmas.

**********


                                Chapter 1343 Crown of Dawn
--------------------
The deck of the Chain Breaker was dark, illuminated only by the pale glow of the iridescent water that gleamed below. The radiance of the Great River at night was usually beautiful, but today, it seemed ghostly.

Sunny was not disturbed by the darkness, of course, but he had to think about Nephis as well.

'We should probably place a few lanterns around the ship.'

The light of the lanterns could potentially attract Nightmare Creatures, but that was not really a problem - not because they were not wary of the abominations, but because gaining their attention was more or less inevitable.

Thinking about when their first battle would happen, Sunny approached the stern of the ship.

Nephis was still standing in the runic circle, holding the steering oar. There was a luminous Memory placed on the deck near her feet, creating a small island of warm orange glow in the ocean of darkness.

In that orange light, her beautiful face was pale and lifeless. She had been guiding the ship the entire day, and the accumulated fatigue was taking its toll.

He listened to the wind, determining its direction.

'It's blowing from the future.'

Stepping into the light, Sunny smiled and gestured to the oar.

"Go rest. I'll take it from here."

He could not use the sorcery of Names yet, but since the winds were on their side, the Chain Breaker could do without its support for now. Losing some speed was not going to delay them by much.

In fact, both Saint and Fiend were intelligent enough to keep the ship on course. Sunny preferred to let them stand guard for now, though.

Studying his face for a few moments, Nephis nodded and let go of the oar. As she stepped out of the runic circle, Sunny entered it.

"Wait."

He caught her hand in his own and lingered for a few moments. She stared at him with an incredulous expression.

"That Memory of yours, the Crown of Dawn. Can you lend it to me for a few days?"

Nephis raised an eyebrow.

"Sure? Why?"

Sunny simply shrugged.

"I want to see if I can improve it a little. Don't get your hopes up, though... chances are, nothing will end up happening. It's worth a try, at least."

She hesitated for a couple of moments. Then, a spark of energy traveled from her hand into his own.

The Spell whispered, its voice as enigmatic as ever:

[You have received a Memory, Dawn Shard.]

Sunny smiled.

"Thank you. Now, go rest. I'll wake you up if some abyssal horror attacks us from below the waves, I promise."

Nephis stared at him somberly.

"...You could have just said 'sweet dreams', you know?"

He grinned.

"Oh, I do. But where's the fun in that?"

Shaking her head, Nephis freed her cool hand from his grasp, picked up the luminous Memory, and left. Sunny remained standing in the darkness for a while, staring at the empty space where she had just been.

Then, he sighed, glanced at his empty hand, and placed it on the steering oar.

"Ah. It's so lonesome, sailing across a river of unholy titan's blood in the dark..."

With that, Sunny summoned the Dawn Shard.

A simple band of bright metal appeared in his free hand, decorated with a single gem. The Crown of Dawn did not look that impressive at first glance. It was more austere than opulent... and yet, that simple circlet was the reason Sunny, the members of the cohort, and the Fire Keepers had been able to return from the Forgotten Shore.

Its single enchantment was extraordinarily powerful. The Dawn Shard empowered all Memories in a large radius around it. Back on the Forgotten Shore, that empowerment had been strong enough to elevate the Awakened weapons of the Dreamer Army to resemble Ascended ones in terms of lethality.

Which was an inconceivable boon, considering that there was no limit to the number of Memories the Crown of Dawn could enhance. It was a passive enchantment, as well.

That was how they had been able to slay Fallen abominations.

Sadly, its usefulness diminished more and more as Nephis and her allies grew stronger and acquired better equipment after escaping the Forgotten Shore. The Dawn Shard could still empower Ascended Memories to a substantial degree, but nowhere near elevating them to an entire new Rank. The effect on Transcendent Memories was even more modest.

Considering the type of enemies Sunny and the members of the cohort would have to face in the Third Nightmare, that augmentation was all but insignificant.

But what if he elevated the Crown of Dawn itself from an Ascended Memory to a Supreme one?

Sunny doubted that he would be able to perform a flawless alteration. But even if he managed to make the Dawn Shard as powerful as a Transcendent Memory by outfitting it with a Supreme soul shard, the result would already increase their chances of prevailing against Great Nightmare Creatures by a lot.

Before, he would not have even dared to try...

But now, he had two advantages. The first one was the push studying Ananke's Mantle had given him. The second one was the nature of the Crown of Dawn itself.

The first time Nephis had used it, Sunny saw the weaves of his Memories growing more radiant, each nexus and ethereal string shining with brighter light. The augmentation either strengthened the Memories by empowering their weaves, or made the weaves stronger to withstand the increased power of the Memories.

In any case, the result was the same. The essence strings became more robust.

And the first Memory the Dawn Shard empowered was itself. Its weave was always augmented by its own effect... perhaps that was the reason why this Ascended Memory could possess such an unreasonable power.

So, it was more or less a perfect Memory for Sunny to try and transplant the Supreme shard into. His major concern was that strings weaved from lesser essence would not be able to withstand the burden of channeling superior energies, but what if they were made more durable by those very same energies?

The weave of the Crown of Dawn was much too complex for him to recreate, but modifying it was different... probably.

He wouldn't know until he took a look.

Sunny shifted his perception and peered into the bright metal, trying to discern the underlying weave of the Shard Memory. Soon, an inconceivable tapestry of ethereal strings appeared in front of his eyes, shining in the darkness.

Holding the oar, he smiled wistfully and took a deep breath.

"Let's get to work..."

**********


                                Chapter 1344 On Course
--------------------
The weave of a Shard Memory was subtly different from an ordinary one. They possessed some unique qualities, after all, like the ability to remain in existence after the owner's death, or the hidden purpose of manifesting the Oath Keys after all seven had been gathered in one place.

Luckily, Sunny possessed two Shard Memories of his own - the Midnight and Moonlight Shards - so he already knew how to find and isolate these sections of the tapestry, which was supposed to make the task of deciphering the rest of it easier.

...In theory.

In practice, the spellweave of a Shard Memory was even more labyrinthine than that of a normal Memory. Sunny had managed to gain a sufficient level of understanding of the Midnight Shard - enough so to apply a part of its enchantment to the Siege Souvenir - but the Moonlight Shard still remained beyond his grasp.

Which was a shame, because the ghostly stiletto possessed one of the most useful enchantments Sunny had ever seen - it was able to appear instantly, without wasting any time manifesting itself from the sparks of essence. If Sunny could master that single enchantment, all Memories he created would gain a lethal edge.

The more powerful a Memory was, the longer it took to manifest. So, as the Awakened reached higher Ranks of power, they had to be more and more strategic about when to summon their Memories.

Considering that he was unable to master the weave of the Moonlight Shard to this day, the Dawn Shard could very well prove to be a similarly tough nut to crack.

As Sunny stared at the vast tapestry of ethereal strings hidden within the band of bright metal, the corner of his eye twitched.

'Yeah...'

This... was not going to be easy.

'But I can do it.'

He was certain of it. Recreating the whole weave was out of the question, but modifying it... armed with the insights he had gained and would gain from Ananke's Mantle, he felt confident in his chances.

It was just going to take a lot of effort, and a lot of time.

'How do I transplant a new nexus without collapsing the whole weave? How do I ensure that superior essence actually produces a superior result? How do I prevent the less resilient sections of the weave from being torn apart by the increased burden on them?'

All these questions required answers... there were many more problems to solve, as well. Sunny had never tried something quite as ambitious as turning a powerful Ascended Memory into a tremendously more powerful Supreme Memory.

One thing was certain - it would require an inhuman level of finesse and precision. It would also require a lot of additional essence strings.

And a lot of ingenuity, of course.

The task was daunting, but Sunny did not feel discouraged. Instead, he felt almost... excited.

It beat patching up sails or drowning in a foul mood, at least.

Comfortably resting his back against the bending surface of the tall aplustre, he moved the oar a little and peered into the shimmering spellweave.

By the time the seven suns rose from the water, Sunny felt like his head was on the verge of exploding. However, he also felt satisfied with his progress.

Standing in the runic circle at the stern of the graceful vessel, Sunny was holding the Dawn Shard in one hand. His other hand was resting on the steering oar.

...His other four hands danced in the air and weaved strings from his flowing shadow essence. Those were manifested from the shadows, of course.

Sunny had been long accustomed to using an additional pair of shadow arms - it was not too hard for him, considering his experiences in the Second Nightmare. The most difficult part was actually learning how to manifest sufficiently intricate hands from shadows, but he had mastered that in Antarctica, as well.

While studying the weave of the Crown of Dawn, though, he understood that the finesse he would need to alter it was not something a human could achieve. Two hands and ten fingers were simply not enough... and neither were four hands and twenty fingers, at least not at his current level of skill.

So, remembering his dream of being Weaver, Sunny tried to manifest not two, but six additional arms. Finely controlling eight hands at the same time had turned out too much for his mind, however. Even with the help of the Shroud of Dusk, he could not manage that many.

It was one thing to pull on the ropes to raise sails, or rip Nightmare Creatures to shreds. Those were crude actions that did not require a lot of finesse. Weaving, on the other hand, demanded absolute precision. Displacing a string by a hair's breadth could mean the difference between success and failure.

In the end, Sunny had to dismiss two shadow arms and be satisfied with only having six hands.

'Who walks around with only six arms? That's simply unreasonable... embarrassing, really!'

At that moment, Nephis emerged from the lower deck, rubbing her face sleepily. She glanced at Sunny and nodded... then froze and looked at him again.

After a while, she shook her head slightly, sighed, and continued on her way to examine the ship and practice her swordsmanship.

Some time later, the smell of delicious food being cooked reached Sunny's nose.

He smiled.

'Time for breakfast, I guess.'

Commanding Saint to replace him at the steering oar, Sunny dismissed the Dawn Shard and went to find Nephis.

They ate in the shade of the sacred tree, enjoying the warm sunlight and the refreshing breeze. After a while, she asked:

"Aren't you going to rest?"

Sunny leaned back, satisfied, then shook his head.

"Not yet. I can go without sleep for a couple more days... there's a lot I want to achieve before we reach Fallen Grace."

He had to continue studying Ananke's Mantle, alter the spellweave of Dawn Shard, create Memories for Nightmare to consume... and more.

She frowned a little.

"Mental fatigue will slow you down. Your mind needs time to recover, too."

He smiled.

"I know. I have the Shroud of Graceless Dusk, remember? The same Dusk we are on our way to visit. It helps me recover from exhaustion, both physical and mental, faster. I'll be alright."

Time waited for no man, and there was no rest for the wicked. Sunny was not overestimating himself, he just knew exactly how much he could endure.

Nephis hesitated for a few moments, then nodded.

"Alright. Suit yourself."

He suddenly remembered something.

"Ah! After I am done with the Dawn Shard, I want you to teach me how to use the Sorcery of Names. I didn't want to split my focus before... but now I feel like it can help me advance faster in my own skills. Probably. Alright?"

She nodded again.

After finishing the breakfast, they used the esoteric navigation tools to make sure that the ship had not strayed off course. Then, Nephis took her place in the runic circle again, while Sunny sat on the deck a few meters away and continued studying the Crown of Dawn.

Several days passed in that manner. The two of them spend most of their time together, and some time apart. They resumed their sword training, involving Saint as well. The deck of the graceful ship was often filled with the sound of clashing steel.

When the two of them were not sparring, though... Sunny had a different task for the graceful knight.

Now that Fiend had grown into a proper Devil, it was time for him to learn combat mastery, too.

The steel Shadow's most fearsome weapons were his claws and teeth, so Sunny instructed Saint to teach him in hand-to-hand combat. Since she was a master of all types of combat, that did not stump her one bit.

...Hearing Fiend crash into the wooden deck over and over again, Sunny smiled from the corner of his mouth and continued weaving. Memories of his own painful training with Saint, all that time ago in the Dark City, made him feel a bit of compassion for the ravenous steel ogre.

Of course, the lucky bastard possessed the [Marvel] Attribute, which made him capable of learning new things at astonishing speed. Sunny was actually curious to see which of them would absorb Saint's lessons faster.

Granted, Sunny had learned combat mastery from her while hunting down lethal abominations in the Dark City in order to survive. Fiend, in comparison, had all his needs cared for by a kind, generous, and benevolent master.

Who wouldn't learn fast with such a benefactor?

Everything was peaceful for these first few days.

Then, they suffered the first attack.

**********


                                Chapter 1345 Monster Herders
--------------------
"You are wasting your time."

"You will definitely fail."

"Just give up. You know you're not smart enough to accomplish anything worthwhile."

"Do you really want to make the woman holding your leash stronger? How foul."

"Your collection of failures just keeps growing, huh?"

Ignoring the Sin of Solace, Sunny leaned against Ananke's ketch as he studied the Dawn Shard. His shadow hands continued to weave strings of essence. His concentration remained unbroken.

He even welcomed the derisive comments. The more the hateful wraith berated him, the more Sunny felt like he was on the right track. The Sin of Solace would not have bothered to interfere if there was no chance of success, after all - it was not in his nature to bet against Sunny when there were no stakes.

"What, you are ignoring me now? Or have you forgotten how to speak?"

Sunny threw a calm glance at the apparition, then turned back to the Crown of Dawn.

"We'll speak when you tell me how you knew about the Mad Prince."

The Sin of Solace scoffed.

"Gods. Why do I even bother? I am sick of this tired routine!"

He laughed bitterly, then added in a resigned tone:

"But there's nothing else to do. How boring."

The Chain Breaker was swaying gently underneath them. Saint was standing guard at the bow, Fiend and Nightmare were guarding the sacred tree, and Nephis was at the stern, steering the ship.

The seven suns had already descended into the depths of the Great River, and the deck was illuminated by a scattering of lanterns. The water glowed softly, diluting the impenetrable darkness of the night with ghostly opalescence.

Sunny smiled faintly.

"...Find a hobby."

The Sin of Solace stared at him, unamused. Then, he turned to the bow of the ship and sighed.

"At least there's spectacle."

Sunny paid it no attention.

"Uh-huh..."

Then, he hurriedly dismissed the Dawn Shard and jumped to his feet.

'Crap!'

Lunging forward, he felt the Chain Breaker shudder as a violent wave hit it from the side.

[Neph, we are under attack!]

Out there in front of the graceful ship, about a hundred meters away, the water had grown bleak and restless. A vast and ancient shadow was rising from the depths, surrounded by countless smaller ones. Twisting tendrils stretched toward the surface.

...

"Go. I'll handle things here."

Hearing Neph's response, Sunny ran past Saint...

And jumped over the railing without ever slowing down. A moment later, he plunged into the cold water, rushing to meet the horror that was rising from the depths.

It was there, a massive shape that stretched its giant tentacles toward the moving vessel. Enormous, ancient, and harrowing... Sunny felt hundreds of eyes pierce him with an inhuman gaze, all belonging to the same creature.

'A Tyrant?'

Sunny's figure grew indistinct, surrounded by countless shadows.

Then, the maw of a furious sea serpent emerged from the darkness, bellowing in rage as it shot into the boiling depths. The long serpentine body followed, encased in onyx armor.

The Great River stirred.

Some time later, Sunny climbed onto the deck of the Chain Breaker and huffed, red drops falling from his hair. He was drenched in blood... of course, that blood was not his.

There was a sizable sack in his hands. That sack was actually Ananke's Mantle - which was resistant to water - its sleeves tied in a knot.

Inside the improvised sack, two sizable Transcendent soul shards glimmered softly in the dark.

Sunny checked on them, then looked around the deck.

'Why did I even wash it? I mean... why did I even have Fiend wash it?'

The deck was littered with corpses. The creatures that had died here - cut, torn apart, and burned to ashes - resembled a weird mix between humans and sea creatures. They had humanoid torsos with pale skin, while their legs were replaced by long, powerful black tentacles. Their bodies were emaciated, with ghastly growths covering them like barnacles.

The sight was both repulsive and inspiring.

'Saint, Fiend, and Nightmare earned me a few shadow fragments. Even better, there are plenty of soul shards to be harvested in addition to the ones I brought back.'

The depth dweller he had killed was not a Tyrant, in the end. It was just a huge, nasty Corrupted Monster... it seemed that these Drowned Outcasts were not its minions. Instead, the smaller creatures appeared to have herded the enormous monstrosity, using it to attack larger prey.

'Waste of essence.'

If Sunny knew that in advance, he would have used the Nimble Catch and the Sin of Solace to cut the depth dweller down.

He froze for a moment, suddenly stunned by how odd the situation was.

'...Wait, since when am I so dismissive of Corrupted Monsters? That thing could have easily finished me if I wasn't careful. Damn it. Am I becoming arrogant? Arrogance gets people killed.'

Sunny was strong and skilled, but he wasn't invulnerable. Even though he could easily slaughter dozens of Fallen abominations or face Corrupted ones without fear, each of them could very well end his life with one strike... maybe two, considering the defensive properties of the Marble Shell.

'I better correct this attitude, fast.'

"Oh my. What a rare moment of self-reflection. You should correct the rest of your nasty personality, while you're at it. Maybe then people won't find you as uncomfortable to be around as they do now."

Looking up darkly, Sunny saw the sword wrath staring at him with disdain. The Sin of Solace was still as annoying as he had been before the attack.

Nothing much changed, honestly.

If there was one thing, though...

It was that Sunny had plenty of soul shards to turn into Memories now.

Standing up and summoning his clothes back, he looked around and noticed Fiend. The fearsome devil... seemed to be hiding from him behind the tree.

Sunny smiled.

"Come here, buddy."

Fiend hesitated for a few moments, then reluctantly walked over.

Sunny pointed to the gruesome corpses.

"Harvest the soul shards, then clean this mess up."

The devil's shoulders fell.

Sunny patted Fiend on one of these shoulders... well, he wanted to, but the bastard was too tall to do it comfortably. Plus, his body was covered in all kinds of sharp spikes. So, in the end, the gesture ended up being rather... reserved.

"Oh, and you can eat all these guys. Stuff yourself as much as you want! Now that your primary Attributes are set, you don't need to maintain a diet anymore..."

Ravenous sparks ignited in the depths of Fiend's fiery eyes.

**********


                                Chapter 1346 Faltering Star
--------------------
Fiend feasted on the corpses of the Drowned Outcasts with delight. The sight of the metallic devil gorging himself on the dead abominations was a bit gruesome, but mercifully swift. The bodies disappeared into the Shadow's incinerating maw as if they had never existed... before too long, the deck was clear once again.

'Where does all this meat even go...'

This time, the infernal ogre had not gained any new Attributes or Abilities. Which was an expected result - if the Scavengers were capable of attaining new powers from each creature they devoured, Sunny would have never survived the battle with the original Ravenous Fiend. It had to be a rare occurrence, especially now that the Shadow's main Attributes were set. It did seem like he had grown a little bit stronger, though, just as the other Shadows did when absorbing a fragment.

Throwing a dubious glance at the satisfied devil, Sunny shook his head and commanded the glutton to go find a mop.

While Fiend was washing the blood off the deck, Sunny and Nephis briefly examined the ship and then gathered at the stern to divide the soul shards.

"Let's just each take half."

He looked at the small pile of shimmering crystals, calmly thinking about how to use them best. All of the shards were Transcendent... considering how nonchalant he was about this unimaginable treasure trove, remembering the awe they had felt when witnessing a pair of Transcendent soul shards back on the Forgotten Shore felt both amusing and nostalgic.

Nephis simply shook her head.

"I'll take a quarter. Your Shadows killed twice as many as I did, while you dealt with the depth dweller. That should be fair."

Sunny glanced at her, hesitating. She was right... out of the two of them, he had contributed much more to the victory. That only went to show how powerful he had grown, armed with a developed Aspect Legacy and three powerful Shadows. It also meant that Nephis needed to catch up as soon as possible.

And yet...

Three quarters of their spoils amounted to seventeen Transcendent soul shards. If made into a Memory and fed to Nightmare, each would give him four shadow fragments. That meant that the black stallion would be most of the way to Ascension by the time Sunny finished weaving all these Memories.

While Nephis was still far away from becoming a Titan. Strategically, strengthening Nightmare first made more sense.

Sunny nodded.

"Alright."

Illuminated by the soft glimmer of the soul shards, Neph's face seemed even more reserved than usual. Was she pondering the matter of her faltering progress, as well?

With a sigh, Nephis took her share of the soul shards and methodically crushed them one after another, absorbing the streams of ethereal light. Then, she rose and said, her tone flat:

"We've wasted enough time here already. I'll go back to the steering oar."

He watched her walk into the runic circle with a complicated expression.

'Is she still feeling uncertain of herself after the Second Nightmare? She has been... strangely mild ever since coming back. Selfishly, I like this Nephis more. But...'

But he also missed the version of Nephis that was like an uncompromising flame. A flame that burned with enough passion and unreasonable resolve to burn down the entire world.

Sunny shook his head slightly and gathered the rest of the soul shards.

'She is still the same. When the time comes, she'll burn brighter than the seven suns combined... I just hope that I won't be burned with the rest of this cursed tomb when that happens.'

Not entirely convinced, he stored the shards in the Covetous Coffer and went back to peering into the complexities of spellweaves.

The Chain Breaker continued sailing downstream. In the next week, it was attacked several more times - for better or worse, by solitary Nightmare Creatures instead of groups like the Drowned Outcasts had been.

Sunny and Nephis dealt with the grotesque depth dwellers with some effort... but not too much effort. Apart from a few shallow wounds, the biggest hurdle they faced was removing the corpse of an especially large creature from the ram of the ship, which had impaled the abomination after a purposeful and violent collision.

None of the Nightmare Creatures were as powerful as the harrowing foes they had faced in the far reaches of the future. On the positive side, Sunny and Nephis were alive. On the negative side, they had not been able to salvage as many soul shards as they had after the first attack.

Sunny didn't really mind. His time was divided between studying the weave of Ananke's Mantle and concocting a tentative plan for altering the Dawn Shard. At the same time, he was creating Memories from the shards in his possession - that last task was moving along slowly, since it took him roughly a whole day to weave one.

That pace was only possible because his reserves of essence were fully restored each dawn and dusk thanks to the Crown of Twilight. Still, by the end of the week, Nightmare had absorbed twenty-eight shadow fragments, bringing the counter to [229/300].

Sunny still had enough soul shards to create ten rudimentary Transcendent Memories, each equivalent to four fragments. If nothing went wrong, the counter would reach [269/300] in ten days. His loyal steed's Ascension was drawing close.

By the end of the week, he felt ready to attempt modifying the Dawn Shard. However, because of how important that endeavor was to the conquest of the Third Nightmare, Sunny decided to go over everything he had learned and envisioned a few more times.

Putting the Crown of Dawn away and dismissing the shadow hands, he leaned against the side of the ketch and closed his eyes.

'I've created a sufficient length of essence thread. I've studied the spellweave of the Dawn Shard extensively. I compared the structure of the pattern surrounding the nexus with all the other Memories I possess. I've grown accustomed to weaving with six hands...'

He spent two days meditating on his plans and mentally going over everything that could go wrong.

...Finally, just before dawn of the third day, Sunny opened his eyes and manifested four shadow arms once again.

'It's time to begin.'

**********


                                Chapter 1347 Trial of Skill
--------------------
The hypnotizing tapestry of the spellweave stretched in the darkness in front of him. Countless threads of ethereal light intertwined in a beautiful, but seemingly chaotic pattern, centered around a radiant nexus.

There had been a time when these patterns were a complete mystery to Sunny. But although they still remained mystifying and nebulous, he could discern an elegant underlying structure to their dazzling, dizzying arrays now.

He could also feel the purpose of various elements of the weave more clearly.

The spellweave of the Dawn Shard was not the most complex he had ever seen... but it was more complex than most. Even after isolating the rudimentary enchantments that all Memories possessed and the special properties shared by Shard Memories, the remaining expanse of ethereal strings was byzantine and daunting.

Luckily, his goal was not to recreate the weave from scratch. He also did not intend to alter its function... only its capacity and resilience.

As well as transplanting a new, much more potent nexus than the existing one.

With a sigh, Sunny summoned the Covetous Coffer and produced a large, shining crystal from within it. When put together, the band of bright metal and the Supreme soul shard he had harvested from the guts of the Black Turtle looked comical - the soul shard was much larger than the Crown of Dawn, yet it was supposed to become encompassed by it.

But that was not an obstacle. Weaves did not exist in the physical sense, anyway. Just like souls, they inhabited an entirely different plane of existence.

Sunny pulled on the invisible thread of shadow essence. At the same time, a needle that shone with a faint golden glow appeared in one of his hands.

He took a deep breath.

'Steady...'

The process had to be steady. But it couldn't be slow - Sunny would have to remove the original nexus first before transplanting a new one. The moment it was removed, the weave was going to start falling apart. So, he had to tie as many of the most important threads back, fast, and then bring the rest back even faster.

He had spent years learning sorcery and two weeks restlessly preparing for this moment... but the outcome was going to be decided in less than ten minutes. If Sunny succeeded, the cohort would acquire a powerful tool to help them survive the Nightmare. If he failed...

The Dawn Shard would be destroyed, and he would have to explain himself to one hell of an angry Changing Star.

'She probably won't kill me... right? But just in case, I'd better not fail.'

"Of course you will. When have you ever not failed?"

The Sin of Solace was observing the process with a disdainful expression. Sunny was concentrating on the task so much that he had lowered his guard... as a result, the hurtful remark actually cut, for once.

Well, to be honest, they always cut a little. But this time, he felt bitter anger swell in his chest.

'Calm down!'

Throwing a dark look at the grinning apparition, Sunny wrapped all five shadows around himself and summoned the Crown of Twilight.

...As the first ray of sunshine burst from the horizon, he took a deep breath, and thrust one of his shadow hands into the ethereal tapestry of the spellweave. His clawed fingers wrapped themselves around the shining nexus... and then crushed it, destroying the anchor of the countless threads.

'I wonder how anyone could have been a weaver before me...'

Sunny was more or less certain that the very ability to not only see, but also touch the ethereal strings was granted to him by Bone Weave. His eyes had been altered by consuming a drop of Weaver's blood, while his fingers had been altered by swallowing the alabaster phalanx of the Demon of Fate. On the surface, the alteration simply made them more sensitive...

But he felt that it went much deeper than that.

Who knew? Maybe he would be able to caress the strings of fate itself one day...

Before the radiant weave could fully fall apart, his other hand placed the Supreme soul shard in its center. The one that had crushed the original nexus was already retreating, catching the most important thread as it did. Three more hands flashed forward, doing the same.

The last hand - his left human hand - was the most important, since it held Weaver's needle. All the rest were meant to stall the deterioration of the weave, but it was meant to actually mend the damage.

Threading the first ethereal string into the radiant needle, Sunny connected it to the nexus. Then, another... and another...

'Faster!'

Five of his hands danced, manipulating the dying weave into following their will. Holding it from crumbling and pulling it back from the verge of collapse. At the precise moment when the new nexus became connected to enough strings to hold it in place, the sixth joined them.

'...What madness made me think that having only five fingers is enough?! Damnation! I should have learned to have more!'

Time seemed to have slowed down. Sunny felt the same rush of adrenaline he did during furious battles - his perception subtly changed, turning the world stark and clear. Golden sparks glimmered in the depths of his dark eyes.

For a few moments, everything was in a fragile balance. One wrong move, one slightest mistake, and the weave would have reached the point of no return. But Sunny did not make any mistakes. He performed every movement flawlessly, focused to such a degree that all his senses except sight and the tactile feeling of intangible threads sliding through his fingers disappeared.

Finally, after something that felt both like a second and an eternity, that moment of fragility passed. The main structure of the weave had been connected to the new nexus, ensuring its stability.

'Good...'

As Sunny's hands continued to tie the few last threads to the shining ember, his mind already wandered to the next task.

The first step of the alteration had been completed, but the result was still uncertain. The next stage was going to decide whether he would succeed or not - and while it gave him more leeway, it was no less difficult.

**********


                                Chapter 1348 Sorcerer Supreme
--------------------
Now that a Supreme soul shard replaced the original nexus of the spellweave, the powerful energy contained within it flowed into the radiant tapestry. The ethereal threads shone much brighter, reinforced by their own enchantment. Most of them held... but some of the more delicate patterns started to glow too intensely, as if a moment away from catching on fire and dissipating into blinding light.

He had to reinforce these sections of the weave, and do it in a way that did not contradict the intricate patterns.

Threading a string of shadow essence into Weaver's Needle, he held himself back from hurrying too much, and started to weave new patterns - these ones black and lightless - on top and through the radiant ones.

The needle worked in the most pressing areas of the weave, while his other hands tackled less critical points. No matter how nimble his fingers were, he still couldn't weave as fast without a proper tool - the reverse effect of his unique ability to touch the ethereal strings was that they were sharper than any sword could ever be, and were thus capable of cutting his flesh without any effort.

Losing a finger was as easy as applying the slightly wrong amount of pressure or missing the mark by a hair's breadth.

That said... while his own fingers were indispensable, those of the shadow hands could be easily sacrificed. They weren't just as responsive as the real ones, but the fact that one or two could be lost with no consequence made up for the fact.

'Ouch.'

No matter how careful Sunny was, the dire need to move fast was bound to cause him some pain. A thin cut appeared on his right thumb, swelling with blood. Luckily, no drop of it fell into the weave to disturb its delicate equilibrium - his blood was tenacious, after all, and knew how to stay inside his body. Most of the time.

The shadow hands were faring worse. By the time Sunny put out the most dangerous fires, they were utterly shredded. He was barely keeping the wounded shadows from dissipating back into intangible forms, and had even been forced to dismiss one of the arms and create an entirely new one on the fly.

Nevertheless... it felt like he was past the most dangerous part.

A shaky breath escaped from Sunny's lips, and a drop of sweat fell from his forehead onto the wooden deck.

Without allowing himself to relax, he froze for a split second, gazing at the entirety of the weave.

'The nexus is holding. There and there... the shadow strings are lessening the burden on the original ones just as planned... that area is a bit frayed, I need to reinforce it more... no, not more, better... those areas, though, looked fine at the start, but are starting to worry me now...'

Calming his wildly beating heart, he resumed his work. Now, Sunny moved at a less breakneck pace, but was more methodical in his approach.

'Good, good... it's all coming together.'

It was a wonderful feeling. The collapsing weave had struggled against his attempts to save it at first, to the point that he felt like three critical problems appeared for each one he fixed. The more he repaired and reinforced it, though, the more it felt like the weave was assisting him.

The ethereal tapestry was starting to look elegant once again. The radiant threads and the lightless ones intertwined in a beautiful harmony. Both were being strengthened by the enchantment of the Dawn Shard and strengthening each other at the same time.

A feeling of wondrous harmony permeated the intricate spellweave. Its nexus was replaced, and its pattern was invaded by countless new threads, all of them dark and ghostly. But, nevertheless, it was resembling... a different, but natural version of itself, more and more.

...Continuing his meticulous work, Sunny threw a brief glance at the Sin of Solace.

"Hey, you."

The sword wraith raised an eyebrow.

"Hey yourself, fool."

Sunny was already looking back at the weave, concentrating on finishing the alteration, but the corner of his mouth rose in a small, vindictive smile.

"Go drown yourself in the river, you insufferable wretch. Weren't you endlessly going on about how I would inevitably fail? Well, did I? Who's the fool now, huh?!"

At that moment, he grinned and abruptly lowered all six of his hands, then froze, staring intently at the bond of bright metal laying on the deck in front of him.

His work was done. The alteration had been finished.

Sunny took a deep breath...

And as he did, the Spell whispered into his ear:

[Your Memory has been destroyed.]

His eyes widened.

His hands twitched.

'Ho...'

Before the shock could even register in his mind, the Spell spoke once more:

[You have received a Supreme Memory, Crown of Dawn.]

'...w?!'

Sunny remained frozen for a few moments, then slumped against the side of the ketch. An infuriating growl escaped from his lips:

"What?! What the hell was that?! Are you trying to give me a heart attack, you damned Spell?! Think before you speak, damn it!"

...The Spell did not answer.

Perhaps for the better.

After calming down a little, Sunny dismissed the shadow arms and picked up the Crown of Dawn from the deck. His hands were trembling slightly.

The eastern horizon was already painted lilac by the rising suns.

Looking at the Memory he had altered with burning eyes, he lingered for a while, and then said tiredly:

"So, your name actually changed to the Crown of Dawn. Ah... how fitting."

Before, that had simply been what they called the Dawn Shard, the Shard Memory of the first Lord of the Bright Castle. But it seemed that the Spell decided that the alteration he had performed was significant enough to warrant a new name for the newly elevated Memory.

Was he mistaken, or had the single gemstone adorning the austere band of metal become brighter?

Enjoying the view of the bright gem, Sunny inhaled deeply and summoned the runes.

...The runes read:

Memory: Crown of Dawn.

Memory Rank: Supreme.

**********


                                Chapter 1349 Crowning Achievement
--------------------
Sunny remained motionless for a while, looking at the string of shimmering runes. A sense of profound relief and exhilaration washed over him. He suddenly felt refreshed and invigorated, as if his fatigue had receded a little, his mind clearing. …No, not suddenly. Touching the smooth silk of the Shroud of Dusk, Sunny belatedly realized that it was already being augmented by the passive enchantment of the empowered Crown of Dawn. 'It's working.'

He closed his eyes for a moment, then took a look at the rest of the runes describing the band of bright metal. They were the same as before — only the Rank of the Memory had changed.

Sunny had expected that. In fact, anything else would have been a cause for concern. The goal of the alteration was to strengthen the existing enchantment, after all, not change it.

The Crown of Dawn would still be able to enhance all Memories in a large area around it, with no limit to their number. It was just that the augmentation it provided had become much more potent. Most miraculous of all, that enchantment somehow remained a passive one.

His eyes gleamed darkly.

'I think…'

Armed with that power, the cohort would be able to challenge enemies far beyond their own level of prowess. Which meant that they would have a much higher chance of conquering the Nightmare and returning to the waking world alive. Just like they had conquered the Forgotten Shore and returned from its unforgiving expanse alive. He smiled, then dismissed the Crown of Dawn and rose. Heading to the stern of the ship, Sunny tried to contain his emotions. His face remained neutral, with only a faint smile playing on his lips.

Soon, he saw Nephis. She threw a glance at him with the same calm expression she usually wore, then asked evenly:

"What was the shouting about?"

Sunny stumbled. 'Right… I did curse the Spell out, didn't I?'

In hindsight, that was probably not wise. He wouldn't put it past the damn thing to know how to hold a grudge… the descriptions it made of him were already vaguely snide, so Sunny shuddered at the thought of what the next one was going to say.

'Whatever. That will happen later… right now, though…'

Walking over to Nephis, he shrugged. "Oh, it's nothing really. I just got a bit emotional and let the Spell have it. Why, have you never yelled at the Spell?

She stared at him dubiously. "...Can't say that I have."

Sunny coughed. "Well, anyway. Give me your hand."

Without waiting for permission, he grabbed it, lingered for a moment, and sent the Crown of Dawn from his soul into hers. Nephis turned her head slightly and stared into the distance — or rather, it seemed like she did. In truth, she must have been reading the runes. "Oh. It's name has changed…"

Then, she suddenly froze. Sunny studied her face with rapt attention, registering every minute change. Sadly, Changing Star was not the kind of person to openly show emotions… nevertheless, he noticed her pupils widening slightly, white sparks igniting in their depths. "...huh?"

He laughed. "You finally noticed its Rank, didn't you? Well, well, well… no need to praise me too much! I just took the soul shard we scavenged from inside the Black Turtle and transplanted it into the Dawn Shard, strengthening the weave of its enchantment to withstand the burden of channeling supreme power in the process. That's all."

Sunny looked down modestly. "I am totally not a peerless genius among peerless geniuses. You absolutely don't need to worship the ground I walk on… there's no ground in the Tomb of Ariel, anyway…"

Nephis suddenly gripped his hand tightly and pierced him with a burning gaze. "Sunny… you… you can elevate Memories to higher Ranks now?"

He smiled, enjoying the intensity of her reaction. However, his smile dimmed a little bit the next moment.

"Well… yes. But also no."

Sunny sighed. "The case of the Crown of Dawn is unique, because it possesses an enchantment that enhances itself. That is why I was able to outfit it with a Supreme soul shard and elevate its power by two whole Ranks. For other Memories… I doubt that they'll endure such a significant alteration. Elevating them by one Rank, though? That should be possible for some, I think, if time-consuming."

Nephis stared at him in silence. He hesitated for a few moments, then said in a somewhat stifled tone:

"But, Neph… uh..."

She raised an eyebrow slightly. "Yes?"

Sunny coughed. "Can you let go of my hand? You're sort of crushing it…"

Nephis looked down, blinked a couple of times, then hurriedly released her grip.

"Oh!"

Sunny shook his hand in the air. It didn't really hurt, but he had suddenly become painfully aware of how close they were standing. His face felt hot.

Letting out an awkward chuckle, he shook his head and pointed to her head. "Now, summon that thing. I came here right away, so I don't even know how powerful exactly it had become."

Nephis nodded, and a whirlwind of radiant sparks appeared around her. Soon, a band of bright metal manifested itself from thin air, its single gem glistening in the light of the rising suns. 'Let's do this…'

For the next half an hour, Sunny and Nephis were engrossed in testing the effects of the Crown of Dawn on their Memories. The results went beyond his wildest imagination. Sunny had thought that his makeshift alteration would cause a loss of potential, resulting in a Memory that was a Supreme one in name, but not in power. And there was some loss, inevitably… but so little that it could almost be disregarded. Before, the Dawn Shard had been capable of elevating the power of Awakened Memories to resemble that of Ascended ones. It had also been capable of providing a significant boost to Ascended Memories, and a slight one to Transcendent ones. The meaning of "power" in this context was an elusive one. The augmentation did not only empower the enchantments of the enhanced Memories, but also the quality of the Memories themselves. Swords would become sharper, armor would become more durable… There was also something else at play — the intangible, mystical quality that made magical materials different from the mundane ones was enhanced, as well, which was why the Dreamers of the Dark City had been able to harm and slay enemies of higher Ranks with their Awakened weapons.

The Crown of Dawn functioned in a similar fashion to its predecessor. However, it's augmentation was much more powerful. An average Awakened weapon was elevated to the level of a peak Ascended one, while the most powerful Awakened weapons could almost reach the realm of Transcendence. Ascended Memories were elevated to the level of Transcendent ones. While Transcendent Memories…

Sunny grew still, peering into the depths of the Sin of Solace. Under his gaze, the weave of the jade jian shone with blinding brilliance. 'It's not that different from the Crown of Twilight. It is like a Supreme weapon…'

He threw a glance at the silent apparition that stood a few steps away, wearing a somber expression… and suddenly felt a pang of apprehension. Dismissing the Sin of Solace, Sunny hesitated for a few moments, then finally took the Crown of Twilight off his head and studied it. It was benefiting from being in the presence of the Crown of Dawn, as well. The boost was not as striking as it was for the Memories of lesser Ranks, but still tangible. Nephis, meanwhile, was holding her longsword with a hard-to-read expression.

Suddenly, though, her beautiful face was illuminated by a radiant smile. "Sunny… this is amazing! With this, we can…"

She stumbled over her words, not knowing what to say. …Enjoying the rare sight of her smiling brightly, he nodded and looked in the direction where the current was pulling them.

His own smile grew a little cold. "Yes."

Sunny gritted his teeth.

"We can slaughter them all."

The winds filled the sails of the Chain Breaker, pushing it forward.

The past awaited.

**********


                                Chapter 1350 Familiar Pattern
--------------------
By the time Sunny had finished the alteration of the Dawn Shard, they were not that far away from Fallen Grace. Neither he nor Nephis knew the exact distance they had to traverse to find the last city of the sybils, but the navigation tools Ananke had left them pointed to its approach. Fallen Grace was situated in the western reaches of the Great River, where the sky was almost always painted crimson by the setting sun. As the Chain Breaker sailed deeper into the past, it was also leaving behind the pure light of day.

Gradually, the color of the sky above their heads changed. From vibrant azure to breathtaking magenta, and finally to the bloodred blaze of perpetual sunset.

It was like sailing into a sea of blood. Sunny stared at the burning sky, awed by its fiery beauty… and its ominous dread.

'That's… not concerning at all.'

Why would the sybils build one of their cities in such a darkly beautiful, but sinister place? Surely, living in the warm sunlight of the central region of the Great River would have been much more pleasant. Shaking his head, he returned to the shade of the sacred tree and sat down, resting his back against its white bark. He had just finished weaving another Memory for Nightmare, and was not in the mood to start on the next one just yet. His study of the spellweave of Ananke's Mantle had also been producing fewer and fewer results. It would never stop being useful to him as a learning tool, but Sunny felt like he was nearing a dead end. He would need to gain more skill as a weaver before looking to the nebulous mantle for more lessons. So, what else was there to do?

Feeling restless, he summoned the Estuary Key out of habit. Staring into the weave of the mysterious Memory had become like a ritual by now. Even though Sunny could not understand anything about it, the process itself was calming. However… he had not taken a glance at the Key since before attempting the alteration of the Crown of Dawn. Who knew? Maybe passing such an important milestone on his path to becoming a proper sorcerer would change something… "Are you playing with our favorite toy again? Why don't you toss it overboard and be done with it?"

The sword wraith stared at him disdainfully from the shadows of the tree. Not paying the apparition any attention, Sunny held up the jagged black stone and peered into its weathered surface. The inconceivable weave of ghostly strings was as unattainable as ever. He studied its dark tapestry, following the twists and turns of the black threads… like he had done a hundred times before. 'What a disappointment… I still can't even start to unravel its mysteries.'

Among all the odd things Sunny had seen and faced in the Nightmare, the Estuary Key was perhaps the most bizarre. He still had no idea how this Supreme Memory of the Sixth Tier had ended up in his Soul Sea, or what it was supposed to do. …However, after spending countless hours staring at the staggering weave of ghostly strings, he had gained a vague, tentative feeling about it.

Sunny was mostly confident that the single, passive enchantment of the Estuary Key had two distinct effects. He did not know what these effects were, but felt that one was directed outward, while the other was directed inward, affecting the black stone itself… in some manner. The latter was also much more vast and potent than the former. It was unusual that a Memory of the Sixth Tier only possessed a single enchantment — since it did, that enchantment had to be a powerful one. And most of that power went into ensuring the function of the inward effect.

'Maybe that's why I wasn't able to discern what exactly the enchantment does. It's only affecting the Estuary Key itself.'

Perhaps it was an enchantment that teleported the strange Memory into the souls of unsuspecting Awakened without their consent?

As Sunny was feeling amused with this theory…

His gaze suddenly caught on a minuscule part of the inconceivable weave. The lightless tapestry was vast enough that he might have never seen it before… or if he had, Sunny had not paid it any attention. But now, he froze, staring at the inconspicuous pattern.

'What… what the hell is that?'

The pattern… looked familiar. Sunny had definitely seen it before, somewhere else. Recently.

Which was not that strange in and of itself — the Estuary Key was a Memory, after all, and as such, it shared many small parts of its weave with all other Memories — the patterns that created the rudimentary enchantments like the ability to be summoned and dismissed, repair itself, and so on. However, Sunny knew these patterns by heart. He had woven them from scratch many times, after all. And this one… this one was not one of them. 'Where have I seen it?'

The complicated array of ghostly strings had a certain unique structure to it, which was different from the rest of the spellweave. He recognized its nature after a moment of contemplation — patterns like these were rare, but present in every Memory. It was how runes were expressed through essence strings. Both the runic sorcery and shaping were based on True Names — one etching them through a written language, the other invoking them directly. However, weaving was different. It did not rely on words to create enchantments. That said, there was still a place for words in a spellweave, and therefore for the runes inscribing them. These runes, translated from the corresponding string patterns, expressed the name of the Memory, its description, and the True Name of its master — if the master possessed one.

The problem was… that Sunny had long identified the patterns that inscribed the name and description of the Estuary Key, as well as his own True Name. And this particular pattern had nothing to do with them.

Why were there additional runes hidden in the weave of the black stone?

And why did the pattern of essence strings describing these runes look so familiar?

Sunny leaned forward with a frown and concentrated, trying to decipher the meaning of the pattern. It was not at all difficult… in fact, it was even easier than usual, as if he had read this exact pattern of essence strings many times before. His pupils narrowed. "Sin… of…"

Sunny suddenly straightened, a cold shiver running down his spine. Standing in the shadows, the apparition yawned and covered his mouth with a hand.

"What's the matter?"

'...Solace.'

The Sin of Solace. Written in ghostly strings, the name of his cursed sword — and the sword wraith born from its curse — was meticulously woven into the enchantment of the Estuary Key.

**********

