Shadow Slave - PART 139
Chapters 1381 to 1390
==============================


                                Chapter 1381 Cleaning Up
--------------------
As soon as the sybil fell, it was as though an invisible ripple spread through the darkness of the flooded temple. Sunny did not see anything, nor did he sense the change... but the gnawing feeling of something being subtly wrong with the world was suddenly gone, allowing him to breathe freely.

'Cassie... killed her?'

Stunned, he froze for a split second. The grotesque body of the Defiled plunged into the water and disappeared beneath its dark surface. Sunny had no doubt that the creature would emerge from the restless depths to deliver its furious retribution the next moment... but the moment passed, and it had not.

The glossy black surface remained unbroken.

'She... did.'

Sunny was momentarily astounded. Yes, Nephis had chosen Cassie to face the sybil - but not to slay her. The blind girl had been meant to occupy the Defiled until one or both of them finished wiping out their share of enemies and reached the dais.

When had Cassie become so strong?

Although the sybil had been a Nightmare Creature who relied on her unholy powers more than on her physical might, a Corrupted Tyrant was still a Corrupted Tyrant. Killing an abomination like that was no small feat - quite the opposite, actually - let alone doing it in one strike. How many Masters were there who could boast the same? Were there any, even?

And yet, Cassie had not only killed her but had also made it look effortless.

Sunny frowned, feeling a strange mix of unease and elation. Had she always been that lethal, or was it the result of the year she spent alone in the Third Nightmare?

He suddenly felt a hint of discomfort. It was as though... as though he did not know one of his closest companions nearly as well as he had thought.

Sunny quickly recovered from his brief reverie, though. The battle was still not over, and albeit victory was within grasp, all that separated him from death was one mistake.

Well... maybe one mistake and a half, thanks to Weaver's forbidden lineage and the Marble Shell.

Generously burning his nearly inexhaustible essence, he used the Crown of Twilight to call upon the water once again, and lunged at the next enemy.

The moment Sunny faced the powerful demon, he knew that the tide had changed. The Drowned were still just as powerful, sinister, and deadly... but the oppressive burden of the shifting future was gone. It had disappeared as soon as Cassie's rapier pierced the sybil's neck, ending her tyranny.

'Now we're talking...'

He forced himself to remain focused, refusing to relax... right, what madness was this? What kind of fool would relax when facing a swarm of Corrupted Demons? Even without the Defiled oracle, they were enough to slaughter a score of Masters.

These creatures were different from the usual minions Tyrants controlled, too. It was as Cassie had said... the Drowned were sentient and chose whom to serve, as opposed to being forced into servitude. Usually, Tyrants could only control minions of a lesser Rank, but since the Drowned had followed the Defiled sybil voluntarily, that rule was broken in the flooded temple.

'Don't get arrogant.'

The haughty shadow already had enough arrogance to outshine ten vainglorious fools. Sunny really did not want to end up dead by following its example.

Stepping on water, he deflected a harpoon flying at him from the darkness with enough speed and force to put a projectile shot from a siege engine to shame. Then, Sunny shifted his weight and lashed out with the Sin of Solace, cleanly decapitating the nearest Drowned Warrior.

It felt different. Finally, he was once again in full control of both his actions and their outcomes. The confidence that Sunny had almost lost returned. Grinning behind the fearsome mask, he listened to the Spell whispering into his ear and disappeared into the shadows.

A moment later, a mass of black tentacles enveloped the empty space where he had been standing. Sunny, however, was already somewhere else, his jade sword reaping another life.

Not too far from him, Saint continued her silent slaughter. With nothing holding her back anymore, the graceful knight had turned even more lethal. Unlike Sunny and Fiend, she could not move through shadows, which put her at a dire risk of being surrounded - the Drowned were not much weaker than the taciturn Shadow, so being caught by their tentacles could very well mean the end of her.

However, Saint was too skilled and calculating to allow herself to be immobilized. She was a battle master, after all, which meant that any battlefield was her domain. Moving with deadly grace and murderous foresight, she controlled not just her sword, but also the very space around her. Everything that entered it was at her mercy.

Fiend, meanwhile, was wreaking havoc among the Drowned. The dull black silver of his metal body seemed to radiate heat, and surrounded by boiling vapor, the furious Shadow sliced through the abominations with his incinerating claws. The white radiance burning in his eyes and maw was tinted crimson by the flowing blood of his enemies.

The infernal ogre seemed to be enjoying himself quite a bit. This was his first battle after reaching maturity, and so, he was basking in his ferocious strength and his newly learned battle techniques. He also seemed very happy at the opportunity to show off in front of Saint.

...Not to mention that every abomination he killed was bound to become his dinner soon. Unlike everyone else in the flooded hall, Fiend was on cloud nine and living his best life.

The Echo of the sybil was gruesomely slaughtering the Drowned, followed by the damaged steel mannequin. The two of them were much less expressive than Sunny's Shadows, but also pulling their own weight.

Of course, all of them were having a much easier time of fighting the swarm of Corrupted Demons because their enemies were weakened by the dreadful powers of Nightmare.

The dark destrier was shrouded in darkness and terror, moving across the flooded hall as swiftly as a shadow. His adamantine fangs, horns, and hooves had broken and mutilated many abominations already, but judging by the menacing crimson glow of his eyes, the stallion's fury was nowhere near being satiated.

The battle was still perilous and dire...

But its outcome seemed more and more certain with every moment.

**********


                                Chapter 1382 Long Time Coming
--------------------
The breaking point of the battle happened when the massive body of the depth dweller finally collapsed into the boiling water. Many of the monstrous creature's limbs had been severed, its mantle of rotting seaweed had been devoured by flame, and the slithering mass of eels comprising its gaunt body had been charred, sliced open, and pierced through.

After a long and arduous fight, Nephis had finally killed the abominable giant.

By then, Sunny and his Shadows already sensed that the Drowned were wavering. Once Neph joined the fight against the demons, the scales swung in favor of the cohort drastically, and before too long, the last of the sinister creatures was slain.

Suddenly and without warning, the dark expanse of the flooded hall turned silent. The only thing Sunny could hear was the sound of water streaming through the cracks in the ceiling.

He looked up.

'This place is not going to collapse, is it?'

But then, suddenly, there was another sound. A ghastly, repulsive squelching of flesh being torn...

Spinning around, Sunny raised the Sin of Solace and prepared himself for the worst. But what he saw made his eyes narrow...

Having already climbed on top of the dead depth dweller, Fiend was enthusiastically tearing into the creature's repugnant flesh with his fangs. Feeling Sunny's gaze on him, the ogre looked up in confusion, as if trying to ask:

What?

Pieces of disgusting, fleshy meat were still hanging from his maw.

'T-this... this bastard! He almost gave me a heart attack!'

Not receiving an answer, the steel devil shrugged and continued ravenously devouring the dead abomination. He was practically beaming with delight.

Sunny let out a long sigh.

'Well, whatever. The rascal deserves a reward.'

He was very satisfied with how Fiend had performed in the battle. It seemed that Sunny's efforts were paying off - the decision to only feed the gluttonous Shadow enchanted metals until his primary Attributes were set had turned him not only extremely durable but also effortlessly lethal.

It was as though Fiend was made from both armor plates and steel blades, with infernal flames enhancing both the former and the latter. The steel ogre did not even need to use weapons, because he was a living weapon himself.

'...He's so gluttonous, though.'

At this point, Sunny was really not sure how much Fiend was going to have to eat to evolve once again. It was probably going to take veritable mountains of food. On the bright side, they never found themselves lacking terrible Nightmare Creatures to kill, so at least there was no risk of running short on meals.

'Yeah... I'm not sure that it's something to be happy about.'

Sunny studied his other two Shadows and dismissed Nightmare after a moment of thought. Although his dreadful steed was not wounded seriously, there were some wounds on his sable coat. It was better to let the black stallion heal now that there were not supposed to be any more enemies around.

At the same time, the two Echoes dissolved into a whirlwind of sparks - half of them white, half of them scarlet. The sybil seemed fine, but the blade mannequin was seriously damaged. It would be some time before Cassie would be able to summon the artificial swordsman again.

Sunny lingered a bit, then dismissed Weaver's Mask and took a deep breath. The stale air of the underground hall was pleasantly cool on his skin. He enjoyed it for a moment and headed for the raised dais.

Not long after, the three Masters were reunited on its slightly tilted surface.

Nephis looked perfectly fine... well, of course she did. Any wound she had received would have been healed by the white flames long ago. In fact, that was one of the most frightening things about Changing Star - unless someone managed to kill her both instantly and utterly, she could recover from almost anything.

Nevertheless, she looked terribly drained and exhausted. The same power that healed her wounds and burned her enemies to ash subjected Nephis to unspeakable agony, which was why she only used her Aspect when there was no other choice.

Cassie seemed untouched, too. But although she only delivered a few swift strikes throughout the entire battle, she somehow looked even more fatigued than Nephis.

It was as though she would collapse at any moment.

Sunny was suddenly worried.

"Uh... are you alright?"

The blind girl lingered for a few moments, then smiled faintly.

"Yes. It's just that... remember the headache I told you about? I'm feeling it now."

He frowned.

'Right. Although it all happened terribly fast, she must have overused her Aspect Ability to be able to kill that thing.'

Sunny shook his head.

"Anyway... dispatching a Corrupted Tyrant in a single exchange. That was impressive. Since when are you so terrifying?"

Cassie faced him and suddenly laughed.

"I'll... take it as a compliment? If you don't mind."

Her laugh was bright and clear. She turned in the direction where the sybil had disappeared beneath the dark water and sighed.

"She was the enemy that cost me half of Fallen Grace. And all the lives that have been lost as a result of moving the city upstream. I've been preparing for this fight for a very long time, so... don't be too surprised."

Sunny coughed and looked away. The Defiled sybil had been a dangerous adversary to him... but to Cassie, she was something more. He knew all too well the shame of losing people you were responsible for to an overwhelming enemy.

'Good... it's good that Cassie got some payback.'

He hoped that he would be able to slaughter the Winter Beast one day, too.

Sunny hesitated for a moment, thinking if he should pat the blind girl on the back. Or maybe grip her shoulder. What was one supposed to do in these situations?

Before he could decide, though, Nephis took a few steps forward and took Cassie into a gentle embrace. She did not say anything, but there seemed to be no need for words.

The blind girl smiled.

"Thank you... anyway, the temple should be safe now. I don't think it will collapse any time soon, either. Still, we shouldn't linger. How about we rest a little, gather our spoils, and then do what we came here to do?"

Sunny nodded. Accomplishing their goal as soon as possible sounded like a good plan.

...Gathering plentiful spoils sounded even better.

But the most enticing thing Cassie suggested, by far, was to rest.

"Great idea!"

Without wasting any time, Sunny plopped on the ground and summoned the Covetous Coffer...

Fiend was not the only one who had worked up quite an appetite during the tiresome battle.

**********


                                Chapter 1383 A Pile of Soul Shards
--------------------
Sunny, Nephis, and Cassie spent a while resting on the dais of the flooded hall. They were surrounded by the stench of blood and death, but none of them minded. It was too familiar of a smell, after all - most Awakened would not lose appetite because of it.

The three of them needed to refuel their exhausted bodies, regardless. Without speaking much, they consumed a hearty meal and spent some time catching their breaths. There was mental fatigue to deal with, as well - the mind was not as quick to recover from the strain of the battle as the body.

Sunny, it seemed, was in better shape than Nephis and Cassie. After spending some time in a comfortable daze, his thoughts started to wander. Curious, he checked his runes.

'...No luck.'

Despite the large number of enemies he and his Shadows had slaughtered, there were no new Memories, not to mention Echoes. Sunny was not too discouraged, though - mostly because his shadow fragment counter was showing [1944/5000].

'I've... earned almost five hundred fragments in a single battle.'

That was a truly stunning amount. Sunny struggled to remember if he had ever earned that much, that fast... considering that the Nightmare promised to be quite intense from this point onward, there was a good chance that he would emerge from it as a Terror. Just six battles of similar scope would do the trick.

Of course, it was uncertain if he would survive the Nightmare at all. Still... every fragment he absorbed made him a tiny bit stronger. So, earning hundreds of them in the span of a few minutes was a boon.

After a while, the three of them reluctantly got to work. By then, Fiend was mostly done with devouring the gargantuan corpse of the depth dweller - once again, Sunny was flabbergasted by how much meat could fit inside the gluttonous Shadow's bottomless belly. The monstrous abomination had been at least ten times larger than the steel devil, and yet, there was barely anything left of it.

'...Does he have some sort of an endless spatial storage instead of a stomach?'

Shaking his head, Sunny called both Fiend and Saint over. Then, the five of them started the gruesome job of recovering the soul shards from the Drowned.

After a while, they were back on the dais, sitting on the cold stones. All three humans had a somewhat strange look on their faces, their eyes reflecting the beautiful glow of a sizable pile of radiant crystals that lay between them. Unable to control himself, Sunny trembled.

'So... so... so much money!'

There were no less than three hundred Transcended soul shards in the pile. Three hundred! In the waking world, they would have sold for enough money to buy the entire terrace district where his home was located. Even then, he would be left with enough credits to... to...

'What do I even spend it on?'

Sunny lingered for a few moments, then scratched his head.

"I don't know about you Great Legacies, but this just seems too extravagant. I knew that Third Nightmares were something else, but still..."

Cassie and Nephis turned to him. After a few moments of silence, the blind girl shook her head.

"No... that's a bit much even for us."

Clan Valor was rich beyond imagination, but its expenditures were equally enormous. It took a lot of resources to maintain an army of Awakened and keep a great citadel safe, while people who could slay Corrupted Nightmare Creatures were few and burdened with other responsibilities.

Sunny glanced at the mesmerizing pile of soul shards and sighed.

'Damn it... why, why can't I absorb shards?'

He remained silent for a while, then said in a stifled voice:

"Well... time's a wastin'. Come on, Neph. Chop-chop!"

She gave him a confused look.

"Huh?"

Sunny swallowed his tears and smiled.

"Cassie has already saturated her core, so you're the only one who can make use of these shards. Leave me a few for weaving, and absorb the rest."

Nephis remained silent for a few moments.

"But I only killed the depth dweller and a dozen Drowned. You and Cassie deserve these shards much more."

He shrugged.

"The sooner we make you a Titan, the better. I already received my share of fragments, anyway... plus, we're in the same boat. Quite literally. You said it yourself, too - individual strength is not all that. If there's anything we can do to increase the overall strength of the cohort, it has to be done."

Sunny leaned forward, picked up a shimmering crystal, and threw it to Nephis. Her gaze did not move, but her hand shot forward and caught it.

She hesitated for a bit, then sighed and crushed the soul shard. A stream of white sparks then entered her body, surrounding it with radiance.

Before it dimmed, Nephis picked up another shard and absorbed it, as well. One, two, three, ten...

Trying very hard to keep bitter envy from showing on his face, Sunny observed the process from the sidelines. Belatedly, he realized that absorbing hundreds of shards was a very slow process.

With nothing else to do, he simply stared at the soft radiance surrounding Neph's slender figure.

After a while, a quiet sigh escaped from his lips.

'Pretty...'

Then, Sunny coughed.

'I mean, this mountain of wealth... can there be a prettier sight?! Too bad it's going to be all gone soon. Yeah...'

Forcing himself to look away, he glanced at Cassie. The blind girl seemed to have regained some of her liveliness, but she still looked unsteady. He summoned the Endless Spring and offered it to her.

Cassie must have been low on essence, because she didn't see his gesture. That probably meant that her Aspect Abilities were not activated, leaving her truly blind, just as she had been as a Sleeper.

Sunny lingered for a moment. Calling out to her, he gently grasped her wrist and placed the Memory into her palm.

"Here. Drink some water."

She held the Endless Spring for a bit, then brought her other hand closer and traced the shape of the beautiful glass bottle with her fingers. A subtle smile appeared on Cassie's lips.

Bringing the bottle to them, she took a few sips of the cool, refreshing water, and offered the Endless Spring back to Sunny.

"Thank you."

Dismissing the Memory, he remembered the past. The Endless Spring was one of the three Memories Cassie had earned in her First Nightmare. It had served them well on the Forgotten Shore, and was later gifted to Sunny by the blind girl.

The beautiful glass bottle had followed him on all his misadventures ever since, saving his life on several occasions.

...Looking back, it was quite a thoughtful gift.

"But don't you know why she gave it to you?"

Sunny flinched, looking up at the Sin of Solace. The sword wraith had appeared from the darkness at some point, unseen, and now stood above him with a cold expression.

"Not out of any kind of affection, of course. It was just something to dampen the torment of guilt she felt over betraying you. So, if anything, that gift of hers was quite self-indulgent. A person can't condemn a friend to death and want to feel good about themselves at the same time, you know. If they have any shame."

The apparition smiled.

"Hey. She never even apologized, did she?"

The Sin of Solace shook his head.

"So maybe I'm wrong. Maybe she has never had any shame, and has never felt guilty about stabbing you in the back, to begin with."

Sitting opposite Sunny, Cassie hugged her shoulders and lowered her head.

He gritted his teeth.

'Shut the hell up. Nobody asked for your opinion, wretch...'

As Nephis continued to absorb soul shards, the laughter of the odious wrath echoed in his ears.

**********


                                Chapter 1384 Novel Idea
--------------------
Eventually, Nephis was done with the pile of soul shards. Sunny stored a few of them inside the Covetous Coffer, then dismissed the alloy chest and rose, looking around the flooded hall. Although the structure sustained some damage during the battle, it had not collapsed yet. He did not know how much longer the lost temple would last, though. The sight of numerous cracks covering the distant ceiling did not fill him with confidence.

'...It's not the end of the world.'

Sunny had to remind himself that even if the temple collapsed, the three of them would be just fine. They were Masters, not mundane people - it was just hard to remember the difference, sometimes. No one would be able to remain composed when there were countless tons of stone and cold water ready to fall on their heads.

"Shall we go?"

Nephis had finished absorbing the soul shards, and Fiend had finished stuffing his face with what remained of the Drowned. They had rested enough, as well... nothing was preventing them from exploring deeper into the temple.

Rising to her feet, Cassie nodded.

"Yeah. Let's go."

Nephis did a few stretches and brandished her sword in a flowing series of strikes, familiarizing herself with the subtle change of her physical power. Then, she followed the two of them to the far end of the flooded hall.

"What are we searching for, exactly?"

Cassie was looking at the cracked wall behind the dais, her expression glum. After a few moments of silence, she responded in a distant tone:

"This temple used to be dedicated to knowledge. The three sybils who ruled Fallen Grace each had different responsibilities, and this one, as the senior, was the guardian of truths. She oversaw a vast library where everything the sybils knew about the world was recorded. Many faithful priests and priestesses were responsible for keeping and expanding the library, as well."

The blind girl sighed.

"...Of course, most of that knowledge was lost when the sybil succumbed to the Defilement, and the rest had to have slowly deteriorated after her imprisonment. The recent water damage probably obliterated most of what was left. Still, there is a chance that we'll find hints of what to expect on our journey."

Finally, Cassie noticed a small door that was obscured by darkness, most of the narrow corridor it led to submerged underwater. Taking a step in that direction, she said:

"Among other things, the sybils kept detailed maps and records of the Great River here. Every city, every settlement, every stronghold of a powerful Seeker... from what I was able to learn, these maps were engraved on stone slates. They would not have been destroyed that easily. The information about the place where Effie and Soul Reaper are trapped should have been recorded, as well."

The geography of the Tomb of Ariel - or rather, of both the human settlements and the hazardous environments - was constantly shifting. Human cities migrated, while dangerous areas changed or moved. Considering the treacherous nature of the Great River, keeping maps was not too simple of a task.

That said, some places had a constant location. And even if it changed, the knowledge of how they had been in the past could help Sunny, Nephis, and Cassie learn what it was exactly that they would have to face.

'Great...'

Usually, Sunny would have preserved his essence, but since the battle was behind them, and he was being spoiled by the Crown of Twilight, he simply commanded the water to part instead of jumping into its cold embrace.

It took some effort for him to move so much of it, but a few seconds later, the flooded corridor was flooded no more. The three of them descended from the dais and entered through the small door, venturing into the very heart of the lost temple.

As they walked, Sunny couldn't help but feel a bit disturbed. There were much more signs of the sybil's rampage here, close to the inner sanctum. Even though the Defiled abomination was dead now, the marks she had left on the ancient walls remained as eerie and ominous as ever.

Cassie opened her mouth to say something, but remained silent in the end. A grim expression settled on her exquisite face. The bright glimmer of her beautiful eyes dimmed, replaced by somber darkness.

He frowned, worried that they should have given the blind girl more time to rest.

In the end, Sunny hurried his steps to catch up to her and asked:

"Are you alright?"

Cassie hesitated for a few moments, then smiled faintly.

"Yes... sure. Why wouldn't I be?"

Then, she traced the frightening marks left on the wall by the fury of the imprisoned sybil.

"I was just thinking what it must have felt like, to be buried here alive. The people of Fallen Grace... they thought that they were showing mercy by not killing her. Or reverence and devotion, perhaps. But..."

She sighed and shook her head.

"Wouldn't it have been better to just die?"

Sunny lingered for a while, not knowing what to answer. It was just a curious question to him - but to Cassie, who had lived an entire year playing the role of a sybil, it had to be much more personal.

Eventually, he shrugged:

"I'd rather die, yes."

The blind girl smiled.

"Yeah. That just goes to show... that good intentions often produce the most cruel of results. Don't you think?"

When Sunny nodded, she paused for a moment, then suddenly added in a dark tone:

"However... personally, I disagree. I'd rather live, no matter what."

He looked at her with surprise, slightly confused by the contradiction.

"Why?"

Cassie remained silent for a few moments. It seemed as though she was considering his questions seriously.

Eventually, she chuckled:

"...Honestly, I'm not quite sure. Pride, maybe? The world is trying to kill us so hard. It just feels like such a shame, to let it have its way."

Sunny stared at her with an incredulous expression.

'What the hell?'

Wasn't it basically the same thing he had told Hero all those years ago, in the First Nightmare? It was like listening to a more refined and eloquent version of himself.

Was it such a surprise, though? Although he and Cassie came from entirely different backgrounds, they were more alike than anyone would think... simply because they both shared an affinity to fate, and knew better than most how tyrannical fate was.

He kept quiet for a bit, then scoffed. Before Sunny could respond, though, Nephis spoke from behind them:

"Well, then, what's the problem? Just make sure not to die. There, problem solved."

He nodded with a grin.

"Exactly. I mean, it's not that hard... if a fool like me can stay alive, anyone can."

Cassie smiled, amused by their awkward attempts to raise her mood.

She nodded.

"Ah... alright. What a novel idea. I'll take it under advisement."

As the sound of quiet chuckling echoed in the dark corridor, the three Masters went deeper into the darkness of the ancient temple.

**********


                                Chapter 1385 Flame of Divinity
--------------------
As they walked through the corridors, Sunny kept clearing their way with the help of the Crown of Twilight. Of course, they could easily swim through the flooded portions of the temple - but why would they, if there was an easier way?

The walls of the narrow corridors glistened, reflecting the light of a luminous Memory Nephis had summoned. Soon, Sunny noticed a subtle change in them. If the ancient stone was unadorned before, now, it was covered by the remains of beautiful murals.

He couldn't quite understand what was depicted on them, though - partially because the murals were heavily damaged, partially because the images were quite strange. They were more symbolic than descriptive... at least that was the conclusion he made.

"...What's that?"

Noticing that Nephis seemed to be interested in the murals as well, Sunny finally gave voice to his curiosity.

She hesitated for a few moments, then shook her head.

"I'm not sure."

In front of them was an image depicting a vast black field that looked strangely terrifying. In the middle of it, a mass of golden flame was burning, illuminating the darkness with its radiance.

Cassie slowed her steps and turned slightly, facing the mural. After a moment of silence, she said matter-of-factly:

"It's the myth of creation."

The two of them looked at her with some confusion. Feeling their gazes, the blind girl sighed, then smiled lightly.

"The inhabitants of the Dream Realm had a myth of how the world came to be, of course. Actually, many of them. Most shared common points, though."

She pointed to the mural.

"In the beginning, there was only the boundless void of chaos..."

Sunny tilted his head a little, remembering the description of a Memory he once possessed... the Memory of a drop of Shadow God's blood. The runes he had read told the same.

Of course, Cassie was slightly altering the meaning due to the difference between the language of the waking world and the runic language the Spell used. There was no void of chaos... because the words "void" and "chaos" meant the same thing.

Come to think of it, it had been the same in the human language once, as well. These days, when someone said "chaos", they wanted to describe some sort of a huge mess. But the initial meaning of that word simply meant emptiness... the void.

So, saying that there was only the void meant the same thing as saying there was only chaos.

It was the dark abyss that Weaver had apparently visited, and where the gods had come from.

Cassie, meanwhile, continued:

"The void was everlasting and everchanging. Terrible beings dwelled within the void, as well. But then came desire, and with it came direction."

She pointed to the golden flame.

Sunny raised his eyebrow. These last words were exactly the same as in the description of the drop of ichor.

"Yeah, I've heard something similar before. But, to be honest, I never really understood what all of it actually means. Desire, direction... why are they so significant?"

It was Nephis, not Cassie, who answered:

"It's simple, really. Well... it's a paradox, but a rather simple one. Since the void was eternal, limitless, and forever changing, it was inevitable that sooner or later, it would produce something that contradicted its fundamental qualities. In other words, something unchanging. That was desire. A single constant in the forever shifting abyss."

She coughed, and then added with embarrassment:

"Oh... at least that was how it was explained to me. But if you think about it, it makes sense. A desire can't change, because if it does, it ceases to be itself and becomes a different desire. So, the concept of desire is static by nature."

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

"Huh? What? That's... a bit too complicated for me. What a weird myth! I like the ones you tell way better - you know, the stories about cunning men defeating giants, building wooden as... horses to conquer cities, and fighting sea monsters."

A subtle smile appeared on Neph's face.

Sunny enjoyed the view of it, then scratched the back of his head and added:

"But I get the idea. Desire was the first unchanging thing born from the everchanging void, so it was in contradiction to the void."

She nodded.

"Yes. A desire also can't exist by itself. It needs a subject. You want something, strive for something, dream of something... so, a desire has to be directed somewhere. Hence, with it came direction."

Sunny looked at her with a strange expression.

"That... strangely makes sense."

So the direction the myth spoke about was a natural consequence of desire... or rather the concept of desire being born within the void. And since both were constant, their existence was in opposition to the forever changing abyss.

Where there had been only chaos, there was now something resembling order.

...Coincidentally, the word "directionless" could also mean "disorderly" in the runic language. And therefore, the word "direction" could also mean "order".

Even though it was not entirely correct, such an analogy made it easier for Sunny to understand the underlying meaning of the strange creation myth. It was a conflict between chaos and order... the void creatures represented chaos, while the gods represented order.

He hesitated for a moment, then asked:

"But a desire for what? What was that desire?"

Cassie laughed quietly.

"Nobody knows. In fact, I don't think that anyone can know... we humans are not capable of truly understanding divine matters, after all, so this myth is merely a crude facsimile of the real story. Personally, I think it was the very idea of desire, not a specific one. That's why there is a fairy tale about the Well of Wishes here in the Tomb of Ariel - a magical place that can grant any wish, not just the correct one."

Sunny looked at her, amused.

"...You know that fairy tale too?"

Cassie coughed and turned away in embarrassment.

"Oh. Yeah... it's popular among the younger inhabitants of Fallen Grace. I listened to it once or twice out of curiosity."

She lingered for a moment, then walked to the next mural. On it, six radiant figures were shown standing around the mass of golden flames, which had become much smaller. Vague, but terrifying shapes could be seen in the surrounding darkness, swarming them. The blind girl pointed at the image.

"The gods were born from desire. Then, they waged a terrible war on the old ones, the creatures of the void."

**********


                                Chapter 1386 Forests, Plains, Rivers, and a Vast Blue Sky
--------------------
The next few murals depicted the battles between the six radiant figures and the vague shapes hiding in the darkness of the abyssal void. Sunny found them quite funny... he already knew that the war between the gods and the unknown were waged with weapons like death, time, and space. It had truly been a war beyond human comprehension.

However, the ancient people had drawn the murals according to their human imagination. In them, the gods battled the void creatures with swords, spears... and even fists, from time to time. Imagining a god having a fistfight with a primordial horror was rather comical.

Sunny shook his head.

"It's curious, isn't it? The gods are always said to be the enemies of the void creatures... but really, they are void creatures themselves. Just of a different breed."

Both the unknown and the gods had been born from the void. So, the gods were unknown themselves - primordial beings from before anything remotely human had ever existed. It was just that they were a very special kind of these ancient abominations. A kind that was inherently opposed to the abyss that had spawned them, and everything it represented.

Nephis slowly nodded.

"Indeed. But does it matter?"

Sunny lightly shook his head.

"I guess it doesn't."

Awakened and Nightmare Creatures were also two sides of the same coin. That didn't make them the same.

The three of them continued forward, studying the murals. Eventually, the void creatures seemed to have been defeated, albeit not destroyed. Beaten and diminished, they crouched in a dark corner of the abyss, surrounded by the six radiant figures.

'This is interesting.'

Sunny knew very little about how the war between the gods and the unknown had ended. The description of the drop of ichor only said that the void had been bound... but not how it had happened.

Finally, the three of them stopped in front of the second to last mural. On it, the six radiant figures seemed to be holding a net made from what was left of the golden flame, surrounded by a whirlwind of sparks. They threw the net on the crouching creatures of the void, engulfing them in radiance.

The last mural depicted a familiar landscape - the black abyss was gone, replaced by forests, plains, rivers, and a vast blue sky.

He looked at Cassie expectedly. She had been the one to spend a whole year with the inhabitants of the Nightmare, after all. If anyone knew their myths, it would be her.

The blind girl sighed.

"In the end, when the old ones were defeated, the gods took direction and used their weapons to wrap it around the void. That was how the void was sealed. And... that was also how the world was created."

Sunny stared at the last mural, overcome by an eerie feeling.

'Wait a second...'

The forests, plains, rivers, and a vast blue sky... the crouching beings enveloped by a net of golden radiance...

He already knew that these murals had been drawn according to the limited imagination of their creators. So, if he looked beyond what was drawn, at the underlying meaning...

Desire, direction... order... the absolute laws like time and space that the gods had created to use as weapons.

Did it mean that the gods had created the world... the universe, rather... by sealing the void in the cage of universal laws?

And if this was how the world had been born...

He shivered.

"So... wait... does it mean that everything we know is basically a cage for the abyssal beings of the void? That... that everything is just the outer shell of a prison built to contain the abyss?"

Cassie and Nephis turned to him somberly.

After a while, the blind girl said, her voice strangely calm:

"I think... not quite that literally, but yes. The void was never destroyed, it was only bound. And the world is what binds it... not the waking world, and not the Dream Realm. More of... existence itself, as we know it."

Sunny remained silent for a while, not knowing what to say. What Cassie said sounded terrifying. It was as though he was standing on the surface of a deep, dark ocean, separated from its lightless depths only by a thin, fragile film of ice.

That ice was all of existence.

'Damnation...'

Why was he so bothered by some stupid myth, anyway?

The answer was obvious. It would have been easy to dismiss the whole thing as an ancient superstition if not for one detail. The Spell had put the same story in the description of the drop of Shadow God's blood, which meant that there was at least some truth to this myth, no matter how distorted.

'Curses.'

Eventually, he let out a shaky breath and said in an unconvincingly carefree tone:

"Well... that's a bit disturbing, isn't it?"

Indeed, it was.

Much more than that, however...

It raised so many questions.

Was his interpretation of the myth close to truth? How had Weaver entered the void if it was sealed by existence itself? What had the Demon of Fate witnessed there, exactly?

Come to think of it, the creation myth explained a lot of things, but one thing it failed to explain were the daemons. Where had they come from? Who was the Unknown, whose children they supposedly were? How were the daemons and their progenitor connected to the gods and to the void?

There were much more fundamental questions, as well.

For example, the path of Ascension led to divinity, while the path of Corruption was opposed to it, leading to unholiness. And since what opposed the gods was the void... was the true meaning of "profane" and "unholy", as used by the Spell, actually "having to do with the void"?

Was the abyss sealed within the world the source of Corruption? Was the vile darkness permeating the souls of Nightmare Creature a manifestation of the everlasting void?

And how did the Nightmares, the Spell, and Weaver's mysterious schemes fit into all of this?

Sunny suddenly shuddered as a certain thought entered his mind.

Now that the gods were dead...

Was the spreading Corruption a sign that the seals containing the void were weakening?

Was the cage the gods had created slowly falling apart?

The disturbing chill he had felt after learning the truth of the last mural was washed away by curiosity... but now, the feeling of dread was back.

He hesitated for a few moments, then cleared his throat and looked away from the ancient, damaged, fading image of forests, rivers, and plains.

...The net of black cracks covering the painted vastness of a blue sky did not look ominous at all.

"Let's go find that damned library and get the hell away from here as fast as possible, shall we? This place... it seriously gives me creeps..."

For once in his life, Sunny hoped to never find answers to the questions gnawing at his mind.

**********


                                Chapter 1387 Divine, Unholy
--------------------
As they moved deeper and deeper into the flooded temple, Sunny couldn't help but think about the eerie story told by the ancient murals. It seemed as though he had learned something important…

But, of course, there were a dozen questions for every answer he had received. Like always.

'Divine, unholy…'

Knowing that the very fabric of the world was like a cage for the abyssal void that dwelled beneath made him feel uneasy — understandably so. However, Sunny did not dwell on that fact for too long. There was no point, anyway. Matters like these were too distant and inconceivable for a mere mortal to think about. Even if the seals created by the gods were slowly crumbling, what was a human like him supposed to do? Even if Sunny was a Sovereign, he would have been like an ant compared to the powers involved in this process. The seals had existed for eons, anyway. Despite their supposed weakened state, they would keep existing for just as long. By the time the void broke free of its prison and destroyed everything, he would be long dead, with not even dust left of his bones.

…Probably.

In any case, he was more interested in something else. The true source of the Corruption… Sunny had a vague suspicion that it was the void before, but now, he was almost certain.

'How does it work, though?'

The timeline of the Dream Realm civilizations was not very clear, but one thing he did know was that the Corrupted — the Nightmare Creatures — had always existed, even when the seals of the void were new and pristine. The first era Sunny knew of was the era of the void… he decided to call it the Age of Chaos. During the Age of Chaos, the gods had been born, waged war against the elder abyssal beings, and eventually defeated them, thus creating the world. What followed was the Age of Heroes. Noctis and the other Chain Lords had been born during that period. Back then, at the dawn of time, humans were not a dominant force in the world yet. Their nascent civilization was growing and spreading, but the continuation of its existence was not at all guaranteed. Instead, those ancient humans had to fight against the Corrupted to conquer new lands, protect their cities, and avoid extinction. They needed powerful champions to battle the dreadful beings who populated the young world, and therefore that time was remembered as the Age of Heroes.

More importantly… the Nightmare Creatures already existed back then, when the gods were alive and the seals of the void were undamaged. How?

'Huh…'

Sunny frowned. 'I guess the gods did not imprison all of the void and every void being when creating the prison.'

It was easy to imagine that some remnants of the abyss slipped through their fingers and came to exist in the newly created world. Noctis had told him once that the gods and the daemons fought side by side as allies in the battles of the ancient past… therefore, it was easy to conclude that the war against the abyss did not end as soon as the abyss itself was sealed.

There had to have been dire battles at the dawn of the new world, resulting in these abyssal remnants being exterminated. Come to think of it, Nephis had told him that a terrible creature was slain by the gods once, at the dawn of time, and that its blood seeped into the ground, becoming true darkness. The place where the creature fell was now known as the Hollow Mountains, beneath which lay the darkness of the Underworld. That creature had to have been a void being. That proved that at least some of them had walked the world of the gods after its creation. 'What are void beings, though?'

Sunny felt as though he was on the precipice of an important discovery. The gods… he had thought once that they were simply divine titans. Now, however, Sunny was inclined to believe that the gods were beyond Ranks and Classes altogether. Similarly, void creatures would not have been unholy titans — just like the gods, they had to have been creatures of an entirely different order.

More importantly, they were simply different. These abyssal horrors were beings from before time, space, death, and every other law that comprised the fabric of reality. These existences were completely alien to the reality familiar to Sunny... opposed to it, even.

And if Sunny knew one thing about creatures of great power, it was that they exerted influence on the world. Saints and powerful Masters had a mystical presence to them. Nightmare Creatures of higher Classes spread their influence across vast territories. Sovereigns ruled over grand Domains.

Void beings were without a doubt immensely powerful, so what kind of influence would they exert on a world that was inherently alien to their nature? Would the fabric of reality and the very laws comprising it start to rot and come undone around them?

Sunny felt his heart skipping a beat. Was that... was that the true nature of the Corruption? Was it a rot caused by the influence of the primordial void, simply because of its alien nature?

…That would explain why the creatures infected by that rot possessed an insatiable desire to destroy those who were not. Why they all seemed mad, revolting, and alien… appallingly wrong in some strange and sinister way. The divine and the unholy were inherently opposed to each other, after all. It was in their very nature to strive to obliterate each other.

'I… I feel like I'm not far from the truth.'

Sunny remained silent for a while, walking behind Cassie with a distant expression on his face. The world he lived in — the world of the Spell, the constant battle against the abominations, and the ruined realm of dreams and nightmares — suddenly made much more sense. It was not understanding, exactly. The conclusions Sunny made were too vast and had too many consequences to be understood in just a few minutes. But the feeling of it all was somehow more clear now. He lingered for a bit, then threw a furtive glance at Nephis.

'What about Neph, then?'

Her Ascended Ability, [Longing], made her immune to the Corruption. Knowing what he knew now, that seemingly weak Ability seemed even more impossible.

More than that, one of her Attributes was called "Nephilim". Its description read: 'There once were terrible creatures born of an unholy union between the divine and the profane. Nephilim were the most beautiful, and the most harrowing of them all.'

If the divine and the unholy were inherently opposed to each other, then how could there have been creatures born from their union? How terrible had they been, really, and what had happened to them?

Shaking his head slightly, Sunny sighed and looked away from Neph's slender figure. 'I take it back. Nothing makes sense. I'm just confused even more!'

Taking a step forward, he suppressed a groan and covered his face with a palm.

**********


                                Chapter 1388 Wheels of History
--------------------
Sunny continued to think about the history of the Dream Realm. The Age of Chaos was the first, ending with the imprisonment of the void and the creation of the world. It was followed by an age that could be called the Age of Gods - a prehistoric time when the gods and those living things they created, as well as the daemons who came out of nowhere, battled the remnant abyssal creatures across the newborn world.

Then came the Age of Heroes. It started when the nascent humanity started to spread and fight against the Corrupted creatures inhabiting the world for dominion over it. It ended when the abominations were pushed back and largely exterminated, turning from an everpresent danger into dire, but rare foes.

What followed was a different age... an age when humanity ruled the world unopposed. Noctis had not known its name - perhaps because people living in that time needed none. For them, it was simply now. A golden age of peace and prosperity...

'Relatively speaking, of course. I am sure there was plenty of bloodshed and conflict even after most of the Corrupted had already been slain or driven into the wilderness. Humans are humans, after all... there were other tribes of creatures inhabiting the world, as well. I doubt that everyone lived together in absolute harmony.'

Due to their immortality, Noctis and the other Chain Lords - powerful Transcendent born in the Age of Heroes - lived long enough to witness the new age, as well.

In fact, they might have had more to do with the change of epochs than anyone knew. Noctis considered the destruction of the Kingdom of Hope to be the turning point in history, one that signified the end of the Age of Heroes.

Which meant that the Golden Age was poisoned from the very start. It began with the imprisonment of Hope, and ended when she broke free from her chains. During that time, the gods grew distant and indifferent. Their followers even started to fight among themselves. Slowly, prosperity waned, turning into stagnation and decay.

Both the First and Second of Sunny's Nightmares took place at the dusk of the Golden Age, not long before the daemons rose in rebellion against the gods.

That war, the last war, destroyed the civilization of the Dream Realm. Although it was like a flash in the scope of history, perhaps its brief terror was worthy of being considered an age of its own.

The Age of Daemons... a terrible age of dread and destruction.

Although that age was the latest, it was also the most mysterious. Everything the humans of the waking world had found in the Dream Realm were marks left by the great war between the daemons and the gods, and yet, almost nothing was known about it.

Why did it start? How did it end? How did the gods die? What happened to their enemies, the daemons?

All that Sunny knew was that at some point between the start of the Doom War and the present day, the Seeds of Nightmares appeared, and the Corruption reclaimed the world it had been almost banished from once. It was the end of the Dream Realm.

'Come to think of it... I'm wrong.' The history of the Dream Realm had never really ended. There were human settlements on its perilous reaches today, after all... great Citadels like Bastion and Ravenheart, and many smaller ones. Where hundreds of thousands of Awakened lived, fought, and survived, slowly claiming more and more land from the Nightmare Creatures.

'Almost... like a new Age of Heroes...' Or rather, the Age of the Nightmare Spell. Sunny dodged a drop of water that fell from the ceiling of the narrow corridor and tilted his head a little.

'Huh.' Viewed from this perspective, it almost seemed as if the purpose of the Nightmare Spell was to repopulate the Dream Realm, which had been turned to lifeless hell by the Doom War, and breathe new life into it. To push the wheels of history that had stopped spinning a long time ago and make them revolve again, carrying the once desolate world into the future.

'It's almost like Weaver is some kind of a noble hero...' Of course, that change had come at the expense of countless deaths and immeasurable misery among the inhabitants of the waking world. And Sunny did not really buy that the Demon of Fate had been any kind of hero, let alone a noble one...

Still. The implication seemed too sensible to be discarded completely.

The Age of Chaos, the Age of Gods, the Age of Heroes, the Golden Age, the Age of Daemons... and the Age of the Nightmare Spell.

If seen in such a framework, the history... Could make Sunny a huge amount of contribution points. Just imagining it made his eyes gleam.

'If I manage to write up this theory well and publish it, accurate or not... my, oh my! I'll be swimming in academic achievements. Let alone a guest lecturer, I'll be made an honorary professor! A dean, even!' As he grinned greedily, Cassie slowed her steps a little and raised her hand.

"We're close. Be cautious... if there are really records left, we should be careful not to damage them any further."

Although the corridors they had walked through were largely flooded, this section of the lost temple seemed strangely dry. Perhaps the structure here was much more durable, and had thus resisted the passage of time better... perhaps there were still some enchantments protecting the inner sanctum. In any case, the floor they walked on gradually became drier.

Soon, the three Masters passed a chamber filled to the brim with shelves. There had been countless books on them once, but now the shelves lay broken, the ancient scrolls long destroyed by water. Sunny checked a few, only to shake his head in disappointment. Even those that seemed relatively better preserved were utterly illegible.

They moved further, passing several similar chambers. The library of the temple had indeed been vast once... but now, all the knowledge accumulated by the sybils and their faithful priests was lost. Some of it was destroyed by moisture, some seemed to have been burned, while some had been obliterated by the Defiled sybil in her rage.

'Such a shame...' Finally, they reached a tall door. Just like all the other doors in the inner sanctum, it had long been turned to rotten splinters... however, the chamber behind it - the largest one they've seen in the last few minutes - looked strangely untouched.

Much more importantly, there were no broken shelves and rotten scrolls within it. Instead, there were stone slates.

**********


                                Chapter 1389 Shifting Map
--------------------
After entering the central chamber of the ancient library, Sunny felt his excitement diminish somewhat. The stone slates had seemed unharmed from the outside, but at a closer look, they were not in the best state.

The Defiled sybil had rampaged in this chamber, as well. Many slates were shattered, some turned to rubble, others to dust. The whole place was a mess, with deep cracks littering its walls and the ceiling. There were deep puddles on the floor, and the cold darkness shrouding the chamber echoed with the sound of falling water.

Still... there were many slates that were unharmed, as well.

Cassie remained motionless for a few moments, then sighed and sat down on a relatively dry pile of rubble.

Sunny gave her a stare. "...What, you're not going to help us look?" The blind girl smiled. "I am looking."

He coughed and awkwardly turned away. 'Yeah, way to go, genius. Asking a blind person if she'll look...' Although Cassie's Awakened Ability allowed her to navigate the world, it did not grant her sight - Cassie sensed the future as if she lived it, meaning that she remained blind. It was her Ascended Ability that allowed her to see, even if it was only through someone else's eyes. Someone like Sunny or Nephis, for example - which meant that she could only look at the slates that they were looking at.

So, she could only help them identify the correct one, not find it herself.

Hiding his embarrassment, Sunny cleared his throat. "So, what exactly should we search for?" Cassie lingered for a moment. "We should probably separate all the intact slates first. Even those that do not contain the information we're currently looking for might be useful later."

Indeed... rescuing Effie and Jet was not going to be their last stop on the Great River. They would have to travel to Twilight as well, and then journey all the way to the dawn of time to attack Verge. There was no telling what kind of dangers hid beneath the surface of the endless river. Even though the information recorded by the sybils was outdated by now, it was still immensely valuable.

Cassie tilted her head a little. "Other than that... keep an eye out for any mention of flowers."

Sunny nodded. There was not much known about the place where Effie and Jet were trapped, but the inhabitants of Fallen Grace referred to it as the Wind Flower. The vague stories they had heard about that area of the Great River told very little, except for how no one ever returned from there.

It wasn't even known where the name Wind Flower had come from.

With a sigh, Sunny nodded and went about sifting through the rubble without wasting much time. Soon, he and Nephis were crawling through the debris, separating those slates that were only lightly damaged from those that were completely destroyed.

As they did, Sunny briefly looked at each one.

Although Ananke had taught them how to navigate the Great River - at least enough for them to make their way to Fallen Grace - he couldn't really read the maps engraved into the slates. The maps Sunny was used to were based on topography and landmarks like mountains, rivers, and craters.

What was there to put on a map of an endless, vast river? The system the sybils had used was rather elaborate. It was based on a convoluted method of assigning each slate a kind of coordinates that had to do with its relation to the edges of the Great River, the passage of the suns, and the approximate distance to the few stationary hazards plaguing the Tomb of Ariel.

None of the slates depicted the full map of the Great River, either. Instead, they were supposed to be put together and moved around as the areas described on them shifted their locations, with old coordinates being stricken from the slate and new ones added.

Since most of the slates had been destroyed, there was no hope of recreating the full map.

However... one great thing that the sybils and their servants had done was including a description of what was depicted on the slates, engraved on the back. So, instead of trying to decipher the markings describing the coordinates, Sunny read these descriptions instead.

His face slowly grew gloomy.

"A giant maw that opens underwater and swallows entire island-ships... a region where the wind literally cuts flesh... what the hell, an illusory island that can only be seen by the dying..."

So what, if he suddenly saw that island, it would mean that he was going to die in the next few minutes? Or was it the other way around, and it was seeing the island that killed people?

In any way, it was very much way too creepy.

Sunny knew that the Tomb of Ariel was a dreadful place, but now, he suddenly felt lucky to have made it to Fallen Grace in one piece.

Well... they had encountered the time storm, which was pretty terrifying even as far as the local perils were concerned. So, calling himself lucky might have not been quite correct.

'Whatever...' After a while, the two of them settled into a rhythm. Sunny was looking for those slates that were in one piece, while Nephis collected those that had been broken into pieces but could be restored, and put them back together with the help of the Dark Shaper.

Cassie, meanwhile, rested on the pile of rubble for a while, then got bored and stood up to take a walk around the chamber.

She hovered near them for a bit, then put her hand on the wall and slowly traced the perimeter of the chamber with her fingers. Since there was rubble everywhere, it took her a long time to complete the circle and get back to the entrance.

...Actually, hadn't she been gone for too long?

Suddenly worried, Sunny pulled his attention away from the slates and concentrated on his shadow sense. It only took him a split second.

To his relief, he could still clearly feel Cassie's shadow. Turning around, he looked at the far end of the chamber and saw her delicate figure there, standing in front of the cracked wall. She seemed deep in thought.

Frowning slightly, Sunny called out to her: "Hey! Is that wall very interesting? Come here and keep us company!"

Perhaps it was foolish, considering that Cassie could sense the future... but Sunny was not absolutely sure that the flooded temple was safe now, and having the blind girl outside his immediate reach made him feel uncomfortable.

What would happen if they were suddenly attacked?

Hearing his voice, Cassie hesitated for a few moments, then turned to face them and pointed to the wall. "Actually... it is interesting."

She paused for a moment, and then added with uncertainty: "A slight wind is coming from the cracks. I think there is another room behind that wall."

**********


                                Chapter 1390 Guiding Light
--------------------
Standing up, Sunny stretched and walked over to where Cassie was standing. Extending his shadow sense through the cracked wall, he remained silent for a few moments, then smiled.

"Good catch. There is indeed a hidden space there."

To think that he had almost missed it...

The blind girl stared at him for a bit, which gave Sunny a hint to look around.

'Damn... it's still creepy, to know that she's riding my senses. Can't she ask, at least? That Ability of hers is not limited to sight, so... ah, I don't even want to think what kinds of things she can sense me sensing...'

Suddenly feeling hot, Sunny glanced at Cassie and asked in a stifled tone: "What are you looking for?"

The blind girl lingered. "If there's a secret space, there has to be a mechanism to unlock it. Some kind of lever, perhaps. Oh... and give me some credit, alright? I am polite enough to know when not to use my Ability."

He suppressed an impulse to jump back. "What, you can read thoughts now, too?!"

Cassie took a deep breath, then patiently shook her head. "No. It was just written all over your face."

Sunny let out a sigh of relief, then trembled.

'Wait... she's looking through my eyes, so how can she see my face?'

At that moment, Neph's patted him on the shoulder.

"Because she looked through mine. Honestly, Sunny... for someone who claims to have never used his shadow to do perverted things at the Academy dormitory, you sure think of weird stuff often."

He stared at her in disbelief. "What do you mean, "claims to"? I absolutely did not! You know I can't lie!"

Nephis looked at Cassie with a hint of a smile on her lips. "Notice that he said "did not"... instead of "have not". Hmm."

Sunny remained silent, his mouth open.

'Oh... I see what's going on.'

Scoffing, he turned away. "Yeah, and until I say "will not", you better behave. Who knows what weird stuff I'll think of?"

There were a few moments of silence, and then Nephis said a bit awkwardly from behind him: "...So, whatever mechanism there was to unlock the door, it has to have broken a long time ago."

He grinned and watched as she stepped forward and delivered a swift punch to the cracked wall. The ancient stone shattered and collapsed, revealing a dark space beyond.

Sunny shielded his face from the cloud of stone dust and peered inside.

Hidden behind a false wall was a small circular chamber. There was an altar in its center, with something laying on it. As Nephis raised her torch, its light reflected from a polished metal surface.

He suddenly felt the shadows shift slightly, and widened his eyes in disbelief.

'That glow...'

There was a staff of pristine white wood laying on the altar, untouched by dust or dirt. Both its ends were encased in a beautiful weave of bands of polished gold, with a single radiant gem... no, a crystal... crowning the top.

The rough crystal was easy to identify as a soul shard of a rather high Rank. Supreme, perhaps, or even higher. What made Sunny instinctively hold his breath, however, was something else.

The white staff was emanating an ethereal golden glow... the kind that Sunny could only see because his eyes had been altered by Weaver's lineage. The familiar and unmistakable shine that the things having to do with divinity possessed.

As he was looking at the beautiful staff, stunned, Cassie approached the altar and lowered her head. Her expression was more perplexed than shocked. She remained silent for a few moments, then said quietly:

"How... curious. I did not know that it was here."

Both Sunny and Nephis looked at her with surprise. Throwing another glance at the staff, he asked:

"You know what this thing is?"

The blind girl lingered for a bit, then nodded. "Yes... I think I do. It fits the description of one of the holy relics that the sybils brought into the Tomb of Ariel from the outside world. Supposedly, it was a gift from one of the gods, bestowed to a priestess of their temple in the distant past."

Sunny's eyes widened. "Wait. Are you telling me that this thing... is a Divine artifact?"

His heart was beating wildly.

Cassie smiled. "Yes, in a sense... meaning that it is rumored to have been created by a god. However, it is not a Divine Rank artifact, if that is what you're asking. Although it does have some mystical qualities, its power is actually not that great."

She remained silent for a bit, and then added: "Actually, that can be said about most Divine relics, and therefore about most Divine Memories created in their image... not that there's many of those around. We humans perceive Memories as something that grants us power, but for the gods and the lesser deities... they themselves were the power. So, any relic they created would have been a mere tool of convenience, not something meant to empower them."

Sunny thought about his own two Divine Memories. That description fit them perfectly. Both Weaver's Mask and the Shadow Lantern allowed him to do astonishing things... and yet, there were indeed Memories in his arsenal that empowered him much more.

There was no doubt that his Divine Memories were infinitely more powerful, and yet, they did not make him much more powerful. He had considered this paradoxical situation plenty of times, and the conclusions he made were similar to what Cassie said.

The gods did not need external sources of power, and so, the tools they left behind served specific purposes - astonishing and wondrous, but not necessarily helpful to a human.

The blind girl, meanwhile, gently caressed the white wood of the beautiful staff and added: "In any case, this relic is called Guiding Light. It's not even a tool made to be used by a god... just something gifted to a mortal out of affection. The powers it possesses are not that stunning. It had served the sybils well before they came to the Tomb of Ariel, but after that, this staff mostly held symbolic meaning."

Sunny stared at the beautiful golden glow for a while, then asked in a dubious tone: "Not that stunning? So what does it do?"

Cassie thought for a bit, then hesitantly shrugged. "It's supposed to guide people? Actually, I don't know that well."

She picked up the staff and held it carefully. After a few moments, the soft radiance of the soul shard crowning the relic swirled, growing more intense on one side.

Sunny blinked. "What did you do?"

The blind girl suddenly seemed a little embarrassed. "Uh, I just... sort of... thought in my head, "Miss Guiding Light, can you guide me to Wind Flower, please?""

He stared at her incredulously.

'Let's skip the first part for now...'

"So, this divine relic... is basically a pretty flashlight with a very basic navigation function?"

Cassie coughed. "I... guess so?"

Sunny sighed, then shook his head and covered his face with a palm.

'And here I was all excited...'

Well, it could have been worse. The previous divine relic he had found in the wild was a wooden knife that could only kill one specific person, while simultaneously being responsible for turning that person into an immortal powerhouse.

Although the Guiding Light was not exactly an artifact worthy of being called divine, it was at least more useful than that.

...Actually, being able to know the general direction of almost anything you thought about was quite an amazing boon if used with foresight. Not to mention that it would help them find the members of the cohort sooner - which was why they had come to this temple, in the first place.

Sunny stared at the wooden staff for a few moments, then shook his head again.

"Well, great. Let's use this thing well. For now, though, we still have to find the information about Wind Flower."

They had already known where that place was located. What they had really come here to find was the information about what kind of dangers were waiting for them there.

Turning away, Sunny let out a disappointed sight.

'Damn it.'

As he walked back to the slates, he tried not to look too disheartened.

'This had to be the most anticlimactic discovery of a divine relic ever...'

**********

