Shadow Slave - PART 156
Chapters 1551 to 1560
==============================


                                Chapter 1551  Left Behind
--------------------
The five members of the cohort were gone, off to scout the approach to Verge. Sunny felt uneasy and worried about their safety, but not tremendously so. Each of them was a powerhouse in their own right, and possessed a wealth of experience when it came to moving stealthily through a region infested with Nightmare Creatures. Nephis, Kai, and Effie were veterans of the Forgotten Shore, where humans had been at the very bottom of the food chain. Effie, who had hunted in the Dark City alone for many years, was especially proficient in navigating dangerous terrain without alerting anyone or anything of her presence. Jet had already been a frightening existence before the Southern Campaign, and grew only more tenacious after going through the disastrous months in the Antarctic Center, followed by serving in the military reconnaissance in East Antarctica.

Mordret was by far the most slippery of the five, so even if Sunny was inclined to care about his well-being, the bastard was the last person in the Tomb of Ariel he would be worried about. So, the scouts were more than capable of fulfilling their mission unscathed. If anything, Sunny was more concerned about himself and Cassie. The restlessness he had felt for the past few months reached an apex, telling him that something was about to happen. The Sin of Solace was not shy about voicing his opinion, either:

"You've done it now, fool. What madness made you think that staying here alone with her was a good idea? It wasn't me, that's for sure. Now, you are completely defenseless against whatever new betrayal she had in mind, with no one to cover your back."

Sunny looked at him somberly, then turned away. Saint, Fiend, and Nightmare were still aboard the Chain Breaker. So, the loathsome wraith was wrong — there was someone to cover his back. There were plenty. 'No, that's wrong…'

Why would he even need that? Cassie was not going to betray the cohort. That was just his paranoia talking. Sunny frowned, realizing that this state of his was a bit concerning. He had grown so used to the Sin of Solace that listening to the apparition's poison was already a habit. It had failed to drive him insane due to Sunny's robust mental defenses… but maybe the sinister whispers of the cursed sword were having some effect on him, after all. Then again, maybe it was simply the result of the incredible mental strain he had been exposed to in the Tomb of Ariel.

'Is that how the Mad Prince started to slip, as well?'

Feeling grim, Sunny filtered out the incessant whispers of the sword wraith and went about his business. Cassie softly landed the Chain Breaker on the water and brought it close to the shore of the ice land, hiding it in the shadow of a tall rock mound. Sunny moored the ship, making sure that the ropes could be cut at a moment's notice. Then, there was nothing for them to do but wait and remain on guard.

While Sunny was consumed by alarm and doubt, Cassie seemed perfectly at ease. If she had been surprised by his sudden decision to stay back — which, in all honesty, went against how he would usually act — she did not show it. The blind girl remained at the stern of the ship, ready to activate the runic circle and send the Chain Breaker into the air the moment there was danger. Sunny, meanwhile, was in charge of watching out for said danger. One of his shadows continued to keep an eye on Cassie, while the other five spread out to have a better view of the environment. He commanded Saint and Fiend to remain on the ship and sent Nightmare to hide in the shadows on top of the mound they were moored to. Hours passed in tense silence, with nothing happening. …It was strange, really. Torment had been like a scarecrow in Sunny's mind. He had enjoyed the benefit of having Cassie around for long enough to know how potent and miraculous, albeit not applicable in a direct confrontation for the most part, her powers were. So, he was understandably wary of the Defiled version of the blind seer, not to mention if that Defiled was a Saint. What was Torment's Transformation Ability? How had her other Abilities grown, and what was she capable of? There were no answers, which only made Sunny feel more nervous. If there was one thing he did know, however, it was that the Last Plague would be attuned to fate and revelations to an incredible degree. Which meant that she would have means of knowing when she was in danger.

The arrival of the cohort was definitely a dire danger. They had already exterminated the other Plagues, after all. So, Sunny had been fully prepared to fight their way to Verge through a sea of abominations. However, there had been no one waiting for them when they descended from the black void. There was no one laying in ambush at the shores of the frozen landmass, either. Even now, when the members of the cohort had split up into three teams, nothing appeared to attack them while they were separated from each other. Why was that? Was Torment, perhaps, unable to receive any visions of fate in the Tomb of Ariel, just like Cassie was unable to see anything except darkness in hers?

That would certainly make things easier.

If Cassie was really unable to see the future…

Was Torment's strange passivity the result of the Mad Prince's schemes?

Sunny was full of alarm and ready for something perilous to happen, but nothing was happening. That only added to his frustration. Cassie remained on the stern, acting like nothing out of the ordinary was happening. Hours slowly passed, and then, the night came. The seven suns drowned in the water, and the Great River ignited with a soft, iridescent glow. Even the massive plain of ice shone dimly, illuminating itself with a pale, ghostly radiance. Bathed in that radiance, pillars of black stone were like a forest of colossal, dead trees. Sunny remained on the deck for a while, looking in the direction of Verge and wondering how the members of the cohort were doing. After a while, he went to the stern and spoke with Cassie about taking turns guarding the ship. "My shadows will wake me up instantly if something happens. So… if there's danger, just keep yourself alive for a few seconds. I'll be there before you know it."

The blind girl nodded seriously. "Of course. Go, and try to rest well. There probably won't be a chance to do so after the scouts return."

Sunny hesitated for a bit, then descended below deck and entered his cabin. Laying down on his cot, he closed his eyes and relaxed his body. He also controlled his heartbeat and breathing, making them as calm and natural as he could. Pretending to be asleep.

But, of course, Sunny was not asleep. Instead, he was observing Cassie.

If she really intended to do something in secret, and his decision to stay behind put a wrench in her plans, now would be the perfect moment for her to act.

And, indeed, after some time passed…

Cassie did.

**********


                                Chapter 1552 Lifeboat
--------------------
'What is she doing?'

Laying in the darkness while pretending to sleep, Sunny suppressed the desire to frown. Cassie had left the runic circle, picked up the Guiding Light, and slowly walked across the deck. As she did, a hurricane of white sparks rose around her, slowly forming into a humanoid figure. It was the echo of the Defiled sybil she had received in Fallen Grace. The eerie thing had survived Twilight, although just barely. Now, her wounds were healed. Even her flowing red dress mended itself, as did her veil. The Echo followed the blind seer, the hem of her red garment hovering a couple centimeters above the ancient wood. Just like always, her movements were too smooth to be the result of walking. Sunny had seen what was hiding behind that dress once, and he never wanted to see it again. Nevertheless, he continued watching. By then, Cassie had passed the sacred tree and was most of the way to the bow of the ship, near Ananke's ketch. She did not, however, proceed any further. Stopping near the ketch, she silently gave a command to her Echo. Soon, the boat was lowered into the water. The masts were affixed in their grooves, and the sails were raised. Gliding down with the help of the Quiet Dancer, Cassie took a seat at the helmsman's bench and summoned a different Memory. It was a wooden staff she had used on the Forgotten Shore — one of the three Memories from her First Nightmare. The Endless Spring was now with Sunny, the Evertwine was with Nephis, and only the staff remained in Cassie's own soul arsenal. Its enchantment was capable of summoning wind. Aiming the staff at the sails of the ketch, Cassie activated the enchantment and sent the boat moving away from the Chain Breaker. Sunny's shadow, of course, was already hiding under one of the masts. Back in his cabin, Sunny continued to pretend to be asleep. The night was silent, with only the sound of waves breaking against the hull of the Chain Breaker disturbing the quiet. The water glowed softly, and bathed in that glow, Ananke's ketch was slowly traveling along the shore of the frozen land. '...Goddammit.'

Although Sunny was more or less certain that Cassie was hiding something, he had hoped to be proven wrong until the very last moment. However, he had been right all along. "You mean I was right."

The grating voice of the Sin of Solace sounded like thunder in the silence. Sunny refused to react, knowing that Cassie was most likely perceiving the world through his senses. As long as he kept his eyes closed and controlled his breathing and heartbeat, though, she had no way of knowing that he was awake. Because she could only share the senses of those marked by her Ability, not read their thoughts. "That's the question though, is it?"

The sword wraith laughed. "Am I just a figment of your imagination, or am I more real than you give me credit for? If it's the former, then I am merely a thought construct, and Cassie has no way of knowing of my presence. She said so herself, back on Aletheia's Island. But… can anything she said be trusted? Because if she does hear me, then your little performance was just rendered useless. Oh… sorry."

Sitting in the ketch, Cassie showed no sign of having heard what the Sin of Solace said. And yet… by now, Sunny knew that she was a remarkable actress. Her effortless switch between her usual unassuming persona and the magnetic image of Dusk was proof. Could Cassie perceive the Sin of Solace, or not?

If not… then how had she become aware of the time loop on Aletheia's island? What was she trying to accomplish right now?

He forced himself to remain motionless, continuing to observe her. 'I'll wait until she is about to exit the range of Shadow Control before taking action.'

Sunny could control his shadows from a vast distance. It was also the maximum distance to which he could travel via Shadow Step. So, as long as Cassie remained within that range, he would be able to appear next to her in an instant. And by remaining passive, he would hopefully learn what secret Cassie was keeping, and what she was planning. Knowing that, he would be able to decide what to do. If she was going to leave the range at which he could reach her, though… then all bets were off. Sunny was not about to let Cassie put herself in danger, and just on the off chance that what she wanted to do could put the rest of the cohort in harm's way, he had to intervene as well. He had remained silent and tolerant of her for long enough. Today, on the eve of the decisive battle of this dreadful Nightmare, the truth would come out… one way or another. The ketch continued to sail along the shore of the icy island, surrounded by the beautifully glowing water. Up above, the night sky was impenetrably dark, hiding a numerous legions of slumbering horrors. Somewhere, not too far away, the abominable remains of Aletheia of the Nine were sprawling through the city of Verge, waiting to be destroyed by the challengers of the Tomb of Ariel…

Or infect their souls and bodies with seeds of Corruption, making them a part of her Defiled legion. Cassie sailed further and further away from the Chain Breaker, making Sunny feel grave. The Sin of Solace continued to whisper into his ear, spouting all kinds of vile accusations. Finally, to Sunny's indignation, he felt the sailboat was getting too far away. If he lingered any longer, the ketch would slip from his reach, cutting his connection to the shadow. So, taking a deep sigh, Sunny opened his eyes and dissolved into shadows. A moment later, he stepped out of them inside the ketch, standing a few meters away from Cassie. She was sitting on the helmsman's bench, accompanied by her Echo. Her face was illuminated by the soft radiance of the Guiding Light and the pale glow of the iridescent water. Sunny's face, meanwhile, was drowning in shadows. Letting out a sigh, Sunny looked at the blind girl and asked, his voice neutral:

"...Where are you going?"

**********


                                Chapter 1553 Shadow and Seer
--------------------
After asking the question, Sunny sat down on a bench across from Cassie. There they were, alone in a boat, just the two of them… or rather, the four of them. The Sin of Solace landed on the bench next to Sunny, a sinister smile twisting his lips. His face was hateful, just like always… of course, it was also the exact same face as Sunny's. Cassie was sitting on the helman's bench a few meters away from them, holding the steering oar. The Echo of the dead sybil was there, too, side by side with her. Since both were wearing flowing garments of vibrant red fabric, traditional for the priestesses of Fallen Grace, they looked quite similar too. The most visible difference between them was that Cassie's exquisite face was bare, while the monstrous Echo was wearing a veil. Cassie's beautiful blue eyes were full of life, as well, even though she was blind. The sybils's eyes, though, were eerily empty and devoid of life. Her hollow stare made shivers run down Sunny's spine — he felt that way every time he saw an Echo of a human. Granted, this one was made in the image of a human who had succumbed to the Defilement.

The four of them sat opposite each other, surrounded by invisible tension. Despite Sunny's sudden appearance, though, Cassie remained calm. She deactivated the enchantment of her wooden staff and lowered it, then said in an even voice:

"I thought you were asleep."

A faint smile appeared on Sunny's lips. "Did you?"

He had been reasonably sure that his small act had fooled the blind seer, but now that he saw her lack of reaction, a worm of doubt entered his mind. Had she known he was pretending all along? The Sin of Solace chuckled, staring at Cassie with hate and disdain in his gaze. "It seems that you've been played like a fiddle, pitiful worm. Even after all my warnings… gods, how frustrating! You should have struck this traitor down long ago. Just look at her… she must despise you just as much as I do!"

The corner of Sunny's mouth twitched, but he suppressed the desire to rebuke the sword wraith. That, however, only gave the apparition the opportunity to press his mocking tirade:

"You truly are a revolting creature, are you not? A lowly, despicable slave… and look, here is the woman who made you into a slave. She betrayed you once, and yet, you allowed the snake to warm her way back into your good graces. You have forgotten her sins, and as gratitude, the blind traitor is about to stab you in the back once again!"

At that point, Cassie took a deep breath. ...Then, she turned her head slightly, facing the Sin of Solace, and spoke, her voice trembling with long-suppressed anger:

"Can you shut your foul mouth, wretch? Who asked you to talk? Be quiet for once!"

Sunny was taken a little aback by that show of emotions.

The Sin of Solace stared at her vindictively, but did fall silent. A satisfied smile appeared on his face. Sunny smiled, too.

"So… you can perceive him, after all."

Cassie's mask of composure had finally cracked, revealing an ocean of emotion raging below. However, she regained that composure in a moment and scoffed, throwing a contemptuous glance at the sword wraith.

"So what if I can?"

Sunny shrugged. "You lied to me, though, on Aletheia's Island. When you said that you couldn't."

Cassie met his gaze without flinching. Her voice was even:

"...So what if I lied? Yes, I can perceive that insufferable wraith through you. I can also perceive your shadows, and what they see. What about it?"

He sighed. 'Damnation.'

So, he was wrong all along. Sunny had assumed that Cassie's Ascended Ability did not affect his shadows, since they were separate beings from him, and she did not have shadow sense. She had also never shown or acted upon the ability to mark his shadows. So, Sunny had been fooled. Played like a fool even.

He was still smiling, but that smile did not reach his eyes. "So you were aware that I had been watching you for the past few months."

She shrugged. "Sure."

If Cassie was aware that Sunny was suspicious of her… then the situation was completely different from how he imagined it to be. Not only would she have been able to hide her secrets from him, but even the things she had shown him had been shown of purpose. Like the chamber with the well and the countless journals stored in a runic chest. Knowing that his shadows were watching her, Cassie would only be able to act freely if she was outside the range of Shadow Control. That was why she wanted to stay behind while Sunny joined the scouting teams…

His pupils widened slightly. 'No…'

If Cassie had known that he was suspicious of her… she would have known that he would refuse to leave her alone on the Chain Breaker, as well. They were too familiar with each other for her to fail predicting that action of his. Which meant that the blind seer's true purpose was not to remain alone on the flying ship…

Instead, it was for the two of them to remain there together, away from the other members of the cohort. And he had done exactly what she wanted him to do.

Suddenly, a hint of a strange and cold emotion settled in Sunny's heart. Was it… fear?

Yes, it was. It was the fear of fighting a battle of schemes against a powerful oracle. Cassie might not have been the strongest of them in a direct confrontation, but being caught in a net of schemes and manipulation that someone who could see the future had created…

Was, honestly, nothing short of terrifying.

Sunny deemed himself a master of deceit and manipulation. There was only one person he had met who could truly be considered a fearsome adversary in that field — Mordret.

But now, he was quickly reconsidering that statement. Actually, there was another contender among them.

And that newcomer was perhaps the most fearsome of the three. Looking at the blind, who remained calm and composed, Sunny leaned back and asked, his tone relaxed:

"So, why did you want to see me alone, Cassie?"

He lingered for a moment and then added, his voice remaining even:

"...Or should I call you Torment?"

**********


                                Chapter 1554 Familiar Face
--------------------
The words had been said, echoing in the beautiful darkness of the glowing night. Devoid of the wind, the sails of the ketch fell down. The boat slowly came to a stop, drifting in the current. Cassie remained silent for a few moments, as motionless as the Echo of the Defiled sybil sitting by her side. Then, she asked, her voice tinged with a hint of amusement:

"Should I call you the Mad Prince, then?"

As Sunny's expression changed, she chuckled lightly. "Gods… come now. I know that you only asked that question to probe me for a reaction, but how does it make sense? I'm not Torment."

Sunny frowned, disappointed at the fact that he had not been able to get more out of Cassie. He was considering his next question silently when she turned to face her Echo and said, throwing his thoughts into disarray:

"She is."

He froze, stunned by those words. Then, Sunny slowly moved his gaze to the silent Echo. The red garment, the empty gaze, the veil hiding her face…

'How?'

Back when they met in Fallen Grace, Cassie said that she come to possess this Echo after slaying the sybil who had succumbed to the Defilement on the day of her entering the Nightmare. The two looked alike, true… but both Sunny and Nephis simply assumed that it was because both the slain woman and Dusk had been sybils ruling the same city. The Echo was too eerie and revolting, making Sunny unwilling to learn what was hiding behind the red veil. Therefore, he had never tried to look at the creature's face. The most he had done was glance at its weave, but even then, most of his attention had been focused on the artificial Echo created by the enchanters of Clan Valor — the long destroyed blade mannequin. Now, however…

Cassie raised her hand and pulled on the Echo's veil, removing it. Underneath it, an exquisitely beautiful face was revealed… one identical to her own, but devoid of life. The Echo of the sybil… of Torment… was hollow and expressionless, like all Echoes were. There was a subtle expression on Cassie's face, though. A strange mix of revulsion, sorrow, and even a hint of tenderness. It was not every day that one chanced to look upon a soulless copy of their own dead self, after all. Gears were spinning in Sunny's head at impossible speed, trying to digest the stunning revelation of the eerie Echo's true nature. 'Torment… is dead.'

She had been dead all along. Of course, he had suspected that something like that was the case. That suspicion was a recent one, and had only entered his mind after they landed near Verge. Sunny could not accept that the fearsome oracle of the Defilement was not aware of their approach. It would have been fine if it was just Mordret and him, wearing Weaver's Mask — both of them could hide themselves from divination. But the other members of the cohort had no defense against those who were attuned to fate, which made any attempts at hiding useless. Nevertheless, the Chain Breaker had not been ambushed as it left the black void. The forces of the Defilement had not descended upon them once they reached the vast island of ice, either. It was as though Torment had somehow been prevented them from acting against them… or was not in Verge at all. Which was strange, considering that she had successfully gotten rid of the Dread Lord and was supposed to be the new tyrant of Defiled City.

He contemplated the thought that the Mad Prince had schemed against the Last Plague, as well.

But the truth was much more stunning. Cassie had never received an Echo for slaying the Defiled sybil. There was no Echo of a sybil…

He shivered. Why keep it a secret, then? Instead, she had received this Echo for slaying Torment herself. Cassie had killed her Defiled copy long before Sunny and Nephis even arrived at Fallen Grace. He shivered. Why keep it a secret, then? Cassie studied the Echo's face for a while, then sighed and turned away. After a short pause, she said in a slightly stifled tone:

"I… suggest you don't look her in the eyes for too long. It's rather unpleasant."

The Sin of Solace hurriedly looked away.

Sunny slowly gathered his thoughts, still reeling from the shock. He was struggling to grasp the new information… it was too staggering, changing everything he had known about the Nightmare. Eventually, he asked, his voice even:

"...When?"

Cassie shrugged.

"It was… about six months after I became Dusk, I think? Of course, that was not the first time we met, just the last."

Sunny remembered the chamber hidden under the Temple of Dusk, with a breach in its floor leading to the depths of the Great River. Was that how Torment had entered Fallen Grace and come into contact with Cassie? Was that where they had fought, and where the Defiled oracle died?

But how could it be possible? How could Cassie have defeated a harrowing Plague alone, despite all the time Torment should have had to accumulate power and information to prepare for their eventual clash?

Staring at two identical, beautiful faces — one familiar and full of life, the other alien and empty — he suddenly felt very uncomfortable. "Can you… put that veil back on?"

He hated human Echoes, and he hated to see the Echo of one of his closest friends even more. Looking at the soulless copy of Torment was like looking at Cassie's corpse, which made him feel disgusted.

The blind girl hesitated for a moment, then put the veil back on, hiding the Echo's face behind it. Torment's empty eyes, however, remained visible, staring at Sunny without any emotion. Cassie sighed. "At least… she is at peace now. That is a mercy."

Sunny shifted his gaze, studied her for a few moments, and then asked his next question:

"How?"

The blind girl smiled. "How else? Of course, it was arranged by the Mad Prince."

She fell silent for a second, and then added, her voice wistful:

"...By the Mad Prince and Torment herself, to be precise. The two of them, you see, were behind all of this together."

**********


                                Chapter 1555 Partners in Crime
--------------------
1555 Partners in Crime

The ketch was drifting in the current, slowly being pulled toward the icy shore. Cassie remained motionless on the helmsman's bench, her hand resting on the steering oar's handle. Her unseeing gaze was distant.

After a while, she sighed.

"I guess I should explain it from the start."

A crooked smile appeared on Sunny's face.

"That would certainly be nice… considering that you have arranged for this moment for that exact purpose."

By then, he had plenty of time to realize that Cassie had manipulated the events of the previous days for the exact purpose of having this conversation this Sunny away from the ears of their companions.

Why? What did she want to achieve? And why now, just before the final battle of this Nightmare?

Did they have to talk alone because the Mad Prince and Torment had orchestrated this entire cycle of the Great River alone?

He was about to find out.

Sunny felt a lot of pressure drain from his heart, knowing that Torment was gone and the only obstacle between the cohort and salvation was the harrowing, but mindless First Seeker. But, at the same time, he was on edge because of what was happening between him and Cassie.

The ease with which she was revealing her secrets was… ominous.

The blind girl remained silent for a moment, then picked up the Guiding Light and rested it on her shoulder, the light of the radiant crystal affixed to its top illuminating her face.

"I did not lie when I said that I only saw darkness in my visions after entering the Nightmare."

Sunny shifted slightly.

'Why is she bringing that up?'

Cassie smiled.

"However, that was not because of the nature of the Tomb of Ariel itself. Rather, my inability to perceive its secrets was engineered by Torment. My abilities were suppressed with the help of a sorcerous item. You should be able to guess what that item was."

Sunny's eyes narrowed. An image appeared in his memory… the image of golden shackles wrapped around Cassie's hands, connected by a golden chain.

The chain she had broken before leaving Fallen Grace.

The blind girl nodded.

"Yes. Those shackles were worn by Dusk, and therefore, they were on my wrists the moment I entered the Nightmare. Dusk had not created the suppression enchantment, though… instead, it was Torment. She had countless years to prepare for my eventual return, after all."

Sunny raised an eyebrow, his gaze turning grim:

"Why break them, then?"

Cassie shrugged.

"Because I needed to, in order to survive what was to come. Aletheia's Island, Twilight… we would not have made it out alive if my powers were crippled. So, it was worth the risk. Plus, the visions come to me in my dreams. And your Shadow, Nightmare, has been destroying my dreams one after another. So, I was safe from learning the truth of the Estuary as long as we were together."

She paused for a moment and continued, her voice growing quieter:

"My past self — one who was destined to become Torment — did not have that luxury, though. In her own cycle, she managed to create the suppression enchantment to protect herself from the truth. But she knew that the Mad Prince was coming for her, and she could not escape him."

A strange smile appeared on her face.

"Then again, she wasn't planning to. She did, however, create several countermeasures to achieve her goals even after her soul and sanity were consumed by Corruption."

Cassie pointed at the silent Echo sitting by her side.

"This Echo is not very powerful, you see. Because most of Torment's power simply cannot be used by an Echo. Her power has to do with memories, with remembering and forgetting... something that Echoes aren't capable of. So, she put restrictions into her own mind, turning herself into a broken person who acted according to a set of predetermined choices. Almost as if creating a crude, miniature version of fate."

She shook her head.

"Of course, that alone was not enough to escape the madness of Corruption. No matter how well she prepared, the Defilement was going to turn her into a being who could not be controlled. Unless, of course, she received help from the Mad Prince, who was able to preserve a fragment of his humanity thanks to that loathsome wraith of yours. With his help, she could truly turn her Defiled self into an instrument of her will."

Sunny shifted slightly and asked, his voice full of doubt:

"And how did they accomplish that? How could a Defiled Saint be controlled?"

Cassie faced him and remained silent for a few moments, then smiled.

"How else? By making the Dread Lord use his authority against her, of course. The Mad Prince added fuel to the paranoia the tyrant of Verge felt toward Torment, and then put the idea of what commands to give her into his mind. Therefore, two of the Plagues became capable of resisting their vile natures, to a degree. And thus, Torment and the Mad Prince became perfect conspirators."

She moved the steering oar slightly, turning the ketch so that its bow faced the nearing shore of the ice island.

"After the Plagues reached the Estuary and used it to invade the next cycle of the Great River, the two of them meticulously prepared the playing field for the arrival of us, the new challengers. Eventually, the Mad Prince trapped two of the Plagues on Aletheia's Island, and two more in Twilight. Then, he finished the Key of the Estuary and entered the Source, becoming you."

Sunny looked at her somberly, then shifted his gaze and glanced at the Echo of Torment.

"Why didn't Torment do the same, then? Why remain and come into contact with you? Why attack you, forcing you to kill her?"

Cassie's expression turned cold.

She lingered for a while, then smiled darkly.

"The Mad Prince had to enter the Source to make sure that you possess the Key of the Estuary at the start of the Nightmare, thus protecting you from the truth harbored by the Sin of Solace. Perhaps he could have created a Memory that contained both the suppression enchantment and the enchantment that would allow it to be transferred to me at the start of the cycle. But… one of the two had to stay behind."

**********


                                Chapter 1556 Dangerous Knowledge
--------------------
1556 Dangerous Knowledge

Shadows suddenly danced across Cassie's beautiful face as she lowered the Guiding Light.

"That was because Torment had a message to deliver to me, so that her wish could be fulfilled. And that message could only be delivered face-to-face."

She took a deep breath.

"So, she infiltrated Fallen Grace and modified the shackles that bound Dusk. She also wrote an accord of what happened in the previous cycles and left it for me to read. Finally, she crawled into the Temple of Dusk and met me, delivering the message."

Cassie's voice turned cold, and her expression became ruthless:

"However, she was still a Defiled. And, unlike the Mad Prince, she did not have a whisper of Ariel to keep her from losing all of her humanity. All she had was a cruel weave of restrictions and commands to push her toward the desired outcome, and that weave was not flawless."

She looked at Sunny without any humor in her eyes.

"So, after completing the mission of delivering her message to me, she instantly attempted to consume me. She was still being held back by the authority of the Dread Lord, though, and so… she died by my hand, instead."

There was silence for a while. The ketch reached the shore of the icy island and scraped against it, coming to a stop.

Sunny stared at Cassie, his thoughts in turmoil.

'So… she knew everything, all along.'

It took him a long time to learn the truth about the Great River, the Source and the Estuary, the Six Plagues and their connection to the members of the cohort, and the purpose behind the schemes of the Mad Prince.

Of the Mad Prince and Torment, to be precise. The two Defiled horrors were partners in crime… in more than one sense. Even though Torment was barely a living being, from what Cassie had told him, her mind shattered and her will chained by the restrictions of her own creation and the authority of the Dread Lord.

In a sense… Sunny had been right. The Mad Prince had indeed a plan in place to remove Torment from the cohort's path. She had been used and discarded, sent to be slaughtered by Cassie in Fallen Grace. He did not doubt for a moment that the outcome of their fight had been calculated by the vile madman in advance.

The only thing he was not sure about was if Torment knew about it and went to her death willingly… or at least as much as she had been capable of exercising her broken will.

There were numerous questions on his mind, but two of them were the most important.

What was the message Torment had to deliver?

And why had Cassie not shared her knowledge with the cohort?

'The answer to the second question should be evident, by now.'

Whether Cassie intended to or not, she had let it slip. When she told him about the version of her from the previous cycle — the one that had eventually become Torment, turned into a Defiled abomination by the previous version of him — she said that the Cassie of the past had never intended to escape the Defilement.

That she had known what the future Mad Prince was planning, and allowed herself to be infected with the Defilement by him despite that.

Which meant… that Cassie had been scheming long before that happened. That she had needed to be Defiled, for some reason. Before escaping Corruption come the next cycle.

He gritted his teeth.

"So… you knew all along, and kept quiet? You did not share any of that knowledge with us, acting surprised when we learned the dreadful truths of this Nightmare? Did you not think, at least once… that maybe it would be good for us to know what we were getting ourselves into, before plunging ourselves into the sea of danger and suffering?!"

Cassie faced him calmly.

"Why? Because sharing my knowledge has worked so well in the past? Sure, Sunny. You of all people should know how dangerous knowledge is, what knowing something that you aren't supposed to know can do, and what revealing secrets can destroy."

She turned away.

"What would have changed if I told you? We would have still needed to go to Aletheia's Island. We would have still needed to go to Twilight. Sure, we could have prepared better for what was waiting for us ahead… but I am not omniscient. I only know that much. Would it have made a difference? Or would it have just made us complacent and arrogant, leading to our deaths?"

The blind girl smiled sadly.

"Most of all, would any of our preparations have been more thorough than what the Mad Prince and Torment had already prepared for us?"

She shook her head.

"So, I think I will keep my knowledge to myself. That way, at least, I won't be blamed for the decisions the rest of you make, when you make them."

Sunny laughed bitterly and stared at her, his eyes full of dark amusement.

"Oh… now you decide to keep your knowledge to yourself. Good, good. It's just a pity that you couldn't do the same on the Forgotten Shore, before turning me into a damned slave!"

He had not planned to bring the distant past up, but hearing Cassie say those words, all of the resentment he had buried in his heart suddenly flooded to the surface.

Perhaps it was not unexpected, though. All this time, Sunny had hated the fact that he was made a slave by Nephis. Nephis had not used that power against him, so that hatred of his was more of an abstract thing, born from the fear of what could potentially happen.

Not that it made it invalid.

Recently, however, the situation had changed. The harm Shadow Bond was doing him had turned from abstract to very real. Its existence was the thing that stood between him and Nephis like an impregnable wall, making the idea of them having a future together seem beyond reach.

That was what Cassie had taken from him, as well.

**********


                                Chapter 1557 Terrifying Existence
--------------------
Cassie turned sharply and stared at him, her mask of composure barely holding. "You… you know why I did what I did. I was young and naive, back then. Stupid, and helpless. I… know better now."

Sunny raised his hands and clapped them, applauding her. "Good for you! Really. What stunning growth. But…"

He lingered for a few moments, and then said through gritted teeth:

"But, you know… you never even apologized for taking my freedom away. So, I guess, you aren't that burdened by having done that."

She flinched. The cold winds rose, making the sails of the ketch flutter. Nevertheless, it stayed in place, its bow lodged into the icy shore of the desolate land.

Cassie remained silent for a while. Then, she said, her voice trembling slightly:

"But... I did. I did apologize."

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"Somehow, I don't remember. And I would have remembered something like that. When did you ever apologize for what you had done to me?"

The blind girl hesitated for a few moments, and then said quietly:

"It was… right after we escaped from the Soul Devourer. When we were sailing across the dark sea on the boat Nephis made."

Stunned, Sunny stared at her for a few moments. Then, his face was twisted by a grimace of anger. "What? What the hell did you say? You apologized… in advance? Almost an entire year before we stormed the Crimson Spire? What kind of crap is that?! Does it make sense, in that twisted little head of yours?!" Subjected to his anger, Cassie lowered her head. Then, however, a cold expression appeared on her face. She looked up, facing him again. "Sure… yes, Sunny. You're right. That was cowardly of me."

A fragile smile appeared on her face. "But what is the worth of saying sorry? It wouldn't have changed anything. Words are worthless. If someone is truly sorry, they should express it through their actions, don't you think?"

Sunny chuckled. "And what have you done to redeem your mistake? Huh? What can you even do? It can't be undone!"

Cassie remained silent for a while, and then suddenly pierced him with a fierce gaze. Even though he knew that she could not see, at that moment, Sunny did not remember it. Her voice was a little hoarse when she spoke:

"...Says who?"

He was slightly taken aback. Glancing at her with a frown, Sunny raised an eyebrow. "What do you mean?"

Cassie smiled bitterly. "Who says that it can't be undone? Who says that it's impossible?"

She shook her head.

"So what if it's impossible? I'll do it anyway."

Sunny stared at her in bewilderment. "What the hell are you talking about?"

Cassie raised her hands and rubbed her wrists, where the golden shackles had once been. "What else? I am talking about breaking fate, Sunny. Wasn't that what you wanted to do, too? Wasn't that your entire goal, too? I wish to break fate, as well."

She lowered her head for a moment, then said quietly:

"Everything I've done… everything I've endured… it was all for this. For this moment. It's so impossibly hard, to break fate. No matter how fiercely you attack it, it strikes back with ten times the might. My True Name, Song of the Fallen… it means that I am destined to witness the fates of others, and carry the memories of them long after they are gone. To be a witness, powerless to change what I see. Well… I refuse. I don't want a fate like that, at all."

Then, a faint smile bloomed on her delicate face. "It is impossible to break fate with a strike, but what about a thousand strikes? Ten thousand strikes? If each one of them damages its tapestry a little bit, misaligns its strings by a tiny fraction, obstructs its flow by a miniscule amount… then, put together, they can tear fate apart. One just needs a sharp enough weapon."

Cassie faced Sunny, allowing him to look her in the eye.

"I… intend to give you a chance to become such a weapon, Sunny."

Suddenly, he felt a chill run down his spine.

The bad premonition he had felt was back, making him tense with fright. "What… what did you do? What did you do, Cassie?"

She shrugged. "What did I do? This and that. Some of it was easy, and some of it was hard. All of it, though… all of it was almost unbearable. Is unbearable. But not for long, now. Because I'm about to be free of that burden."

Sunny stared at her, his eyes slowly widening. Suddenly, he saw many of Cassie's actions in a new light. And the implication of what he saw was so vast and terrifying that it made him shudder. "You… you planned it all from the start… didn't you?"

She smiled softly, then shook her head. "Not all of it. It's impossible to plan for all of it. I might know a lot, and see a lot, but I am not omniscient, Sunny. The trick, though, is to plan enough of it so that when the unexpected happens, it could still become a part of the plan."

He looked aside, distracted by the glow of the Guiding Light.

"You've been manipulating the events of this cycle all along. That time in the drowned temple… I failed to discover the hidden compartment where the sacred relic was hidden, so you did it for me. Wait… no!"

As Cassie looked at him with a faint smile, Sunny paled. "It was… it started long before the Nightmare. During the battle where the seven Saints came together, you manipulated the battle formation… so that I could finish off the Defiled Seeker of Truth…"

He stopped talking as a shiver ran through his body. "No… even before that…"

When had it started?

When had Cassie begin to weave her grandiose plan, manipulating everyone, from the Fire Keepers following her to the leaders of the Great Clans, into doing her bidding?

An powerful oracle… was indeed a terrifying existence.

Especially one as ambitious, but at the same time quiet and unnoticeable, as Cassie had turned out to be. Finally, Sunny looked at her, utterly stunned. His expression was frozen.

"It… it was…"

Even saying it aloud was difficult, each word immeasurably heavy because of the weight of all the implications.

"...It was back on the Chained Isles. When I came to you, intending to recruit you to challenge the Second Nightmare together. And you told me that you received a vision of us dying in the winter. You have already been planning for today, all the way back then."

**********


                                Chapter 1558 First Thread
--------------------
Sunny stared at Cassie, struggling to believe how deep the roots of her mysterious scheme went. He noted recently that the blind girl's personality changed drastically after the cruel words he had thrown at her at the underground level of the Academy's medical complex, right after the Forgotten Shore.

That was when she had begun to weave her spiderweb, most likely. Looking at the young woman sitting across from him, meeting his gaze with dark and defiant pride, he felt a chill running down his spine. '...Which one of us is worthy of being called the heir of Weaver, even?'

Cassie had just as high of an affinity to fate as him, after all, if not higher. He took a deep breath, feeling stifled. "Yes… it was back then. Looking back, it didn't make a lot of sense, did it? You had just been burned by blindly believing a vision of yours, to catastrophic results. And yet, you seemed to not question the validity of us dying come winter, even though that vision of yours could only be called vague, at best."

Cassie had seen the two of them falling into a bottomless abyss, surrounded by snow. She told Sunny that they would die in the winter… but, in the end, the events of that vision happened in November, when the Night Temple was destroyed in a terrible battle between Sky Tide and Saint Cormac. "You already knew that it did not mean our deaths. And yet, you made me think otherwise. But… why?"

Cassie remained silent, but Sunny's eyes widened, a flash of frightening understanding illuminating his restless mind. "It… it was because I was planning to challenge the Second Nightmare in the winter. But you needed me to move the plan forward, and aim to reach the Seed in the Ivory Tower by the end of autumn. What changed because I listened to your vision and adjusted the timing of the expedition?"

A dark, dangerous light ignited in the depths of his eyes. Sunny gasped.

"Because Saint Cormac… was away from the Night Temple until the end of autumn. Which meant that he wouldn't have been able to stop Mordret from escaping his cage!"

Cassie shifted slightly, continued to face him without saying anything. But she did not need to… once Sunny pulled on the thread, the tangled web of her hidden actions started to unravel itself. All he needed to do to understand all of it — or at least most of it — was to continue pulling. Remembering the horrid agony the two of them endured in the Night Temple, side by side, Sunny shuddered and felt rage fuel his veins. "You... knew about Mordret all along. You must have learned of his existence before he even learned of yours, when you were anchored at the Night Temple — even though neither you nor your cohort were allowed to enter the inner parts of the Citadel. Later, you left for the Sanctuary and then went on an expedition to reclaim a sapling of the sacred tree… knowing that I would come to you, and carry the mirror shard that would allow that bastard to escape to the doorstep of his jail."

Sunny and Cassie had come very close to dying in the cage of the Valor's secretive Citadel. Knowing that she had expected the mad prince of the great clan to escape, and for them to be embroiled in the horror that followed his release, made it all seem even more disturbing. Sunny remained silent for a few moments, stunned by the ruthlessness with which Cassie had treated herself. By then, he had already been an Awakened Monster, and armed with the power of his Divine Aspect, he had a much easier time surviving the imprisonment in the Night Temple. She, however, did not possess multiple soul cores or an Aspect that could augment her endurance and resilience, so Cassie had suffered much more in that cage.

Shaking his head in stunned silence, he said quietly:

"You wanted Mordret to escape… why did you want him to be free?"

There were all kinds of answers to this question. The most obvious one was that Cassie had needed the cohort to enter the Second Nightmare sooner rather than later, and do it in the company of the Prince of Nothing, as well. The very fact of his escape had put a crack in the potential relationship Sunny could have had with the great clan Valor… putting him in conflict with them at the moment when Nephis returned to the waking world. Which, in turn, pushed her into accepting their terms and becoming an adopted daughter of Valor. There were numerous other consequences of that single event Cassie had helped happen, spreading outward into the future. Mordret was a singular existence, so the fact that he was free to roam the two worlds had changed too much, from the events of the Second Nightmare to the conclusion of the war the great clans had waged in Antarctica. Which of these events had been planned by Cassie? Which had been mere coincidences? Which were coincidences that she had nimbly incorporated into her grand design, adapting to the changing circumstances with stunning speed?

Just like she had perceived and calculated numerous futures with incredible speed while fighting the Defiled sybil in the drowned temple. It was impossible to tell. Cassie's design was a bit like the tapestry of fate, which she claimed to wish to destroy. The details could change or be influenced by unforeseen circumstances, but these sudden twists were only minor disturbances in the flow she willed into existence. The currents changed, but the direction of the tide always remained the same, pulling everything it touched to an unchanging conclusion. All Sunny could do was determine the points in time when Cassie had influenced the events openly, and try to gleam her purpose from that. He rose from his sit and walked to the bow of the ketch, unable to remain in place. His mind was too tumultuous for that. 'Incredible...'

**********


                                Chapter 1559  Thousand Cuts
--------------------
"Mordret, Mordret… you remained pretty passive in the Second Nightmare, didn't you? The only time you shared your knowledge of the future with me… was to tell me that he couldn't be allowed to enter the Ivory Tower."

Sunny hesitated for a moment, then smiled crookedly:

"But then, what you really wanted to achieve was not preventing him from entering the Ivory Tower, was it? It was making sure that he entered the Ebony Tower instead, and collected whatever it was that Nether had left there. By telling me that one sentence, you achieved exactly that."

He felt as if the ground was disappearing from beneath his feet. What had happened to Mordret in the Ebony Tower? The Prince of Nothing had not shared that information completely, but he did mention that after leaving it, he was much harder to find with the help of divination. The strange, vague symbols Sunny had seen on Mordret's soul core were the result of that. Why would Cassie want the bastard to be resistant to her power? To make sure that Soul Stealer could go against Torment? Or simply to ensure that Valor would not be able to track their exile prince before the time was right? Or for something that would happen in the future?

What else? What else had Cassie done, subtly manipulating the events of the past years?

Was it a coincidence that the two of them had met Morgan at the Academy on the day that Nephis returned from her Second Nightmare? Surely, no. That was why Sunny had been there the moment she woke up, to welcome her back. Nephis then spent a month living in his house, then announced her decision to join Valor at the ball… making him leave in anger and enlist for the Southern Campaign. Which was why he was present in the Antarctic Center during the battle against the Remnant of the Jade Queen, and received the Sin of Solace.

Later, Cassie helped him escape the endless tunnel by sending him toward the Heart of Darkness. She also manipulated the battle against the immense horde of Nightmare Creatures as Morgan's adviser, making sure that Sunny was in the right place, at the right time, to deal the final blow to the Fallen Titan, Defiled Seeker of Truth, and therefore received the Mirror of Truth from it.

Finally, she was there at the Battle of the Black Skull, without a doubt knowing what would happen. She was in the Nightmare Desert, as well, eventually entering the Nightmare of the Great River with the six other powerful Masters — Sunny, Nephis, Mordret, Kai, Effie, and Jet.

And these instances were only what Sunny could remember, and had experienced personally. There was no telling how many strings Cassie had really pulled from behind the curtain, how many people she had influenced, and how many coincidences she had engineered to arrange for everything to happen in accordance with her wishes. The scale of the brilliant web she had woven was nothing short of astonishing... and terrifying. Of course, it was impossible to say that she was solely responsible for how these events had happened. Fate flowed, pulling everyone with its current, after all… and even if the details were to change, Sunny was pretty sure that he would have ended up in Antarctica one way or another. Nephis would have probably ended up siding with Valor, one way or another. The Chain of Nightmare would have happened no matter what Cassie could have done. Song and Valor would have clashed, hiding their war on the battlefields of the Southern Quadrant.

But that was precisely what Cassie was doing, wasn't it? Pulling on the strings of fate ever so minutely, compared to the grand scale of the inconceivable tapestry, and pushing toward her goal through these insignificant changes. One change had no meaning. Two changes had no weight, as well… but a thousand? Ten thousand? By altering the details of countless inevitable events ever so slightly, she was creating a chain reaction of changes, which grew like an avalanche, threatening to alter the entire flow of the river of fate… the flow that was supposed to be unchangeable.

Could it work?

Sunny was not sure.

He felt like some of the changes Cassie had caused were more important than others, though. The Sin of Solace and the Mirror of Truth, these two Memories… somehow, he felt that they were the key to Cassie's intent. There was no need to explain the significance of the Sin of Solace. That Memory, containing the whisper of the builder of the Tomb, was perhaps the most important piece at play here, in the Third Nightmare. It was responsible for creating the Mad Prince, after all… and therefore introducing a variable into the endlessly repeating cycles of the Great River. A single variable that introduced utter chaos to the entire system. The Mirror of Truth was also very significant. Not only because its runes described a conversation between Weaver and Ariel, but also because it was the sole instrument that could allow someone to replicate Neph's [Longing] Ability, thus making them immune to Corruption for a short period of time. The First Seeker was a vast source of Corruption, which Aletheia had been plagued by after learning the truth of the Estuary. Sunny did not need to think long to understand how important the Mirror of Truth was. Still… none of it really explained what exactly Cassie was planning, and what she meant by saying that Sunny could become a weapon to destroy fate.

There were a million questions on his mind, but he threw them all away, looking at the beautiful young woman with a somber expression. After a bit of silence, Sunny said hoarsely:

"You don't seem to be denying any of it."

Cassie shrugged. "Why should I deny it?"

She faced him, then closed her eyes suddenly, letting out a long sigh. "Honestly, it's a relief. I've been keeping it all to myself for too long, so… it's refreshing, to be able to share it with someone. To be witnessed by someone. Maybe it's selfish, but I… am glad that you finally figured it out, Sunny."

His face remained motionless.

'She's happy, huh…'

Well, he couldn't say that he did not understand. It felt nice, to be witnessed. Still…

Sunny looked at Cassie with a dark expression and asked, his tone devoid of any emotion:

"Well then, tell me, Cassie… what is it that you want? How exactly are you planning to break fate? What is the answer?"

She lingered for a moment and then smiled faintly.

"Simple, really. It's…"

Cassie faced him and finished, her calm voice full of cold, confident determination:

"It's the Well of Wishes."

**********


                                Chapter 1560 Freedom of Choice
--------------------
1560 Freedom of Choice

"...The Well of Wishes."

Sunny stared at Cassie with an incredulous expression, struggling to understand what her words meant.

'What is she talking…'

Then, his face changed slightly, a hint of confusion and ridicule appearing in his eyes.

"The… the children's story? The fairy tale about a magical well that grants the most precious wish of anyone who reaches it? Are you… are you out of your mind?"

Sunny took a step back, barely avoiding falling out of the ketch. His mind was full of bewilderment and disbelief.

"Come… come on! You can't possibly be serious! You don't believe that it's true, do you?!"

That was the fairy tale Ananke had told him, not long before her death. Sunny remembered it well… but he had never expected to hear Cassie, someone so smart and pragmatic, put her hopes in a children's story about a magic well!

The blind seer, however, did not seem affected by his ridiculing tone. She faced Sunny calmly, her face somber.

After a while, Cassie gritted her teeth and said, her voice steady:

"It might not be true for anyone else. But it's true for you, Sunny. If you reach the Estuary… your wish to be free will come true. Free of your bond, free to live your life the way you want. Free of fate itself."

She lingered for a moment, then rose to her feet, too, and walked closer, stopping a mere step away from him.

"But, Sunny… you can't have both. You can reach the Estuary from here, but once the Nightmare is over, your chance will be gone. The moment Nephis destroys the First Seeker, your chance would have slipped away."

She smiled bitterly and raised the Guiding Light, offering it to him.

"That was what you were truly angry about, wasn't it? That I took the choice away from you."

Cassie pushed the sacred relic into his hands and took a step back.

"Well, here it is. Instead of an empty apology. I am giving the choice back to you. You can leave and rush to the Estuary… the Guiding Light will show you the way through the mists of the Source, as long as you don't give another True Name to it. Once you reach the Estuary, use the Mirror of Truth and push to its heart. There… you will find your freedom."

She turned away, lingered for a moment, and then added in a quiet voice:

"But… I hope that you make a different choice. That you will stay with us, despite everything. Nephis, I, and the others… are we so terrible? Is it really that unbearable, to share a bond, if it's based on trust? I think you know by now that it's not. What is unbearable is not having been given a choice about forming that bond, and now, even though the connection between you and her will remain the same… it will be there because you have chosen for it to exist. So… you decide. That right is yours, again."

Sunny stared at her silently, entirely shaken. His mind felt empty, as if all thoughts had been banished from it by this sudden revelation.

"No… no, wait a minute. What do you mean, it's it true for me? I can get rid of Shadow Bond if I reach the Estuary? How? What is in there, at its heart?"

Cassie frowned a little, then shook her head.

"I don't know, exactly. What I do know, without a shadow of a doubt, is that my words are true. If you reach the very heart of the Estuary before the Nightmare ends, you will become free from fate. You will be fateless. The strings that hold you like a puppet will set you free, and your connection to Nephis will be broken as a result. I saw it, and Torment saw it as well."

He frowned.

"P… preposterous! Plus, doesn't it sound exactly like what killed Nephis the last time? The Mad Prince, he… he was… he was obsessed with reaching the Estuary…"

Suddenly, his eyes widened. He thought he understood now why his versions from the previous cycles had all ended up entering the Source in search of the Estuary. If there was indeed a way to break free from the cruel grasp of fate that had been hidden at the heart of the black pyramid by the Demon of Dread…

Then Sunny, obsessed with regaining his freedom as he was, would have given his all to find it.

The actions performed by all his previous selves only served to give credence to what Cassie had said.

But that was also why Nephis had died in the cycle that birthed the Mad Prince.

The blind girl, however, shook her head.

"The Mad Prince had entered the Estuary in search of his freedom, but failed to resist the Defilement and became Corrupted instead. Thus, the endless cycles continued. This cycle, though, was engineered by Torment and him specifically to make sure that all members of the cohort survive. Whether you find the Estuary or not, there are mere days left before Nephis storms Verge and kills the First Seeker. The end… is already inevitable."

Sunny raised a trembling hand and rubbed his face, dazed.

"But… how can I leave? Verge, the First Seeker… won't the cohort need me for the battle? Torment is there, as well… no, wait… she's dead."

Without Torment, Verge had been left without a leader. The First Seeker was a harrowing force, but also a mindless one. It could not lead the creatures Corrupted by its touch… which was why Fallen Grace had not been destroyed in all these years, most likely.

The level of the threat presented by Verge was still immense, but with Neph's incorruptible soul, the most terrifying power of the First Seeker had already been rendered meaningless.

Cassie nodded.

"Sure… we can use having you at Verge. The battle will be perilous, without a doubt. It will be fierce and fearsome, far beyond anything that a mundane human can imagine. But we can also manage without you. We have the Memories you have created, after all. We have Aspect Legacies, experience battling the Defiled, and means to defend ourselves from the First Seeker. We even have Mordret, who wields a Divine Aspect, just like you."

The blind girl sighed.

"So, Sunny… you must decide. I've given the choice back to you. Now, it's in your hands."

With that, she took a few steps and jumped out of the ketch, landing on the icy shore. The Echo of Torment dissolved into a whirlwind of sparks, leaving Sunny alone in the boat.

Cassie then turned and looked at him expectantly.

Her face was both scared and hopeful.

Sunny froze, not knowing what to do.

**********

