Shadow Slave - PART 167
Chapters 1661 to 1670
==============================


                                Chapter 1661: Missing Light
--------------------
In the courtyard of the Nameless Temple, a lonely figure was sitting on the black marble plates, shrouded in shadows. It was a young man with alabaster skin and onyx eyes, clad in an intricate suit of fearsome armor. His hair was long, and darker than a raven's wing.

In front of him, a frail tree was growing in the darkness, its branches brimming with wilting leaves.

Sunny studied the tree and sighed.

'It's not doing well, despite my efforts.’

The tree was missing sunlight-what little of it there was in the outskirts of NQSC, from where Sunny had stolen it. But it was resilient, just like the people there were. It had clung to life for a long time in that godforsaken place, and now it continued to do so here, in Godgrave.

Sunny felt guilty towards the tree.

It was the one he had cut two lines into to mark the passing of his parents. After claiming the Nameless Temple and coming back to the waking world, Sunny visited NQSC and took the tree away from the pitiful park where it grew. Of course, he replaced it with a different one people of the outskirts did not have a lot of vibrant things to look at, and he didn't want to rob them of another one.

Not that it mattered too much. Most of the settlers who chose to pass through the Dream Gates were not citizens, but those who had been discarded by humanity and hoped to find a better place for themselves in a different world. As a result, the outskirts of NQSC were much less crowded than they had been in his time, and would only grow more desolate as time went on.

In any case, the familiar tree stood in the courtyard of his Citadel now, and Sunny often came to tend to it, or gaze at it as he contemplated various matters.

‘It seems that Valor and Song have started preparations. It won't be long now.’

He sighed, then closed his eyes and dove into his Soul Sea.

Such a simple thing, but it had taken Sunny more than a year to find a way back into the Soul Sea after being banished from the Nightmare Spell.

Even then, he could only enter it after concentrating and meditating for a long time. At least for a while he could do it on a moment's notice once again after another year of practice.

The Soul Sea looked the same as it had before.

But also entirely different.

The vast expanse of silent water was the same. The six lightless suns hanging above it were also no different.

However, now, a magnificent black temple stood in the middle of the lake, its pillars shrouded in darkness, It was a perfect replica of the Nameless Temple, which had appeared here on its own the moment Sunny claimed ownership of the ancient Citadel.

The legion of shadows, which had dwelled at the edges of the Soul Sea, were now gathered around the temple, Just as lifeless and motionless as they had always been... of course, there were much more of them now, with several giant figures towering above the rest.

It almost looked as if they would come to life at any moment, ready to enter the temple to worship its master.

Sunny did not know what, exactly, had caused this change, but suspected that the Soul Seas of all Saints were somewhat different from those of lesser Awakened. A Soul Sea was the representation of one's soul, after all, and Transcendence was all about the soul surpassing the limits of its mortal vessel.

As such, he couldn't help but wonder what the Soul Sea of a Sovereign would look like. What about a Sacred being? Or a Divine one?

Would the soul of a deity contain an actual realm?

He didn't know, yet... but maybe one day he would find out.

In any case, for now, he had come here for a purpose.

Sitting on the steps of the dark temple, Sunny sighed and summoned the images of his Shadows. Soon, five figures appeared in front of him.

Saint, Serpent, Nightmare, Flend, and Mimic.

He studied them silently.

There was more than one thing he had to discover anew after losing the helpful guidance of the Spell. Entering the Soul Sea was one, but nurturing his Shadows was another.

Only after being left alone had Sunny learned clearly where his Aspect ended and the Nightmare Spell began. Creating Shadows was a facet of his Aspect... making them stronger by feeding them Memories, however, was a helpful tool the Spell had graciously provided, building it around his innate powers.

It was reasonable, in hindsight. Memories were born from the Spell, after all, so it wouldn't make sense for Shadow Creatures to be dependent on them for growth. The same could be said about Echoes, which were similarly of the Spell - it wouldn't make much sense if the only way to create a Shadow was through an Echo.

So, Sunny had to discover a new way - the true way - to accomplish both of these things.

He had succeeded only partially.

Sunny still had no idea how to create a Shadow without an Echo, but he had discovered ways to empower most of his Shadows.

Fiend was the easiest to deal with, in that regard. All he needed was to devour powerful creatures or potent mystical materials to grow, Granted, his stomach was truly bottomless, The rascal had been feasting on all kinds of dreadful Nightmare Creatures for many vears, but only advanced to the Supreme Rank recently, after consuming that Great Demon some days back.

All of his Attributes and Abilities had grown stronger, but Fiend had not gained any new ones yet.

The secret to Serpent's growth was also rather simple, since that Shadow had always been unique. Its Rank depended on how well Sunny had mastered Shadow Dance, while its Class was equal to that of its master. Sunny could not receive Aspect Legacy Relics anymore... however, he could still advance in his mastery of it. When that happened, Serpent would become Supreme as well.

Granted, he was wary of diving deeper into Shadow Dance due to losing his True Name.

Meanwhile, Nightmare... had already become a Transcendent Terror, reaching the same Class and Rank as Serpent. It had taken Sunny a long time to figure out how to make this Shadow of his stronger in the absence of the Nightmare Spell, but the solution was simple.

Nightmare fed on the dreams of powerful creatures. He subjugated them, but could also consume them. That was how it could reach a higher Rank, even though the process was slow and fraught with danger.

The way for the Marvelous Mimic to grow was also not that hard. It could produce soul coins by devouring living beings. Those soul coins could be used by anyone to strengthen their soul - but if fed back to the Mimle, they would strengthen it Instead

However, Sunny did not really need Mimie to rise In Rank, for now. The most important traits of the Marvelous Mimle - the volume of its dimensional storage and the intricacy of the shape it could assume - depended on the potency of its master's soul, not the Shadow's own.

And finally... there was Saint.

Looking at her, Sunny sighed.

She was the only one he didn't know how to nurture, yet. In the past, Saint grew in Rank by consuming Memories with the help of the Spell, but now, there was no way he knew of to strengthen her. As a result, his very first Shadow had remained a Transcendent Devil to this day.

Of course, as far as Transcendent Devils went, she was by far the most deadly one he had ever seen.

'But is it enough for what is to come?'

Sunny didn't know.

Hearing someone walk across the marble floor of the dark courtyard, he dismissed the images of his Shadows and left the Soul Sea.

It seemed that he had a visitor.

**********


                                Chapter 1662: Bridge Builders
--------------------
Sunny opened his eyes and summoned the helmet of the Onyx Mantle, hiding his face. Its visor was not as ferocious and eerle as Weaver's Mask, but it was also fearsome. Deep shadows dwelled in the crack of the visor, hiding his eyes, and the black plume of the onyx helmet moved slightly in the wind.

A moment later, the darkness of the courtyard was dispelled by soft light.

Sunny did not move, waiting for Nephis to approach. Of course, he was observing her through the shadows.

A dull pain suddenly pressed on his heart.

‘...She has changed.’

The source of light was Nephis herself, a ball of white flame dancing on her palm. He remembered that she had used a few Memories to produce fire and light in the past, after returning from her Second Nightmare... to spare herself the pain of calling upon her Aspect. But now, it seemed, that was not the case.

She reached him and remained silent for a few moments, looking at the frail tree with a slight frown, Soon enough, her gaze grew a little confused, and then cleared.

"Is that.,,, a mundane tree?"

Sunny nodded.

"Indeed. I'm... afraid it is not doing well here, in the Dream Realm. Away from warmth and light

He had tried many ways to substitute both through sorcery, of course, with little success.

Nephis remained silent for a moment.

"The Aspect of one of my people, Shakti, has to do with nurturing plants. I can ask her to take a look.”

He turned his head slightly, staring at her with his own pair of eyes.

"That would be appreciated."

She smiled faintly and looked at the wilting leaves.

"I must admit, though, I never imagined someone like you would feel sentimental about a tree, Lord Shadow."

Sunny tilted his head.

"Someone like me?"

Nephis nodded.

"Someone who chooses to live alone in the middle of a lifeless Death Zone, battling hungry abominations."

He stared at her for a few moments, then shrugged.

"This is the only tree in this lifeless Death Zone that has never tried to eat me. Of course, I am sentimental."

With that, he rose to his feet and asked in a cold tone:

"You are ready, then?”

Now that the two of them had reached initial agreement, she had to go back to Bastion and report it to the elders of Clan Valor. However, Nephis and the Fire Keepers were not going to repeat the long and perilous journey across Godgrave - Instead, it was much more convenient for them to place their anchors in the Nameless Temple.

Once they returned to their tethered location in the waking world, another Saint would bring them to Bastion. And once they were done in Bastion, Nephis would bring them back to the waking world. From there, all of them could return to their anchors in the Nameless Temple.

The process was somewhat unwieldy, but effective...

If Sunny allowed them to anchor themselves in the Nameless Temple, of course.

But he had not.

The Fire Keepers believed that it was because he didn't trust them yet. Nephis most likely suspected that he didn't want another Saint, and anyone sworn to a Domain, to contaminate his Citadel with Anvil's authority.

The truth of the matter was that he simply didn't want to give Valor easy access to his temple. The harder it was for them to reach it, the less they would bother him.

So, instead of allowing the Fire Keepers to place their anchors here, he would play the role of the ferryman himself. He would deliver them to the waking world, and then meet them there at an agreed-upon time to carry them back.

This way, Sunny would be the only one who controlled access to his Citadel - and, therefore, Godgrave.

Before Nephis and the Fire Keepers left, however, they wanted to discuss the general points of their alliance with him. The better they knew what to expect, the more detailed the offer they would be able to bring back from Bastion.

"Let's go."

Soon, the two of them entered the main hall of the temple from one of the side passages. The Fire Keepers were already there, along with their annoying lanterns.

Sunny sighed behind the visor of his helmet.

'Ah... it was so dark and peaceful here before...'

Apart from those brief few days last year when a handful of scared Sleepers resided in the Nameless Temple, his life here was rather peaceful.

It wasn't going to be peaceful much longer.

Sunny moved a hand, and the shadows rose from the floor, forming a detailed terrain map of the known part of the Dream Realm. The Fire Keepers stared at it for a few moments, then coughed and put the paper map they had brought away.

Sunny approached the dark map and stared at it for a few moments,

The Hollow mountains rose like sharp fangs from the marble floor. Far to the south, a black castle stood in the middle of a black lake. A great bridge connected a tall peak to a formidable volcano, with a beautiful black palace perched at one of its ends. Below it all, a black ship drifted in a sea of darkness. Many lesser Citadels were scattered here and there.

He was looking at something else, though. A black skeleton with its head resting on the outskirts of the Hollow Mountains.

Nephis studied the map, as well, then let out a barely audible sigh.

Finally, she said in an even tone:

"The war between the Sword Domain and the Song Domain is inevitable. There is no connection between the two over land, and the House of Night is clinging to its neutrality despite the desperate attempts by both Great Clans to forge an alliance with them. Which means... that a land bridge must be created, and will be created."

She pointed to the black skeleton.

"That land bridge is Godgrave. The Great Clan that conquers it first will have the ability to launch an invasion into the territory of the enemy. Even if a full invasion is impossible due to how well-fortified the enemy is, the side controlling Godgrave can harass the adversary, disrupt supply chains, conquer weaker Citadels, and strengthen their Domain while weakening the other."

Nephis looked at Sunny.

"So, Lord Shadow... you must understand what it means."

He remained silent for a few moments, then said with cold indifference:

"It means that neither side can allow the enemy to take Godgrave. So, this Death Zone will not be a land bridge to start the war, but instead the battlefield where the war will be fought."

And therefore... his peaceful life was as good as over.

**********


                                Chapter 1663: Domain War
--------------------
Sunny remained silent for a few moments, staring at the map. Then, a hollow chuckle resounded from the depths of his black helmet, sounding a little sinister in the darkness that shrouded the silent hall of the temple.

"Fighting a war in Godgrave... what a brazen act of madness. Ah, but I did not expect anything less from the Great Clans."

The Fire Keepers glanced at each other, sensing a hint of contempt in his cold voice. Eventually, one of them said said stiffly:

"...We are representing one of the Great Clans too, you know. Lord Shadow."

Sunny simply turned his head, staring at him. The Fire Keeper trembled under his gaze, looking away from the impenetrable darkness nestling in the visor of the onyx helmet. It was as if there was no person inside the fearsome black armor at all.

Nephis, however, only seemed curious. She looked at him and asked, her voice even:

"You have a relationship with the Great Clans?"

Well, of course she was curious. Logically speaking, a Saint like Sunny could not have appeared without brushing sides with at least one of the great Legacy clans. It was much more likely that he had served either Valor, Song, or Night directly in the past. He was independent now, and seemed to harbor resentment toward the Great Clans... anyone would be curious to know the reason.

Sunny shrugged.

"A relationship? I guess. Although it might be called a one-sided relationship by some."

He turned his gaze back to the map and made the shadows move. The mountains crumbled, the sea of darkness vanished, and the black skeleton grew larger, reaching the size of an average human. Everything else disappeared, leaving only Godgrave and its vicinity in sight.

"So, how will the war start?"

Nephis remained silent for a moment, then turned to the map, as well.

"Clan Song is already building a road to the Right Hand. They will use it to scale the skeleton and establish a fortress on its right shoulder. Valor is also moving its forces, aiming for the Left Hand. They will be delayed a little by the need to build a bridge."

The left arm of the colossal corpse was broken, a vast distance separating the ulna and radius from the humerus. There was a significant difference in height, as well, so construction of the bridge would take some time.

Nephis continued:

"In the end, though, it doesn't matter. There will be a fortress established on the left shoulder of the giant, and its ribcage will become a warzone, Of course, fighting under the open sky... is dangerous. But the Hollows are not something the soldiers of either of the clans can handle. At least not in the initial stage of the war."

Sunny tilted his head.

"The initial stage?"

She nodded calmly, studying the black skeleton with intense focus.

"Yes. The initial stage will be about slowly conquering territory and positional warfare. Godgrave is a Death Zone, so claiming it won't be easy. But its fall is inevitable, because that is the will of the Sovereigns. The armies will advance, sealing cracks in the bone to cut off the Nightmare Creatures from spawning on the surface."

Nephis paused for moment.

"The army of the Sword Domain will hold an advantage during that stage... firstly, because it has more experience in waging war against the Dream Realm. Secondly, because several Saints who are uniquely suited for the task serve the King. Like Sky Tide..."

Sunny frowned behind the visor of his helmet. Saint Tyris commanded wind and storm clouds... her Aspect would indeed be invaluable in Godgrave, where the veil of clouds stood between all living things and complete annihilation.

That would undoubtedly make her a target.

Already knowing the answer, he nevertheless asked:

"When will the initial stage end?”

Nephis glanced at him somberly:

"Once enough of Godgrave is taken for both armies to locate and conquer a Citadel. The second stage will be about conquering more of them. And the last stage will be about pushing the devastated enemy off the skeleton and claiming it entirely.

Followed by a period of consolidation and an inevitable invasion into the weakened enemy Domain, no doubt.

The Fire Keepers were strangely silent. They seemed to have known that a war was coming... however, perhaps it was their first time hearing someone talk about the inevitable so openly.

Nephis lingered for a moment.

"Do you understand why conquering that first Citadel is so important, Lord Shadow?"

Sunny's mood suddenly plummeted.

"I do."

It was because the moment one of the armies took a Citadel... the Domain of their Sovereign would enter Godgrave, as well. And that would allow that Sovereign to exert their full power in a vast area around the Citadel. Once that happened, the previously unapproachable Hollows would not be that impossible to traverse, and the nature of the war would change,

The more of these strongholds were conquered, the wider the Domains would spread, eventually swallowing all of this region.

Then, it wouldn't be just Awakened, Ascended, and Saints spilling blood on the ancient bones...

Anvil and Ki Song could very well clash directly, splitting the heavens and shattering the earth.

Sunny felt a hint of dread and smiled darkly, excited by that half-forgotten feeling.

Nephis seemed to have noticed that the shadows drowning the great hall moved slightly. She shook her head.

"So, Lord Shadow... you must understand that maintaining the neutrality of your temple will be hard. Possessing a Citadel at the very start of the war is too great of an advantage. No matter what else my elders might desire, they'll be most passionate about this point."

Sunny laughed.

"Oh? No... actually, I think it won't be hard at all."

He tilted his head a little.

"No matter how greedy they are to have my Citadel, they are much more wary of seeing it fall Into the enemy's hands. So, if they don't want to agree to my suggestions... why, I can just go and offer my services to Song. The Queen's daughters might prove to be more accommodating than your elders. Oh, and they are also very easy on the eye..."

One of the Fire Keepers coughed, prompting Sunny to wonder if there was something wrong with his lungs.

Nephis tilted her head and stared at him, most likely considering the blatant threat.

After contemplating for a while, she asked:

"And I'm not?"

Sunny froze.

"What?"

Nephis had a look of contemplation.

"You said that Ki Song's daughters might be more accommodating and are easy on the eye, alluding to the fact that both of these factors are advantages Clan Song has over Valor. But I am also King Anvil's daughter. Meaning... that I'm at a disadvantage, in that regard. Are you hinting that Clan Valor should make more concessions in the negotiations, due to my poor looks?"

Now, Sunny felt that there was something wrong with his lungs. Desperately suppressing a cough, he tried hard to present a cold and aloof front.

'Damnation... is she having one of her moments?! No, she must be teasing me... right?!'

When he spoke, his voice was slightly dull:

"...No. Your beauty is radiant and blinding, Lady Nephis, I wouldn't dare."

She looked at him for a few moments, then smiled:

"Really? It's good, then... oh, but if you prefer, I can ask the elders to send Morgan here, next time…”

**********


                                Chapter 1664: Search and Rescue
--------------------
Sunny was internally cursing himself for deciding not to wear Weaver's Mask today.

Someone else was cursing him, as well.

The Fire Keepers were keeping their voices down, but they underestimated the hearing of a Saint.

"That guy... who does he think he is, critiquing our lady's appearance?"

"Says the man who hides his face behind a mask!"

"He must be as ugly as a toad! Frivolous! And shallow!"

He gritted his teeth behind the visor of the onyx helmet.

"What toad?! What the hell is a toad?! My face is so handsome that it can fund an entire business, you good-for-nothings!"

What did these fools know?!

Outwardly, though, he remained cold and detached.

Even if it took some effort.

"Having a secure base in an otherwise deadly region is already enough of a boon. If Valor wants to claim my temple, they can come and conquer it. Or rather.., they can try,"

The last words sounded especially sinister. His tone didn't change, but it sounded exceedingly threatening all of a sudden.

Nephis kept silent for a bit, then shrugged.

"I see. Do you know of any other Citadels in Godgrave, then? Advance knowledge of their locations can be just as Important."

Sunny glanced at the black skeleton.

...There are none on the surface. There are a few in the Hollows, though. I've seen a couple from afar. As for the sea of ash, even I am not brave enough to descend there."

She seemed interested in what he had said.

"You've explored the Hollows?"

Sunny nodded.

"Somewhat... but not extensively. It is a deadly place."

The Fire Keepers paled. If even a Saint who lived in a literal Death Zone called a place deadly, then it had to be worse than hell.

Nephis lingered for a while.

Eventually, she nodded.

"I think I know enough to make a report to the elders. It's time for us to return..."

Before she could finish the sentence, though, there was a loud noise, Fiend shifted slightly, the infernal flames igniting brighter in his eyes. At the same time, a tall and graceful figure appeared at the entrance of the temple.

It was Saint.

However... right now, her dark elegance was nowhere to be seen.

That was because she was carrying something on her shoulder. That "something" was resisting and cursing desperately, powerless against the Shadow's stone grip.

"L-let me go, abomination! If you want to kill me, Just do it quick! W-why are you tormenting me?!"

Sunny blinked.

...Human language?"

Why was there someone cursing in human language here, in Godgrave?

Nephis and the Fire Keepers were similarly stunned.

Saint walked toward them and unceremoniously dumped her burden on the floor. The person rolled on the marble tiles and scrambled to their knees, crawling back in fear.

"S-stay back, demon!"

It was a very young, and very dirty youth, his face smeared in mud and dried blood. He wore a torn armor that seemed to be a Dormant Memory, his body riddled in deep leasures.

A moment later, the back of his head crashed into Neph's knees,

He froze for a moment, and then slowly looked up, his eyes widening in terror.

Then, an expression of utter shock appeared on his childish face, It was as if the young man's brain temporarily ceased all function.

"Uh...

He blinked.

"S... s... Saint Nephis?"

She stared at him silently. The young man looked at her, then at the Fire Keepers, then at Sunny. Finally, his gaze was pulled back to Neph's beautiful face.

His cheeks blushed uncontrollably.

"W-what are you... am I dead? Is this paradise?"

She tilted her head a little, then said neutrally:

"This is the Dream Realm. Are you a Sleeper?"

Sunny had already guessed that the dirty teenager was a Sleeper. Last year, he had discovered a handful after the winter solstice and sent them to Song. This year, though, he had not found anyone in the vicinity of his territory. He had assumed that either all of them perished in other parts of Godgrave, or the Spell did not send anyone here this time around, to begin with.

Sunny was unclear on what motive the Spell had to send Sleepers to Godgrave, really. They had absolutely no chance to survive here... the last batch had only lived because of him.

But then again, it might have been precisely because of his presence that the Spell threw them here, It was a bit strange, to imagine that he was powerful enough to be a factor in the decisions made by the Spell,

In any case…

The young man gulped.

"A Sleeper? Yes, I am... walt, you are Saint Nephis! Changing Star of the Immortal Flame! Lady Nephis! What... what are you doing here?!"

He paused for a moment, then added shyly:

...And where is here? Are we close to Bastion?"

She kneeled in front of him and gently placed her hands on his shoulders. A soft radiance enveloped them, spreading into the Sleeper's body. The wounds covering it started to heal, and an expression of deep relief instantly appeared on his face.

The Sleeper stared at Nephis with wide eyes.

His eyes were full of stars.

Sunny shifted slightly.

"What is that bastard staring at, with that expression?'

But then, he had to mentally slap himself. Was he really feeling jealous of a poor Sleeper?

Nephis spoke in a tone that was considered soft, for her:

"We are in a distant and extremely dangerous region of the Dream Realm. My warriors and I are here on an important mission. You are fortunate to have met us, young man... otherwise, I'm afraid your fate would have been sealed."

The young Sleeper remained silent, looking at her with a strange expression.

Sunny sighed.

"I did not think that any of the Sleepers survived this year. Last solstice, I happened on a few and helped them escape. There seems to be just one survivor this time.

His voice sounded cold and uncaring

Nephis spared him a glance, then turned back to the young man.

"Don't worry. The worst is behind you. You are safe now... we will take you back to the waking world

He took a shallow breath, closed his eyes for a moment... then desperately shook his head.

"N-no! No, you mustn't! I'm... I'm not the only one! There are others, as well... we hid ourselves and clung to life for many days, but then, there was no more water. Someone had to go out to try and find help, and I volunteered..."

Sunny sighed behind his helmet, already knowing what was about to come.

The Sleeper grabbed Neph's arm and said hoarsely:

"Please, Lady Nephis! You... you are Changing Star. Please save the others!"

Sunny was indignant.

"The Spell... it has some nerve!"

First, it had abandoned him. Now, it was using him as a babysitter for unfortunate Sleepers.

He shook his head slightly, then asked, his voice grim:

"Those others you mentioned. Where are they?”

**********


                                Chapter 1665: Alone in the Dark
--------------------
As it turned out, there were two other Sleepers somewhere out there, hiding under the roots of a dead tree in the Hollows. They were well outside the Shadow Realm's Fragment and inside the bones of the colossal skeleton, which made the potential rescue... problematic.

In fact, it was miraculous that they had survived for so long.

Too miraculous, maybe.

While the Fire Keepers were calming the dirty teenager and giving him food, Sunny stared at him coldly. He had already studied the Sleeper's soul, making sure that he was indeed a Dormant human. But why were Nephis and her people so careless?

He glanced at her, then asked, his voice emotionless:

"How do you know that he's not one of Skinwalker's vessels?"

Nephis, who was standing a few steps away from the Sleeper, shrugged:

"If he was an abomination, my flames would have burned him, not healed him."

Sunny raised an eyebrow. It made sense... her soul was immune to Corruption, so the flames of her soul did not tolerate it. Granted, Nephis had not yet mastered that aspect of her powers to such a degree in the past.

‘Alright, he's not Skinwalker.’

That didn't mean that the sleeper was harmless, though. He could still be a body Mordret decided to wear... granted, that was very improbable. It would be exceedingly hard to find a Sleeper just a few days after the winter solstice, let alone drag one to Godgrave. And while Mordret was powerful, it would be harder still to traverse Godgrave in a Dormant body, even for him.

So why was this Sleeper so strange?

Sunny walked forward, and although he did not say anything, the Fire Keepers instinctively parted before him. The Sleeper looked up, his eyes suddenly widening in fear.

"Uh... m-my lord..."

Stopping in front of the teenager, Sunny looked down without saying a word.

'How strange.'

Even though he could see the dirty young man, he could not sense him. It was as though there was no one there - there was no scent, no presence, not even a shadow he could perceive.

Was that why he had not sensed what Saint was carrying until she was already in the temple?

The corner of his mouth twisted upward.

"Is that your Aspect?"

The Sleeper flinched, then looked down.

"Y-yes, my lord... I am not good at anything except for hiding. But hiding... I'm really good at it.”

Sunny tilted his head.

‘What a powerful Aspect.’

It wasn't easy for a Dormant Ability to fool the senses of a Saint. Perhaps it wasn't completely unreasonable for the Spell to send this poor child here...

In any case, that Aspect of his could somewhat explain how the Sleeper managed to survive a short trip across Godgrave.

"What is your name?"

The young man shivered.

"It's... it's Ray, my lord."

Sunny lingered for a bit, then nodded.

"Alright. I've decided not to kill you, Dreamer Ray"

Leaving the young man with his mouth hanging open, Sunny walked away. As he did, the Fire Keepers gave him a few dirty looks and returned to trying to calm the teenager down.

Their previous efforts had been utterly invalidated by a few words from the Lord of Shadows.

Nephis glanced at him and raised an eyebrow.

"Do you kill Sleepers often, Lord Shadow?"

Sunny contemplated for a few moments, trying to remember how many Sleepers he had killed, In the end, he answered evenly:

"Not often"

Then, he turned to face her and asked in the same emotionless tone:

"What about you, Lady Nephis?"

She did not answer, Instead changing the tople to the fate of young Ray's friends.

"You are better acquainted with Godgrave. The two of us and my warriors... can we rescue the other two Sleepers from the Hollows? That is not the mission entrusted to me by Clan Valor, but still. If it is possible, I would like to save them."

Sunny hesitated for a second.

"Can we? Sure, it's possible. But your people... skilled as they are, there is no guarantee that all of them or any of them - will survive in the Hollows. You and I can try it alone, though."

She nodded simply.

"Then that is what we'll do. If you are willing."

He stared at her silently, pretending to be surprised.

"Are you fond of risking your life for strangers, Lady Nephis? Braving a Death Zone for a couple of insignificant Sleepers... wouldn't it be a shame if someone as illustrious as you perished for no good reason? Why do it?"

She smiled faintly,

"Firstly... I'm not planning on dying here. Call me arrogant, if you wish. Secondly, aren't you being a little hypocritical, Lord Shadow? No one forced you to rescue the Sleepers last year, and yet you did. Not only that, but you even escorted them all the way to the territory of Clan Song. So, please forgive me... but I know that you are not as heartless as you want to appear behind that mask.”

‘Am i, really?’

Sunny frowned, deciding to act more tyrannical in the future.

She turned and looked at him, her smile widening a little.

"And most importantly... because I want to. That's the only reason I need."

Sunny let out a chuckle.

'Ah, there it is. She doesn't change.’

He shook his head:

"What if all of this is an ingenious plot to lure you into the Hollows, alone, where I'll have an easier time disposing of you? What if I've already struck a deal with Clan Song? Aren't you afraid of following me into the darkness, with no one to cover your back?"

Nephis remained silent for a bit, then shrugged nonchalantly.

"Shouldn't you be afraid of following me into the darkness instead? This Citadel of yours is very valuable, What if I already received orders from Clan Valor to eliminate you and make it my own?"

Sunny stared at her for a bit, then let out a cold laugh.

"Now that you mention it, I probably should be afraid. But, what a pity, I've been foolishly fearless as of late."

There was a sinister note in his tone, as if he was inviting her to try something.

Nephis smiled.

"Being enslaved by fear is more foolish."

With that, she threw one last glance at the Sleeper. Her expression changed subtly, switching from composed languidness to a state of cold focus.

"It might be for the better... I'll instruct my people to tend to your tree while we're gone. That said, time is of the essence. I suspect that these three Sleepers only lasted that long because of this young man's Aspect. He volunteered to venture out of their hiding spot thinking that he's the best person for the job, but the remaining two might be in danger without him. If they are still alive, we must find them as soon as possible."

Sunny nodded.

"Fair point. Go talk to your people and find out what else they've learned from the boy. We'll leave as soon as that is done."

While Nephis talked to the Fire Keepers, he lingered for a while, observing her.

His mood was rotten.

'Damn it.,, I didn't want to reveal what is hidden in the Hollows to her, so soon…’

**********


                                Chapter 1666: Wandering Temple
--------------------
After getting all the information the frightened Sleeper could share, Sunny and Nephis let him rest. Without wasting any time, Nephis headed for the exit from the temple... however, Sunny led her into its depths Instead.

Soon, they reached a set of stairs and descended underground.

The Nameless Temple was larger than it seemed from outside, because it had a vast basement level. In fact, it was almost a perfect copy of the grandiose upper level, with its own great hall, auxiliary rooms, and inner sanctum.

There were a few differences, of course. For one, there was no altar in the underground temple. There was no path to the courtyard, either. Instead, a towering gate was cut into the marble wall, covered by intricate engravings.

When Sunny and Nephis reached the underground hall, it was bathed in impenetrable darkness. Even the radiant light of the flames burning on her palm could not dispel it... Sunny didn't want anyone to see what was hidden there, yet, and so, he shrouded everything in the deepest of shadows.

And for a good reason.

As Sunny had found out after conquering the Nameless Temple, all Citadels had something special about them. Some special qualities were minor, while some could do truly stunning things.

Sunny called them Components.

He was not sure if these Components were innate to the ancient strongholds or something added to each by the Spell, like the Gateways were. Perhaps it simply built upon what was already there, strengthening existing traits and making them easily accessible by humans.

However, what Sunny did know was that only a Saint that bound the Citadel to their soul could command it, making use of the Components. The Spell made the process easier for them, most likely... as for Sunny, he had to sort everything out himself.

Luckily, it had not been too hard.

As far as he could tell, the Nameless Temple possessed two Components, both of them rather powerful as far as Citadels went - not on the level of the Great Citadels or the Ivory Tower, of course, but far more prominent compared to lesser ones, like the Sanctuary of Noctis.

The first Component of the Nameless Temple was rather straightforward. It was the invisible Guardian. The creature, unseen and imperceptible, had been killing anyone and anything that tried to enter the temple - before Sunny showed up, that was, walking across ancient bones. He suspected that it allowed him to pass because of his Attribute, the [Flame of Divinity].

Just like it had allowed him to enter the temple in his First Nightmare because his soul carried the [Mark of Divinity].

...Indeed, his Citadel was the very temple he had once used to sacrifice himself to the gods, Back then, Sunny had assumed that it was a temple of Shadow God, but now, he thought differently,

After all, the timing did not make sense. At the time when the slave caravan perished while trying to cross the mountains, the imperial soldiers were actively destroying shrines and monasteries of the Shadow God. And yet, the styglan edifice of the grand temple looked like it had been laying in ruins for countless years back then, already.

And then there were the words the Spell had spoken when he coughed up blood on the black altar. It did not say that he had offered himself as a sacrifice to Shadow God... instead, it said that he had offered himself as a sacrifice to all the gods. Shadow was just the only one who had listened.

So, now, Sunny suspected that the Nameless Temple was much more ancient than almost anything else he had seen in the Dream Realm. If he was correct, it had been built at the dawn of time, during the early days of the Age of Gods, and was meant to worship the entire pantheon... Including the seventh god, who had not yet been erased from existence and forgotten.

Perhaps that was why this temple, and all the other temples built for the Pantheon of Seven, had been abandoned and lost. They had been forgotten, just like Dream God had been forgotten.

As such, the Nameless Temple could as well have been the temple of the Forgotten God.

Perhaps it had always been, having been built by some heretics who worshiped the lost delty despite the will of the remaining gods.

Whatever the case, the Nameless Temple had already been empty for thousands of years during Sunny's First Nightmare, which took place at the very end of the Golden Age, just before the fleeting Age of Daemons came to doom the world to destruction.

In his First Nightmare, it stood on the peak of a black mountain, desolate and forsaken. The only creature who ever visited it was the Mountain King, who seemed to have possessed a spark of divinity in its soul, as well.

And yet, now, the Nameless Temple was somehow here in Godgrave.

The reason for this discrepancy... was the second Component of the Nameless Temple.

Out there, in the darkness of the underground hall, a vast mystical circle was carved into the wall opposite the towering gate. It was not comprised of runes, or elements of any other type of sorcery Sunny could recognize. The only thing he could think of that resembled the enchantment of the Nameless Temple were the knives Sun God had created alongside the Chain Lords... Perhaps it was divine sorcery, which followed no rules and bent the world to its will simply by virtue of existing. In that case, he wasn't sure that "sorcery" was the right word to describe it. A miracle fit such a feat much more.

In any case, that mystical circle was the heart of the enchantment that allowed his Citadel to wander freely across realms.

As long as the master of the Citadel flooded the ancient temple with an ocean of essence, it could vanish from one location and appear miraculously somewhere else.

That was how Sunny had put his Citadel in the very heart of Godgrave. He suspected that it had been wandering the realms long before being made into a Citadel by the Nightmare Spell, as well. The wandering temple had not been built on the peak of that dark mountain, but instead appeared there one day, already in ruin.

Sunny did not want anyone to know that his Citadel could travel, yet. He would only be able to share this secret with Nephis once she trusted him enough to keep that information from the King of Swords.

And so, they walked through the darkness until they reached the great gate. Nephis did not say anything, allowing Sunny to pull the heavy gate open.

Behind it... was a smooth surface of white bone.

At first glance, it seemed that the gate did not lead anywhere except a dead end. However, there was actually a narrow crack in the ancient bone, just wide enough for a person to pass.

The fissure was just as dark as the interior of the underground hall, and the wind blowing through it brought with it a sweet smell of rotting leaves.

Nephis frowned.

"That fracture... leads all the way to the Hollows?"

Sunny nodded.

"Indeed."

She hesitated for a moment.

"Won't your Citadel be invaded from below, then?"

He walked toward the dark fissure and turned slightly to fit through.

"It won't... you'll see."

Not satisfied with his answer but unwilling to ask further, Nephis sighed and followed him into the damp darkness.

**********


                                Chapter 1667: Disarmed
--------------------
Following the Lord of Shadows, Nephis was descending into the depths of Godgrave. The fissure was narrow and twisting, permeated with the sweet smell of rotten leaves. At times, she had to sidestep to push forward, the polished metal of her breastplate scraping against the white bone.

Her taciturn guide was calm and indomitable, seemingly unconcerned about entering the Hollows. She was calm, as well - the part of her that would have been wary had been swallowed by the pain.

A ball of white flames was dancing on the palm of her gauntlet, illuminating the path ahead.

She was used to that pain.

Bathed in the white radiance but drowning in darkness, the Lord of Shadows seemed especially mysterious now that they were alone. Clad in the fearsome onyx armor, with his face hidden behind the visor of a black helmet, he looked more like a powerful Nightmare Creature than a human being...

Cassie had not been able to glean any information about the master of the dark temple. If not for the fact that the three powerful creatures serving him were Transcendent, and not Corrupted, Nephis would have entertained the thought that he was an abomination.

There were other reasons why she did not, as well.

None of them spoke for a long time. Eventually, though, the earthy smell grew stronger, and the Lord of Shadows halted.

A warm wind blew past them in the direction of the Citadel.

He remained motionless for a few moments, then turned to face her. The visor of his helmet was full of impenetrable darkness, and his even voice was aloof:

"I have a request, Lady Nephis."

She met his dark gaze and raised an eyebrow.

The darkness in the visor stirred slightly.

"Dismiss your weapon before we proceed."

Nephis was surprised. She tilted her head slightly, then asked in a calm tone:

"You want me to enter the Hollows without a sword?"

The onyx helmet moved slowly from side to side.

"You can have a sword. Just not this sword."

She hesitated for a few moments.

That strange request... was loaded with meaning. The sword Nephis used, Kinslayer, was a Transcendent Memory of the Seventh Tier. Much more importantly, it was a very special weapon. Not only was its durability equal to that of a Supreme Memory, but it had also been altered by the King of Swords himself.

Which made it connected to him... just like everyone who wielded the blades forged by Anvil were connected to him, and to each other - albeit in a different manner.

So, what the Lord of Shadows wanted was to be left truly alone with her, without the possibility of her adopted father sensing what they were doing.

Suddenly, Nephis felt a bit... embarrassed?

'That didn't sound quite right, did it?'

Her heart sped up a little.

Was it because of his mocking threats to kill her in the Hollows? Luring her into the darkness and asking her to disarm...

She stared at the Shadow Saint for several seconds, then unhurriedly dismissed both her sword and its sheath. Left unarmed, she continued to stare at him with a calm expression.

His hand rose and brushed against the darkness, slowly pulling a weapon out of it... just like he had done before their duel. This time, however, it was not an odachi. Instead, it was an elegant longsword, both its hilt and blade perfectly black.

Nephis received the longsword from the Lord of Shadows and weighed it briefly in her hand, then struck the flat of its blade lightly, watching it vibrate to determine the center of percussion. She was surprised once again - the sword was perfectly balanced and indistinguishable from one forged from real steel, sitting comfortably in her grip. As if made to suit her personal preferences to the smallest detail.

‘What a convenient Ability.’

It had to be an Aspect Ability. She studied the shadow sword for a few moments, then lowered it and summoned the Nameless Sun - a Memory she had received for killing the Crimson Terror of the Forgotten Shore. The Nameless Sun was a weapon-type Memory, but of a unique kind. Instead of manifesting as a weapon, it imbued other weapons, enhancing them.

The sword handed to her by the Lord of Shadows was not a Memory, and therefore could not be augmented by the Crown of Dawn. The Nameless Sun, however, could.

Nephis nodded.

"We can continue."

Her guide turned away indifferently and continued walking into the depths of the narrow passage. She followed, contemplating...

‘What are his motives?’

The Lord of Shadows had let his disdain for the Great Clans be known. Now, he requested that she dismiss her sword, hinting that he wanted to keep something secret from the King.

Something moved in her heart, surprising her... a sweet, but distant longing.

'Can he be an..., ally?'

It would be so nice, to have someone to rely on.

In the past four years... no, for as long as Nephis could really remember, after her grandmother's passing, she had been on her own. Carrying a crushing burden without anyone there to lend her a hand. There were people who supported her, sure the Fire Keepers, Effle and Kal, and a few others.

But they were not as powerful as she was, and so could not really lessen her burden. The only exception was Cassie - without her quiet strength and friendship, Nephis might have collapsed a long time ago. But Cassie, too, was her subordinate. And, therefore, her responsibility.

Yes, that burden was something Nephis had chosen to carry herself. And yes, it was her own unreasonable ambition that was the cause of everything... most of it, at least. And yet, sometimes, she couldn't help but feel suffocated by the depth and intensity of her own desire, surrounded by enemies and laying awake at night, unable to sleep.

Nephis was a human, too. She felt weak sometimes, too... even if she tried her hardest not to show it, as well as many other things she felt.

So, if there was really someone out there who was as immensely strong as the Lord of Shadows seemed to be and shared her hatred toward the Sovereigns, someone she could rely on to stand side by side with her in the face of danger...

Ah, it was a thought as sweet as it was dangerous.

She wasn't even entirely sure that the Lord of Shadows was a human, let alone that he could be trusted. And yet, for some reason, unexplainably... she found herself really wanting to.

‘Why do I feel this way? It's not like me…’

If they could really become allies...

'Forget about it.'

Following the aloof Saint into the darkness, Nephis frowned slightly.

In this world, she could only really rely on herself. Everyone else would either betray her, abandon her, or stay by her side and perish as a result.

From her childhood and to this day, that had always been the truth.

And that was alright. She did not need anyone, because she alone was enough. Her will was enough, her strength was enough, and her scorching longing was enough.

It was plenty.

'It's strange.’

It would have been wonderful if she really had an ally... a partner, even. But she didn't, and had never.

And yet, and yet...

Strangely enough, the Lord of Shadows gave her a sense of unexplainable familiarity. Because of it, trusting him and in him was oddly easy,

Nephis was wary of that ease.

'Maybe that is one of his Aspect Abilities, too…’

**********


                                Chapter 1668: Hollow Bones
--------------------
Sunny pushed his body through the last stretch of the narrow fissure and suddenly found himself in a vast open space. He took a step to the side, clinging to the porous surface of the ancient bone, and allowed Nephis to follow him onto a treacherous ledge.

She couldn't see because everything was still shrouded in impenetrable darkness, but below them... a whole hidden world was stretching as far as the eye could see, full of vibrant life.

They were currently inside the breastbone of the dead deity, which was comparable in size to a modest continent. Just like the rest of the bones, it was hollow, encompassing a realm of its own. The bone marrow that had once filled the vast expanse of the sternum's interior was long gone.

And in its place, a dreadful jungle had grown.

The humid air was filled with an indescribable mixture of strong scents. Below them, an impenetrable canopy of countless trees was swaying like a vermilion sea, most of them alien and monstrous, with vibrant red leaves. Primordial ferns towered like blooming towers, with vines and wild bushes rising between the craggy trunks like walls. Bloodred moss covered everything like a soft carpet.

Sunny could not really see colors in the darkness, but he knew enough to guess. Outside the Fragment of the Shadow Realm, the jungle shone with its own pale light, so he had seen its true appearance.

Here and there, colossal pillars of abominable flora rose to the dome of the sternum, attached to the cracks on its surface - those were the tendrils the jungle had extended to reach the sky. It used them to drink diffused sunlight when the clouds hid the sun, regrowing them every time they were incinerated.

...And, of course, there were all kinds of vile things dwelling under the canopy of the subterranean jungle.

Hordes of powerful abominations lived here Corrupted, Great, and even Cursed. Some of them were enormous and grotesque, some so small that it was hard to notice them with a naked eye. All had been baptized by the dire need to be born and grow on the surface, and only those lucky and vicious enough to reach maturity could descend into the Hollows and hope to survive here, away from the merciless gaze of the incinerating heavens.

The dark jungle was utterly deadly, and most deaths one could find here were utterly horrid.

That was the place where Sunny had brought Nephis after being apart from her for four long years,

'Not.., exactly romantic.’

He sighed secretly, then turned his head to look at her.

Nephis seemed unperturbed by the darkness, the scent of the jungle, and the indescribable choir of rustling noises that washed over them. There was a calm expression on her beautiful face, her slender body was relaxed, and the point of the sword he had given her was aimed at the ground.

The white flame dancing on her palm reflected in the depths of the calm grey eyes.

For a moment, Sunny thought that there was a shadow of some sharp emotion in those eyes, but then, it was gone, replaced by her usual reserved composure.

"How far are we from the ground?"

He hesitated for a moment.

"It's better to summon a Memory. There is a bit of a fall."

She nodded, and then, her alabaster skin ignited with a soft radiance for a short moment.

Sunny had expected Nephis to summon the familiar translucent cloak, but instead, a pair of beautiful white wings wove themselves from the light behind her. Nephis gripped the hilt of her sword and then took a step into the emptiness, gliding down with bewitching grace,

As she descended toward the jungle, the ball of flame burning in her hand was like a lonesome falling star,

He sighed, and then followed her down. As Sunny fell, his figure rippled and turned into a black crow, its feathers indistinguishable from the surrounding darkness.

Nephis descended into the Jungle like a spirit of light, Illuminating the twisting trunks of ancient trees and the red moss growing on them. Her wings fluttered once, sending a powerful gust of wind into the depths of the forest, and then disappeared with a soft rustle.

Sunny landed behind her, assumed her human form, and stared at her for a couple moments.

His thoughts were in disarray.

'Beautiful... too damn beautiful.’

He couldn't even imagine how that poor Sleeper must have felt, being rescued from the depths of despair, embraced, and healed by someone so breathtaking. A beautiful spirit of heavenly grace who had somehow found him in the depths of hell.

Well, it certainly beat being rescued by a sinister demon of darkness like Sunny.

'Lucky bastard.’

Making a mental note to keep Dreamer Ray away from the women in his life - gods knew Sunny had been burned for saving a Sleeper before! - Sunny walked forward and gestured for Nephis to follow.

She did, keeping silent for a while.

Eventually, though, Nephis asked:

"Should we be so careless?"

Sunny had not made any attempts to proceed with caution, walking forward with wide strides. It was a far cry from how someone should have been acting in a Death Zone, and especially one as vicious and vile as the great hollows inside the bones of the dead god. It was understandable that Nephis was confused by his attitude, strolling through the deadly jungle as if he owned the place.

But he did... in a sense.

Sunny shook his head.

"We are safe, for now."

As soon as his voice was swallowed by the noises of the jungle, though, they heard a different sound.

A deep, hoarse, heavy hiss of something giant breathing.

Nephis raised her sword, ready to strike.

But there was no need to.

A moment later, the trees in front of them parted, revealing a small clearing. On it, a hideous creature was laying on the carpet of moss and rotten leaves.

Its body was like a hill of scorched flesh, with terrifying muscles bulging under a rotting black hide. It was vaguely humanoid in shape, but the huge head of the Nightmare Creature resembled that of a jackal, the slightly parted jaws vast enough to swallow a whole building. The towering fangs glistened with a golden sheen, and behind them, a black tongue was hidden, covered in sores and scars.

A Great Monster.

Strangely enough, the abomination was not moving. Its giant eyes were closed, while its breathing was deep and sedate. There was no sign that it had sensed them.

Nephis stared at the monstrous being for a while, then glanced at Sunny. He was treated to a rare sight... there was a hint of doubt on her fair face.

"It's... asleep?"

He glanced at the Nightmare Creature, then nodded.

"Of course, it's asleep."

Not paying the Great Monster any attention, Sunny walked past it with cold indifference.

"...I'm the one who put it to sleep, after all.”

**********


                                Chapter 1669: Questions in the Light
--------------------
Sunny walked deeper into the jungle, allowing his shadow sense to permeate the rustling darkness. Originally, this place was like a nearly impenetrable barrier, with thick vines and dense undergrowth barring one's path. Not only was the flora plentiful and terribly dense, but it was also predatory and lethally dangerous - even for a Saint.

But now, the abominable plants were still and docile. There were paths cut through the jungle, as well, even if no one except for Sunny himself would have noticed them. As such, he managed to maintain considerable speed, getting further away from the Nameless Temple with each minute. Theyhad to hurry to maximize the chances of finding the two Sleepers alive.

As the two of them traversed the jungle, they encountered more sleeping Nightmare Creatures. There were hundreds of them, if not thousands, many of the Great Rank. Walking among the slumbering horde of abominations must have been a tense experience for Nephis, considering that the power sleeping under the Nameless Temple was truly dreadful. Perhaps even a Sovereign would have been given pause after witnessing it..

Sunny was calm, though.

All of these Nightmare Creatures were in the thrall of the Dream Curse, lost in Nightmare's lesser dream domain. Their souls were locked in a maze of nightmares, unable to escape... for the most part.

Exceptions happened, albeit rarely.

The Dream Curse was silent and insidious. It had slowly infected every abomination in a wide area around the Nameless Temple, and because of how subtle the spreading plague was, very few of them had noticed anything amiss before it was too late. Lulled to sleep, they became trapped in nightmares.

Those who had been able to resist the Dream Curse were disposed of by Sunny, a Great Demon being the last of the abominations he hunted down. The rest were now at Nightmare's mercy. If they died in his domain, their souls would feed the Shadow, pushing the tenebrous stallion closer to Supremacy. But if they continued to live, their dreams would strengthen his legion of horrors.

Of course, there was a possibility that an especially ferocious abomination could destroy all of his nightmares, like Sunny had done in the Kingdom of Hope... but the chances of something like that happening were low. Not only were Nightmare Creatures less resolute than Sunny had been, but the current Nightmare was also much more powerful than he had been all that time ago. The weaker of his horrors were being destroyed, but the stronger ones slowly took their place.

As for the dark destrier himself, he was currently busy with a very important and sensitive task.

After a while, Nephis suddenly spoke:

"Would you mind sharing how you put all these abominations to sleep?"

Sunny smiled behind the visor of his helmet, suddenly remembering their first meeting on the Forgotten Shore.

He kept silent for a few moment, then answered neutrally:

"I would not, if you shared something as well."

Nephis simply nodded.

"That seems fair."

Sunny contemplated the answer, then spoke simply:

"There is another Transcendent Terror serving me. His powers have to do with dreams... and nightmares. It took a long time to lull the inhabitants of this corner of the jungle to slumber, but it couldn't be helped. My Citadel would have never been safe if there was a constant source of danger underneath it. Now, I only have to worry about the enemies coming from outside my territory."

Nephis let out a sigh.

"I must admit. I am... a bit envious. My luck with Echoes has never been great."

It seemed that way, but actually, if she stopped giving all the Echoes she had earned to her companions and followers, the situation would have been different.

Of course, Sunny possessed a unique advantage - unlike Echoes, his Shadows could grow and evolve to higher Ranks.

Otherwise, his retinue would not have been anywhere near as powerful as it was now.

He lingered for a few moments, then said, his voice even:

"My turn to ask, then."

Sunny considered his words carefully.

"I've heard that you are an enlightened master of combat, Lady Nephis. A warrior who understands battle better than anyone else. So, as a master... if you had no other choice, how would you fight a Supreme?"

Nephis smiled faintly.Nephis smiled faintly.

"I'll assume that it is a hypothetical question." She lingered for a while, then answered casually:

"There are numerous ways to fight against a superior enemy, of course. Deception, manipulation, misdirection - all the usual tricks apply. Leveraging your advantages while making sure that the adversary is at a disadvantage. But, honestly... I wouldn't trust in complicated schemes and ingenious strategies when facing a Supreme."

Nephis fell silent for a moment and said, he voice devoid of any particular emotion:

"At the end of the day, the best way to fight a Sovereign... is to be a Sovereign."

Sunny chuckled.

'Interesting...'

It wasn't exactly what he had expected to hear. Nephis was currently in the middle of a grandiose and risky scheme, after all - infiltrating a Great Clan to take down its ruler. And yet, she was disparaging such an approach, saying that the best way to kill a Supreme was to first become a Supreme.

Was she having doubts about her plan?

Or preparing to execute a different one altogether? No, that was impossible... she would never be allowed to challenge the Fourth Nightmare, let alone return from it and live.

The jungle swallowed his quiet laughter, and in the ensuing silence, Nephis asked:

"What about you, Lord Shadow? How would you fight a Supreme?"

He thought for a bit, then shrugged nonchalantly.

"Me? Simple, really... I would probably wait until the two of them clashed, watch one die and the other become weakened, and then stab the one who survived in the back."

Nephis tilted her head slightly. When she spoke, her voice sounded a little amused:

"Are you very confident in your backstabbing skill, Lord Shadow?"

Sunny smiled behind the onyx visor.

"Pretty confident, I guess. None of those I stabbed in the back ever complained."

Well, because they were dead.

The corner of her lips curled upward.

The two of them remained silent for a while.

Eventually, Sunny said:

"I have another question."

He guided them to a barely noticeable path. The white radiance of Neph's flames was stark as it chased the darkness away... the darkness retreated, but not far, revealing the vibrant vermilion moss and the red vines growing on the twisted trunks of ancient trees. As soon as the two of them passed, the darkness returned, swallowing everything anew.

Sunny sighed.

"Do you know the legend of Odysseus?"

Nephis seemed surprised by his question.

"Sure. Why?"

He spoke without turning his head, his cold voice remaining emotionless and even:

"Odysseus has been gone from his home for twenty years. Everyone thought him dead, and many suitors arrived to propose marriage to his widow. She refused them for a while, but they insisted that she must make a choice. One of them was meant for the throne of Ithaca."

Sunny paused for a moment, then continued:

"Eventually, Odysseus came back and infiltrated the gathering of the suitors disguised as a beggar. Bringing himself into the very home where his enemies dwelled. None of them recognized him, assuming that he was weak and posed no threat. They were wrong."

The jungle rustled around them as his voice turned a little sinister:

"Odysseus then ruthlessly massacred the suitors, not sparing a single one. Not only that, but he even viciously killed the maids who had been deemed disloyal. A river of blood was spilled on that day, and scores of people lost their lives, their bodies sliced and mutilated. So, my question is.."

He stopped and turned, facing Nephis and her pure white flames.

"Isn't Odysseus too cruel?"

She looked at him for a while, her beautiful grey eyes filled with dancing flames.

Eventually, Nephis said in her usual calm tone:

"You've never hated anyone, have you, Lord Shadow? It seems to me... that you are a very kind man."

He laughed.

"That is a first. I've been called many things before, but kind... I don't think I've ever heard this one."

He turned away and continued walking deeper into the jungle.

"You are wrong, by the way. I know hatred, too. I am a very hateful person, in fact..."

Granted, his hatred was probably not as scorching as hers.

**********


                                Chapter 1670: Welcome to the Jungle
--------------------
The Fragment of the Shadow Realm was vast, its darkness drowning not only the surface of the dead god's sternum, but also swallowing a considerable stretch of the abominable jungle thriving in its hollow depths. The Dream Curse had lulled the Nightmare Creatures populating the area to sleep, so it was relatively safe.

Sunny and Nephis moved with sufficient speed, reaching the edges of the Fragment in a matter of hours. They could have been much faster, of course, but he used that time to teach her about the dangers of what lay beyond.

"The jungle is hidden from the gaze of the sky, but it is much more dangerous than the surface. The Nightmare Creatures of Godgrave are all born on the surface, yet only those who are strong enough to survive there descend into the Hollows. Here, they can exist indefinitely... in theory. In practice, they are all cannibals. The competition for water and nourishment is fierce, so the inhabitants of the jungle constantly fight and devour each other.”

Nightmare Creatures were known to battle among themselves - it was only in the presence of humans that they united to destroy the uncorrupted first. It was much worse in the Hollows, though, where every abomination was of a type that had to satisfy its hunger often. Life and death came swiftly, and only the most vicious ones lasted for a while.

His tone remained indifferent.

"Only the strongest and most fierce abominations get to descend into the jungle, and only the most ferocious of them get to survive here. It's a boiling pot of horror, where appalling monsters endlessly fight against each other, and only the most dreadful of them gets to live. As a result, the average power of a Nightmare Creature from the Hollows is truly daunting, and has been constantly growing for centuries."

Nephis sighed behind him.

"Doesn't it remind you of something?"

Sunny shrugged.

"It's a bit like a demented, accelerated version of evolution, I guess.”

She looked at a sleeping abomination nearby, a contemplative expression on her face.

"...I was thinking that they are just like us."

He remained silent for a moment.

"I'm not sure I follow."

Nephis looked away from the Nightmare Creature and used her sword to slice apart a thick vine that barred her path. Her voice sounded a bit wistful:

"The Spell sends human youths into the First Nightmare, and only those who are strong enough get to return. Then, it tosses them into the Dream Realm, where they need to constantly fight for survival. To grow stronger, they need to consume Nightmare Creatures... or each other. So, we humans aren't that different from the abominations of Godgrave."

Sunny smiled darkly. The parallel was indeed there, it was just that the pace of human advancement was magnitudes faster than that of the Nightmare Creatures here in the Hollows. What had taken the abominations thousands of years could very well be accomplished by humanity in less than a century.

The Spell was cruel, but effective.

He shrugged.

"In any case, this jungle is teeming with Great Nightmare Creatures. There are Cursed ones here, as well - I'll do my best to help us avoid them today. There are some Corrupted abominations too. These ones are too weak to contend against the stronger creatures, so they have developed many vile survival strategies."

His face twisted behind the onyx visor.

"Many are tiny and aim to burrow into your flesh. Most are venomous. Some lure their prey into a helpless state with mind attacks or illusions. Pretty much all of them are great masters of disguise, blending in with the jungle. Try to rely on your hearing more than you do on your sight... and if we encounter a swarm of vermin, don't hesitate to burn them all to ash."

Sunny's own most glaring weakness was that he did not possess means of dealing potent damage over a large area. So, he was vulnerable to vast swarms of tiny parasites. In that sense, having Nephis with him was a boon - her ability to control incinerating flames covered for his weakness.

They had always made a good pair in battle.

He smiled quietly.

"Everything I mentioned can be applied to the plants here, as well. This abominable jungle is just as predatory as the Nightmare Creatures populating it. So, be wary of things that seem like they can't move, too."

Nephis remained silent for a while, then said, her tone slightly amused:

"I see that you've chosen a lovely place to live, Lord Shadow. A bit deadly, though."

He chuckled.

"Don't you live in Bastion, Lady Nephis? That place is far more deadly, I think."

She didn't answer, perhaps expressing agreement.

Slowly, the impenetrable darkness around them receded. They were approaching the boundary of the Fragment.

Not long after that, the true appearance of the subterranean jungle finally revealed itself.

Sunny and Nephis stopped, looking at the wild expanse of vibrant forest in front of them.

The Hollows were mostly dark, but there were towering pillars of light falling from above here and there - those were the cracks in the dome of the ancient sternum. Currently, each was connected to the jungle by colossal tendrils of vines, moss, and vermilion growth, each functioning like a twisted sky bridge.

When it rained on the surface, great waterfalls fell from the cracks, washing over the jungle and causing devastating flash floods.

When the veil of clouds was torn, the vertical bridges ignited in a grandiose conflagration and turned to ash, which rained on the jungle and fertilized its soil.

The cracks in the bone weren't the only source of light in the Hollows, either. The jungle itself glowed with dim crimson light, many iridescent plants growing in the damp darkness. They were feeding on diffused sunlight through the vines extended to the surface, and then slowly released it, emanating light and heat.

The sight of it all was alien, eerie, and frightening.

But also darkly breathtaking.

Letting out a quiet sigh, Nephis dismissed her flames and studied the jungle for a few moments. Then, she closed her eyes and listened to it.

Eventually, she said:

"I don't think we'll make it in time if we proceed on foot. Should we fly?"

Sunny glanced at her and hesitated for a moment.

"I'm not that great at aerial combat... at the moment. Flying will be much faster, yes. But also much more dangerous."

Nephis thought it over, then nodded calmly.

"Then, let's fly…”

**********

