Shadow Slave - PART 174
Chapters 1731 to 1740
==============================


                                Chapter 1731 Slaying Blade.
--------------------
NQSC was still shivering in the embrace of winter, but the smell of spring was in the air. The deserted alleys of the outskirts were drowning in dirty snow and deep shadows, with no one to clean the former and no lights to dispel the latter. Many of the decrepit human hives stood empty, their tall walls forming lightless wells.

The people who used to populate the hives had long abandoned the cradle of humanity for the vast and dreadful expanse of the Dream Realm.

Sunny was leaning against a wall in one of the alleys. He was clad in the fearsome carapace of the Onyx Mantle, hiding his face behind a mask — not exactly a suitable attire for the waking world. His appearance would have probably frightened the mundane passersby, if there were any. Granted, he was standing in the shadows, so no mundane human could see him anyway.

«Feels so strange. I can barely recognize the place.»

The outskirts of today were too different from the overpopulated, suffocating slums where he had grown up. Times were changing, and NQSC was changing with them.

Sunny had believed that the world was unchanging, once upon a time. The great upheavals of history — the decimating wars, the descent of the Nightmare Spell, the legendary achievements of the First Generation — had happened long before, reshaping the ways of humanity. But by the time he was born, everything seemed lasting and stable, and so, he simply took that stability for granted.

It was a strange feeling, to realize that he was living in the very thick of history instead. Who knew that there had never been any stability, and that the reality he knew was fleeting like a mirage?

He sighed and touched his mask briefly.

The mask he wore was the Memory he had created, [Definitely Not Me]. Unlike Weaver's Mask, which resembled the ferocious face of a demon, this one was quite human, and entirely expressionless. With impenetrable darkness nestling in its eyes, the emotionless mask was quite eerie.

It was also not as comfortable as Weaver's Mask, which hurt his craftsman's pride a little.

He sighed.

«That lazy guy in Bastion is really worthless.»

Calling himself names was perhaps not very healthy, but certainly amusing.

Sunny looked down.

Many things were happening at the same time. Nephis had received the orders of the Clan Valor elders and was supposed to meet him today to relay their will. In the distant Song Domain, Rain had made her way to the roving camp of the road construction crew and was hired as a laborer. The guy in Bastion… truth be told, there was no time to be lazy.

From playing the role of the Memory Purveyor for the Fire Keepers to preparing to forge a sword for Nephis, that incarnation of his was the busiest right now. Not to mention that he had to craft a few Memories for Rain in advance of her Awakening.

The war was drawing closer, and time was running out.

…Nephis, meanwhile, was running late.

Sunny was growing bored. To dispel the boredom, he sent some essence into the Handy Bracelet and summoned the runes.

He studied them for a while, went over his Memories, and finally settled his gaze on the list of his Shadows.

Soon, the runes describing the Soul Serpent ignited in the darkness.

Shadow: Soul Serpent.

Shadow Rank: Transcendent.

Shadow Class: Terror.

Shadow Description:

[When the end came, Shadow was the last of the gods to be destroyed. Many have resented him for creating death, but in the end, death embraced all.]

His gaze lingered on the description.

Sunny had read these runes for the first time a long, long time ago. Back then, it all seemed so strange and mysterious. Now, however… although he knew more about how Shadow God had created death and what it meant, the description of Soul Serpent still touched upon a great mystery.

One of the last great mysteries that Sunny still could not solve.

He knew how the war between the gods and the daemons had started, and why. But how did it end? How were the gods destroyed? What could have killed the creator of death?

For now, there was no answer.

Shaking his head a little, Sunny continued to read the runes.

Shadow Attributes: [Shadow Guide], [Spirit Guide], [Soul Weapon], [Soul Beast], [Soul Companion].

Three of the Attributes had been there before the first enhanced Sunny's essence control when Serpent was in its tattoo form, the second allowed Serpent to become a weapon, the third allowed it to assume the form of a beast.

The [Spirit Guide] and the [Soul Companion] Attributes were new.

He concentrated on them.

Attribute: Spirit Guide.

[Spirit Guide] Attribute Description:

«Soul Serpent enhances the rate at which its master can absorb elemental essence.»

Of course, both the name and the description of the Attribute had been written by Sunny himself, and were the result of his own observations and consideration. Actually, he did not know if this new power of Serpent's was a separate Attribute or an evolution of the [Shadow Guide]. However, there was an important distinction between the two that had made him divide the them.

It was that the [Shadow Guide] only functioned when Serpent was in the form of a tattoo, while the [Spirit Guide] did not. Whether it was the tattoo, the Soul Weapon, or the Soul Beast forms, spirit essence at least that of shadows seemed more active around Serpent, and nourished Sunny's soul better.

Perhaps there was something else to that Attribute, but he did not know. In any case, it was quite useful.

The [Soul Companion] Attribute's name and description, likewise, included some guessing on Sunny's part. He had assumed that it was an evolution of the [Serpentine Steel] Ability at first, but eventually decided otherwise.

Attribute: Soul Companion.

[Soul Companion] Attribute Description: «Soul Serpent can fuse with its master's Shadow Shell, granting it some of its Abilities.

Sunny felt that he had not explored the depths of this Attribute yet, but what he did know was that just like Serpent could augment his body as a tattoo, it could also enhance his Shadow Shell. The Abilities that the Shell could channel were [Soul Reaver] and [Slaying Blade].

And speaking of Abilities…

He lingered for a while, then continued to read the runes.

Shadow Abilities: [Serpentine Steel], [Soul Reaver], [Grace of Shadows], [Formless], [Mark of Shadows], [Slaying Blade].

The first four Abilities were quite familiar to Sunny. The first allowed the Soul Weapon form of Serpent to assume the shape of any weapon, the second granted Sunny a portion of essence of those slain by its Soul Weapon or Soul Beast forms, the third allowed Sunny to bestow Serpent on someone else, and the fourth allowed Serpent to assume the forms of shadows dwelling in Sunny's soul.

The fifth and the sixth Abilities were new.

[Mark of Shadows]… was a peculiar Ability, and one Sunny knew the least about, since there was no good opportunity to experiment with it.

Ability: Mark of Shadows.

[Mark of Shadows] Ability Description:

«Soul Serpent allows the Lord of Shadows to mark his vassals.»

Sunny honestly did not know how it worked, exactly, so he had allowed himself a few liberties when composing that description. He had been able to find out that Serpent could… create lesser versions of itself, for lack of better word. Theoretically, Sunny could place a serpent tattoo on someone, after which a little soul snake would be born in their soul.

What was that snake capable of? Was it a new being or a manifestation of Serpent? He wasn't sure. Sunny had tried to mark his Shadows, but since they did not really have normal souls, the Ability did not work. He had also tried to mark Rain, but nothing happened. He guessed that the soul needed to be at least Awakened to nourish and accommodate the little soul snake, and for the Mark of Shadows to take root.

And since there were no other volunteers, his experiments had ended there… for now.

All he could tell was that the [Mark of Shadows] was connected to the [Grace of Shadows], or maybe even an evolution of it. It was a way to share some benefits of being the master of Soul Serpent without parting with it entirely.

And finally… there was the [Slaying Blade].

The most mysterious of Serpent's Abilities.

What was written in the runes had mostly come from Sunny's intuition, corroborated only slightly by careful observation. Something like that… was hard to observe.

Ability: Slaying Blade.

[Slaying Blade] Ability Description:

«When in its Soul Weapon form, Soul Serpent embodies the Death aspect of Shadow God. As such, it ignores the will of greater beings.»

Perhaps Sunny should have capitalized the word «will». Creatures of higher Ranks, such as the Corrupted Tyrant, Condemnation, had a way of bending the world to their will…

And what was the foremost will of all living beings?

The will to survive. The will to continue existing.

Therefore, killing truly powerful beings was not simply a question of cutting them down. The killing intent of the murderer had to overpower their will to exist, as well. Without the tyrannical will to kill, the sharpest of blades would fail to cut their skin, and the most gruesome of wounds would fail to extinguish their lives.

…Unless Soul Serpent was involved.

From what Sunny could tell, when Serpent assumed its Soul Weapon form, it was as deadly to the greater beings as it was to mundane creatures. He did not have a very rich experience of slaying truly powerful abominations, so this statement was inconclusive… but, from what Sunny had seen, it was also undeniable.

He wasn't sure how it worked, exactly — maybe his killing will was enhanced, maybe the will to exist of the enemy was weakened… or even completely ignored. In any case, he was certain that the Serpent's Soul Weapon form was unexplainably deadly.

Which wasn't particularly useful to him, for now, since most of the enemies he fought did not possess that much of the Will.

And yet, Sunny felt that as his power continued to grow, the caliber of the enemies he faced would also become increasingly inconceivable… and, therefore, the [Slaying Blade] would gain more and more importance in the future. Tremendously so.

«If I live long enough to see that future.»

As he thought that, there was a sound, and he sensed movement at the periphery of his shadow sense.

Soon, a luxurious PTV awkwardly made its way through the snow and stopped some distance away from him. The passenger door opened, and a familiar figure climbed out of the vehicle, looking around with a deadpan expression.

Sunny dismissed the runes and smiled behind the mask.

Nephis had arrived.

**********


                                Chapter 1732: Luxurious Ride.
--------------------
Nephis was wearing inconspicuous civilian clothes… well, there was a medieval flair to them, since the fashion trends had changed in that direction after the advent of the Dream Gates. in the past, only Legacies dressed that way, and even then only for special occasions. But now, it wasn't strange to see people in the affluent districts of NQSC wearing capes, waistcoats, and gambesons.

Neph's neat ensemble was tailored to fit her figure perfectly. She wore pristine white, her half-shoulder cape embroidered with golden thread — of course, it covered her shield arm, leaving the sword arm free. All in all, she looked exactly how one would imagine a princess of a great clan should look like — beautiful and breathtaking, her clothes blending modest restraint with opulence.

She looked out of place in the dirty desolation of the outskirts. Or, rather… the outskirts looked out of place when near her.

As Nephis was looking around, Sunny moved and emerged from the deep shadows, stopping at the border between darkness and light.

«Lady Nephis.»

She turned to him, then took a few steps and bowed slightly.

«Lord Shadow, I am sorry for making you wait.»

Then, she tilted her head a little and studied him. Her gaze briefly explored his onyx armor, then drifted to the emotionless mask

After a short pause, Nephis asked:

«Don't you think that your attire is a bit unsuitable for the waking world?»

Sunny smiled behind the mask, then raised his chin a bit.

«Why? I think I look quite good. Don't you?»

She seemed to be startled by the question. Of course, her expression remained calm, with none of that bafflement finding its way onto her face but after spending some time with Nephis in Bastion, Sunny was slowly relearning how to read her emotions.

Eventually, she said:

«You look… unique. I guess.»

Her tone was flat.

Sunny grinned behind the mask, the darkness nestling in its eye remaining cold and inscrutable.

Honestly, he was glad to have the mask hiding his features. Recently, he had been spending a lot of time with Nephis in Bastion, and most of it was… emotionally charged and intense enough that maintaining a calm facade was somewhere between a burden and a torment. He was tired from trying to keep his feelings in check or hiding them when all else had failed.

Playing the role of an aloof Lord of Shadows was a bit of a relief.

He nodded.

«You look stunning as well, Lady Nephis.»

She gave him a strange look.

Sunny wanted to chuckle, but held himself back. Remembering his previous blunder, he briefly considered adding that Ki Song's daughter could not compare. But after contemplating the matter deeply, he wisely decided not to remind Nephis about them at all.

«Shall we?»

She gestured to the luxurious PTV and walked back to the passenger door.

The interior of the vehicle was just as opulent as its exterior. The seats were upholstered with genuine Nightmare Creature leather, while natural wood was used for the fittings and fixtures. There was even a refrigerated bar with various beverages and a table with refreshments.

Sunny stared at the refrigerated bar, momentarily lost in studying its construction. Was it purely electrical or used spelltech? If so, which kind?

While he was lost in contemplation, the PTV softly drove off.

«Right, I forgot to ask where we are going, exactly.»

As if reading his mind, Nephis spoke in a calm tone:

«The elders were surprisingly open to most of your terms. Still, a few details still need to be discussed. We are going to meet with a representative of Clan Valor and reach the final agreement.»

Sunny stared at her silently.

The PTV was much smaller than his dearly missed Rhino, but still more spacious than most civilian vehicles. Therefore, although they were sitting on the same seat, Nephis was regrettably a bit far.

Would it have killed her to sit closer?

He asked evenly:

«Are you not a representative of Clan Valor, Lady Nephis?»

She smiled faintly.

«I am. However, there are people who represent it more.»

After that, both of them kept quiet for a while. The PTV made its way out of the outskirts and passed the great barriers of NQSC, bypassing the usual inspection procedures entirely. The Great Clans stood high above the most privileged of classes, so those associated with them enjoyed a lot of convenience.

Of course, all of it was a little ironic.

The PTV, the warm clothes Nephhis wore — all of it was a masquerade that people like them willingly upheld. In truth, she did not need to wear a cape in the winter cold, because no mundane cold could bring discomfort to a Saint.

As for the vehicle… Nephis could fly, while Sunny could breach great distances with Shadow Step. More than that, both of them could run much faster than the PTV could drive. So, using one had little point.

He lingered for a few moments, then asked:

«Why are you dressed so warmly?»

She seemed to have understood his meaning and shrugged with a faint smile.

«Helps me feel human.»

Sunny tilted his head.

Indeed. There was a purpose for the masquerade that went beyond simple convenience.

However, he was sitting here clad in battle armor. His demeanor and actions seemed to go against such conventions… so, what did Nephis think of him? That he wasn't human, or that he did not care to feel like one?

Sunny turned to look at the partition separating the passenger side from the driver's cabin. Even though he could not see who was driving the car, he could sense their shadow. It was a familiar one, belonging to one of the Fire Keepers.

The PTV was also decently armored and fitted with sound isolation materials, so he could probably speak freely.

After hesitating for a few moments, he asked:

«I was thinking about one of our previous conversations.»

Nephis glanced at him with a hint of curiosity.

«Oh?»

Sunny stared ahead indifferently.

«You said that if one wants to kill a Sovereign, they need to become a Sovereign. Hypothetically speaking, of course. Do you really think that there is no other way?»

She seemed calm. But then again, she always did.

…Unless Effie was involved.

After a long stretch of silence, Nephis looked away and shook her head.

«It is not only a necessity, but also the only acceptable way.»

Sunny did not say anything, knowing what she meant. The Sovereigns… had covered their backs, indeed.

Nephis sighed:

«There are hundreds of millions of mundane people living across the two Domains, by now. Their number is constantly increasing. There are many more Sleepers each year, as well, but not nearly as many as there should have been. Because those who enter the Dream Realm through one of the Sovereign Gates are protected from having to undergo the First Nightmare, As long as they don't leave the borders of their Domain, the Spell won't call upon them.»

Her expression darkened.

«So, what will happen if a Sovereign falls, and their Domain collapses? All those mundane people will Instantly be taken by the Spell. The casualties will be harrowing, and the nascent human civilization in the Dream Realm will be decimated. The only way to avoid such a result is for another Supreme to take the place of the one who fell, and for a new Domain to rise from the ruins of the one that was destroyed.»

She looked at Sunny somberly:

«Do you see, Lord Shadow? You asked me how I would fight a Sovereign. Killing a Sovereign is tremendously hard, but not impossible… killing one in a way that I can stomach is much more vexing. You might not harbor similar concerns, but… something tells me that you do. So, you see in the hypothetical situation you presented, becoming a Supreme is not only what has to be done, but also what needs to be done. I won't have it any other way, nor can I.»

As she finished speaking, the PTV came to a halt.

Nephis smiled.

«But let's not discuss such dreadful matters anymore. We have arrived.»

Sunny nodded and prepared to exit the vehicle. As he did, he asked with a hint of indifference:

«Who are we meeting?»

Nephis opened the door and climbed out, then said without turning back:

«Oh, didn't I mention? We are meeting my sister…»

**********


                                Chapter 1733: Familiar Stranger.
--------------------
Sunny did not show any outward reaction — the Lord of Shadows was not someone who would be agitated by a mere mention of the Princess of War, after all.

Internally, though, he was troubled.

«Morgan…»

His relationship with Morgan of Valor was not very deep, but it was rather impactful. From their first meeting in the arena of the Dream Tournament, to his brief stint as her sparring partner, to the hellish journey across the Nightmare Desert… he couldn't say that he hated her a lot, but he also couldn't say that there was any sympathy between them.

First and foremost, Morgan represented the Great Clans in his mind. Not only their callousness, but also their dread and might. As such, he could never quite perceive her as an individual… which was, perhaps, a little unfair, but also understandable.

There had been a time when Morgan represented the pinnacle of power in his mind…

That time was long gone.

By now, Sunny was confident that he was superior to her in all but a few aspects.

Morgan did possess a diabolical talent for warfare and strategy… the cruel stratagem she had pulled off in Antarctica would have decimated the forces of Song, costing the Queen of Worms several of her most cherished daughters and the chance to claim the Tomb of Ariel — if not for the sudden arrival of the Nightmare Gates, of course.

And that was despite Mordret scheming to ruin Varor behind the scenes.

However, that was not what troubled Sunny. What troubled him was that he did not know the current Morgan at all.

The old Morgan was dangerous, but familiar, like a sharp sword. The new Morgan was a stranger. There were rumors that she had changed a lot after suffering a defeat at the hands of her brother, and the mystery surrounding her Third Nightmare did not help.

Someone cunning and unfamiliar was the exact kind of person he would have preferred to avoid.

However, there was no avoiding her now.

Sighing quietly, Sunny followed Nephis into a lavish building.

It seemed that the elders of Clan Valor were being considerate today. They had not invited him to the heavily guarded compound of the Great Clan, choosing neutral territory to conduct the meeting instead. It was just that…

The territory they had selected was an exclusive restaurant frequented by the elites of NQSC. Sunny, in his onyx armor, looked more than a little out of place when a dapper maître d' led them to a private booth on the lowest underground level of the luxurious establishment. He caught a few stairs…

But not as much as Nephis.

She ignored them casually, so he followed suit and acted as if it was the restaurant that was at fault for the mismatch, not the other way around.

«Is that the way of a Legacy?»

Soon, they entered a spacious underground chamber. The interior here was worthy of being called a work of art, with tasteful decor and softly murmuring water features creating a pleasant and tranquil atmosphere.

Or rather, it would have been tranquil if not for the dangerous presence of the woman who sat behind the table, enjoying a glass of red wine.

«…Well, some things never change, I guess.»

Morgan was as striking as he had been before. She was dressed in a flawlessly tailored business suit, which was entirely black — just like the fashionable leather gloves she wore on her hands. Her raven-black hair only made her alabaster skin look paler, and there were only three flashes of vibrant color about her — her ruby cufflinks, her red lips, and her daunting vermilion eyes.

Her presence was much more powerful and cold than it had been in the past. The luxurious chamber was permeated by a sense of lethal sharpness, as if everything here was a hidden blade.

However, what drew Sunny's attention the most was something that he could not quite put into words. Morgan seemed… different, somehow. Whether it was her sharp gaze or elegant demeanor, everything about her seemed the same, but also fundamentally changed.

Perhaps she had just matured… perhaps it was something else.

In any case, Sunny found it much harder to only perceive Morgan as an extension of Clan Valor and its ruler, as opposed to a person.

«…What is up with Morgan?»

While Sunny was staring at her silently, she put down the wine glass and smiled.

Her smile was perfectly pleasant, but looked cold and infinitely sharp despite having no reason to.

«You are here, sister. Finally.»

Nephis simply nodded.

«Lord Shadow, this is my older sister, Princess Morgan of Valor. Sister, this is Saint Shadow.»

Hiding behind the mask, Sunny studied them without saying anything.

The two did not look like sisters. In fact, with one dressed in white, and the other in black, they looked as if someone had consciously attempted to create two exquisite beauties who were the exact opposite of each other.

Morgan looked at him with curiosity.

«Ah, the hermit Saint of Godrave. I've heard a lot about you, Lord of Shadows. It is a pleasure to finally meet you face-to-face. Or… face-to-mask, 1 guess.»

Her smile widened a little.

Sunny tilted his head, then walked over to the table and pulled out a chair for Nephis. Once she was seated, he sat down himself and stared at Morgan, who had been observing his actions curiously.

«The pleasure is mine, Lady Morgan. I've heard a lot about you, too.»

She raised an eyebrow.

«Oh? Only good things, I hope.»

Sunny kept quiet for a moment, considering what to say.

Eventually, he spoke in a cold and indifferent tone:

«That brother of yours paid me a visit. He seemed like a weakling.»

The implication was clear… a person who knew Mordret's true background would undoubtedly know about the Battle of the Black Skull. Therefore, what Sunny had said meant the following:

«I fought your pathetic brother and defeated him easily, You had fought him and lost miserably. Doesn't that make you the true weakling?»

Of course, Mordret was not weak. He was the opposite, The vessel that had visited Sunny in Godgrave was merely one of countless that the Prince of Nothing controlled, and an expendable one to boot. Which meant that it did not possess a lot of power… nevertheless, that weak body had somehow traversed the harrowing hell of the Death Zone and arrived at the Nameless Temple in one piece.

Even then, Sunny had only defeated it easily because Mordret had no knowledge of how dangerous his soul was, anymore. The legion of silent shadows dwelling in Sunny's soul took care of the rest.

Sadly, it was a trick that would only work once.

What would happen the next time Sunny and Mordret met? He wasn't sure.

No one truly knew how many bodies the Prince of Nothing controlled. His Transformation Ability was similar to that of the Soul Stealer — it allowed Mordret to split his soul and wear multiple bodies at once. It seemed to be weaker than that of the appalling Plague, though… or at least more limiting for someone who had not succumbed to Corruption and wanted to remain sane.

Otherwise, Mordret could have probably consumed all of humanity by now.

Sometimes, when Sunny walked around the crowded streets of Bastion, he looked at the faces in the crowd and felt momentarily overcome by fear, thinking that he had no way to know if… maybe… Mordreat already had.

If everyone had already been turned into his marionettes, with only Sunny and a few powerful people left alive, not knowing that they were surrounded from all sides.

…It was a disturbing feeling.

Chasing the paranoia away, Sunny glanced at Morgan and waited for her reaction.

She looked at him silently for a few moments. And then threw her head back, laughing melodiously.

«Oh, right. You met that despicable person. And roughed him up! That makes me like you, already. Please, tell me more…»

**********


                                Chapter 1734: Behind closed doors.
--------------------
After the initial pleasantries, it was time for the actual negotiations. However, Sunny did not have to strain himself too much most of the work had already been done by Nephis and Cassie, so he could just reap the rewards of their efforts.

Still, he felt a little wistful.

The situation was reminiscent of the last time he had to negotiate with Valor — back then, it was Morgan who had come to represent the Great Clan, as well. Sunny had been a mere Master and in hot water with her family because of the incident in the Night Temple, trying to avoid becoming their retainer at all costs.

«Times have changed…»

Today, he was trying to come to Valor's side, instead. However, the situation was entirely different.

His position had been hopelessly below the Great Clan back then, and therefore, there had been almost no room for negotiations. Now, Valor needed him much more than he needed them… at least on the surface. As such, he held all the leverage, and could dictate his terms freely.

Morgan sipped her wine and smiled.

«So, let me get it straight, Lord Shadow. You are willing to ally yourself with the Sword Domain in the upcoming war. You will fight on our side, aiding our armies to the best of your ability. Which, by the way, must be truly a sight to behold, considering how Impressed my sister seemed after returning from Godgrave. Taken, even…»

Sitting by his alde, Nephis remained perfectly Impassive.

He noticed her grip on the stem of her glass tightening, though, and smiled behind the mask.

Morgan continued:

«However, you refuse to swear allegiance to my father. You also insist on retaining sole ownership of your Citadel… which, as you must know, is the most precious thing you possess, in the context of this conflict. More than that, you are only willing to make a personal deal with my sister, not a pact with Clan Valor as a whole. Am I correct?»

Sunny nodded.

«Indeed.»

Morgan laughed again.

«Ah, really… if I hadn't known any better, I would have thought that you harbor impure thoughts about my little sister, Lord Shadow. You… you don't, do you?»

He answered evenly:

«Not at the moment, no.»

Nephis spared him a calm glance, Before Morgan could reply, however, Sunny added in the same aloof tone:

«I hear that Clan Valor offered a marriage alliance to the House of Night, Lady Morgan, but you were refused by that young Saint. I wonder if the rumors are true.»

His wording was ambiguous, leaving room for Interpretation. Did he mean that Clan Valor was refused, or that Morgan herself was?

Her smile turned a little sharper, her tone sullen:

«I must say… for a famous recluse, you are very well-informed, Lord Shadow.»

By now, everyone powerful enough to be informed of his existence had to be wondering about his identity. Someone as strong as the Lord of Shadows could not have appeared out of nowhere the Legacy Clans, especially, would not believe that he was a nobody. They believed in family background and pedigree too much… and for a good reason, considering their own accomplishments.

From what Sunny knew, the most popular theory about his background was the very same that had often made his ears bleed as Mongrel — that he was tied in some scandalous way to the founder of the House of Night, Nightwalker. Some considered him an outcast from the Song Domain, while some were certain that he was the bastard son of some Legacy Clan in the Sword Domain.

Those who knew more about the truth of the world even suspected that he had been secretly raised by the mysterious third Sovereign, Asterion, perhaps hailing from the same destroyed fringe faction as him.

Sunny wanted them to speculate as much as possible. The wilder their Imaginations ran, the further they would move from the truth, while simultaneously deepening the Impression of him in their minds.

Morgan shook her head and smiled.

«In any case… It's fine. You don't have to swear allegiance to my father. And you can keep your Citadel. Of course, we will need you to make some concessions in return.»

Sunny raised an eyebrow behind the mask.

He had expected that Morgan would acquiesce to his demands. However, he had not expected that she would do it so easily.

His refusal to accept Anvil as his king was easy to swallow. Right now, the King of Swords needed his strength more than his fealty — Sunny could maintain his independence, not becoming a part of the Sword Domain, until the war was over. It didn't matter too much, because once the war was over and Anvil conquered the world, forcing a recalcitrant Saint to submit or be eradicated would not present a problem.

If the war was lost, though…he would be dead, and therefore problem-free.

The Citadel, however, Sunny had thought that Valor would fight for the ownership of the Nameless Temple harder, It presented them with an enticing opportunity to spread the Sword Domain Into Godgrave before the war had even started, after all.

«I guess they are really wary of me offering my services to Song Instead.»

Or maybe there was something else at play. He would have to ask Cassie later.

For now, though…

Sunny stared at Morgan silently, then said without any emotion:

«That is good to hear. What concessions?»

She looked at him, interlocking her fingers and resting her chin on them.

«As my sister has informed you, the war will start with both clans establishing fortresses on the shoulders of the dead god. From there, we will venture deeper across the breastbone, slowly conquering Godgrave and searching for the Citadels in the Hollows. We will fight each other desperately in the process, of course, trying to stall the enemy.»

Sunny nodded, prompting her to continue:

«Although you can keep ownership of your Citadel, you will need to make it available to the forces of Clan Valor, In short, we will establish a secondary fortress there, garrisoned by a relatively small, but elite force of Awakened and Masters. They will have to place their anchors and make use of the Gateway, of course… but no Saints, as per our agreement.»

She smiled.

«I do not need to tell you how great of an advantage it would be to possess an operational base in the depths of Godgrave. Not only will we be able to hasten our exploration of it, but we will also have an opportunity to put pressure on Song from two sides, forcing them to allocate a significant force to defend their flank… unless they wish to have their supply lines cut, of course.»

He considered it for a few moments, then nodded.

«Acceptable.»

Morgan continued:

«Second, you will have to assist our Saints in establishing safe passages through the Hollows and share your knowledge of local topography, including the probable locations of unclaimed Citadels, the hunting territories of powerful Nightmare Creatures, and the general characteristics of the abominations dwelling in Godgrave. Having advance knowledge of these things will be of great help to the war effort, no doubt.»

Sunny tilted his head.

Venturing into the Hollows was dangerous, but unavoidable, He had expected a condition like that.

«I agree.»

She smiled and picked up her wine glass, bringing it to her red lips.

«Well, and lastly, all the rest that one would expect from an ally. You will participate in general battles against the enemy, take responsibility for your stretch of the battlefront, and so on. I trust a warrior like you won't be reluctant to prove his mettle.»

Sunny smiled behind the mask.

«I don't have a desire to prove anything to anyone, but sure. These terms suit me fine.»

Morgan nodded and offered him her hand.

«If only everyone was so easy to persuade. Then, I will look forward to working with you in the future, Lord Shadow.»

Sunny took her hand, feeling a bit… disappointed.

That was it? Wasn't it a bit anticlimactic?

They were talking about the war that would reshape the world, throw all of humanity into chaos, and potentially destroy it.

And yet, the words they spoke were so mundane.

But then again, maybe the fate of humanity had always been decided by dry conversations between very few people, held behind closed doors in opulent chambers.

He smiled.

«I am looking forward to the future, as well.»

**********


                                Chapter 1735 Toast to Loyalty.
--------------------
After Sunny and Morgan shook hands, the official part of the not-so-clandestine meeting was over. Of course, there were plenty of details left to discuss - what troops would be stationed in the Nameless Temple, how their accommodations would be organized, who would provide provisions to feed them, when the first mapping expedition would start, and a thousand more. But all these things could be decided at a later date, and in a less ostentatious company.

Morgan leaned back in her seat and raised her wine glass, smiling with satisfaction:

"This calls for a toast, if I do say so myself. The three of us will be fighting side by side soon, so... to loyal comrades. May we fare well."

Nephis took a sip of wine without saying anything, while Sunny simply stared at the table, full of regret.

He wasn't that attracted by the wine, but there was also a veritable feast in front of him, all dishes prepared by masterful chefs and both extravagantly expensive and endlessly delicious, without a doubt.

However... he was wearing a mask. So, none of these delicacies were destined to land in his mouth.

'Damn.’

Morgan looked at him with a smile.

"You aren't drinking, Lord Shadow?"

He stared at her silently for a few moments, then picked up the wine glass.

"To loyal comrades."

Sunny did not move, but on a wall behind him, his shadow picked up the shadow of the wine glass. It brought the shadow glass to its lips and leaned its head back, as if drinking. Then, it lowered its hand and returned to its previous position, copying his pose perfectly.

Morgan laughed.

"Fascinating."

Sunny smiled behind the mask.

It was indeed fascinating. The three of them were toasting to loyalty... each planning treason.

Morgan was playing nice for now, but as soon as the war was over, she would give the Lord of Shadows an ultimatum - submit or die. Sunny was promising to fight for Clan Valor, but he intended to betray them before the war reached a conclusion. Nephis was playing the role of an obedient daughter while planning to kill her adopted father, the King of Swords, and usurp his Domain.

This toast of Morgan's was quite funny, Sunny put the glass down, contemplating the ease with which Morgan had accepted his demanda. Was there really no other reason than to prevent him from siding with Song?

Claiming a Citadel in Godgrave could very well be the deciding factor of the entire war. Valor would not have given up on the Nameless Temple easily. Unless...

He turned his head and stared at Nephis, who was savoring her meal quietly.

'She wouldn't...'

Would she?

He lingered for a few moments, then asked in an indifferent tone:

"Why didn't you insist on claiming my Citadel, Lady Morgan?"

People usually tended to dance around the truth in these situations, but there was a benefit to playing the role of a reclusive, aloof, and eccentric Saint. If Sunny wanted to be direct, he could very well be as direct as he wanted.

Morgan seemed amused by his question.

She glanced at Nephis, then said in a pleasant tone:

"I can answer, but if you share what I say with anyone else, there'll be blood."

It didn't even sound like a treat, just like a fact.

Sunny did not bleed easily, so he was not Impressed. He stared at Morgan, waiting, but Nephis answered instead of her:

"It is indeed exceedingly Important to claim a Citadel in Godgrave. The side that manages to win the race will be able to unleash the power of its Sovereign upon the enemy first. There's no need to describe how meaningful such an event can be. lіghtnоvеlсаvе~с\о/m. But... even without the Nameless Temple, Valor possesses a vital advantage in that regard."

Sunny scowled behind the mask, not liking where it was headed.

Nephis took a sip of wine and continued calmly.

"That advantage... is me. And my Ivory Tower. The only Citadel among those conquered by humanity that can move.

He stared at her somberly.

After a few moments of cold silence, Sunny asked:

"Are you insane?"

Nephis smiled.

"I feel like I've been asked that before."

Sunny shook his head.

"You are planning to move the Ivory Tower into the skies above Godgrave? Do you have a death wish and fancy turning into ash?"

She lingered for a moment, then shrugged.

"I'll try to land it before that happens. In any case, you wanted to keep your Citadel, Lord Shadow, and that was the price. Now, you can have the Nameless Temple, while the Sword Domain has a chance of gaining a foothold in Godgrave.”

Morgan chuckled.

"My little sister is correct. Needless to say, Song must not know the details of our plans, I'll trust in your discretion, Lord Bhadow,

Bunny remained silent for a while, considering the Implications.

‘These damned fools...'

Bo she had agreed to this... for him?

Was it Neph's idea to bargain on his behalf, or Cassie's? Why were they being so reckless?

He was going to need to rethink a few things. The presence of the Ivory Tower in Godgrave seemed very improbable, given the region's lethal nature, so he had not seriously considered the possibility,

'Clan Song seems to be in for a very unpleasant surprise.’

Sunny contemplated silently,

He wanted to say something, but at the moment, the tranquil atmosphere of the underground chamber was suddenly broken by a grating, echoing ringing sound. The sound came from two directions, impossible to ignore.

Sunny frowned, recognizing it.

'Really? Now?’

Across the table from him, Morgan paused for a moment, then reached elegantly into the inner pocket of her suit jacket and pulled out a slick communicator. At the same time, Nephis unbuttoned her waistcoat and produced hers.

The two of them studied the screens in silence. After a few moments, Nephis showed her communicator to Sunny.

The Lord of Shadows had abandoned the waking world to dwell in the Dream Realm, so he naturally did not have one.

Sunny looked down, already knowing what he would see.

There, on the screen, an emergency notification was blinking urgently:

EMERGENCY ALERT

EMERGENCY ALERT

GATE ACTIVITY DETECTED IN YOUR PROXIMITY

ETA: ~37 minutes

EVACUATE IMMEDIATELY!

‘Thirty-seven minutes...'

The Obel Scale had become much more reliable after the conclusion of the Chain of Nightmares, but it had never quite managed to return to its past stability. Thirty-seven minutes was much more time than the citizens had received back when a Gate opened near Rain's school, but still far from a stellar result.

Nephis pressed on the notification, and a map opened on the screen, denoting the impact zone. After another tap, a further message showed up:

ATTENTION ALL AWAKENED

REQUEST IMMEDIATE ACTION

Gate Category: 2 (61% probability), 3 (34% probability), HIGHER (undefined).

Strike Force ETA: 14 minutes, 44 seconds.

He let out a small sigh.

This time, at least, the government forces would arrive far in advance of the Nightmare Gate's descent. The disaster would be contained, and civilians would have plenty of time to evacuate.

Then, Sunny glanced at Morgan with suspicion.

...Had she known that this would happen?

Logically, she could not have. But then again, all of it was a little too convenient. Choosing such a public location for their meeting was premeditated, without a doubt - Morgan clearly wanted to send Song a message that the Lord of Shadows was taking Valor's side.

Was there a better way to announce it than to be seen clearing a Gate side by side with him?

Not to mention that it was a good opportunity to gauge his strength.

Sensing his gaze, Morgan looked up from the screen and smiled helplessly.

"Ah, how bothersome. Do not worry, Lord Shadow... we can stay here until the turmoil ends. The restaurant is outfitted with top-notch defenses, and employs Awakened guards,"

She leaned back and then added in a relaxed tone:

"Or, you know... we can respond to the summons and help the government contain the Gate. You are my guest today, so you decide."

Sunny stared at her coldly, feeling like he was being played.

Before he could answer, though, Nephis wiped her lips with a napkin and stood up.

She hid her communicator, buttoned up her waistcoat, and glanced at Morgan calmly.

"I'll go."

Morgan laughed.

"My little sister is an example to us all, as always. Well, in that case, I'll go too."

Sunny sighed and threw a regretful look at all the food on the table.

Should he secretly leave a shadow behind and make it steal all these delicacies once they leave?

Abandoning that thought, he pushed back his chair and stood up, as well.

His voice remained indifferent:

"...Then let's go.”

**********


                                Chapter 1736 Make it Four.
--------------------
The three of them left the opulent chamber and headed to the surface level of the restaurant, intending to leave. Morgan walked in the front, while Sunny and Nephis followed a step behind.

As they approached the elevators, they could see the staff of the restaurant leading the guests to a heavily armored shelter. This place was usually visited by the elites of NQSC, after all - all of them were prominent citizens. Their safety had to be guaranteed for an exclusive establishment to fair well.

Many of the elites recognized Morgan and Nephis. Sunny could tell that all of them were relieved at the sight - especially when they saw Neph. Her reputation was not only that of a brilliant warrior, but also that of a selfless champion. Morgan could have decided to ignore a descending Gate, but Changing Star would never.

"Lady Nephis! Lady Morgan! Are you heading for the Gate?

Morgan slowed down a little and bowed slightly.

"Indeed. Have no worry, ladies and gentlemen. We will contain it in no time, and you'll be able to finish your meals in peace. Please excuse us."

Nephis bowed silently and continued on her way, surrounded by excited whispers.

As they entered the lift, Morgan sighed and looked at her sternly:

"Really, sister. Couldn't you have said something? That old man manages the hydroponic complex that supplies half of the grain to Bastion. The young couple is the daughter and son-in-law of the Chief Administrator of the central district of NQSC. The rest hold important positions, as well. Leaving a good impression would not hurt anyone, would it?"

Nephis glanced at her emotionlessly.

"...Actions speak louder than words."

Morgan laughed.

"What does the action of ignoring them say, then?"

However, she didn't press the issue. She wasn't someone who cared for ingratiating herself to people, either - in fact, it was the people who were desperate to get in her good graces.

Not only was Morgan a Saint, she was also the princess of the Sword Domain. Her importance would trample all of these elites combined.

Soon, they emerged from the restaurant. The beautiful building had undergone a transformation, plates of heavy armor descending to cover the doors and the windows. Sunny would have expected the armor to be made from reinforced alloy, but to his surprise, it was actually made from Dream Realm materials.

"Truly an exclusive establishment.

A familiar Fire Keeper, Sid, hastily opened the door of the PTV and invited them inside. The drive was a short one, only taking a few minutes - most of the vehicles on the road were moving away from the impact zone, but they were driving to its very heart.

In the end, they arrived almost at the same time as the first squids of the government forces.

The Gate manifested in a park. It had not opened yet, of course, but there was already a sinister atmosphere in the air. There was a strange haze above the frozen pond, a precursor to the appalling fissure that would split reality apart soon.

Armored vehicles had torn apart the white blanket of snow, and soldiers were hastily raising fortifications. The government Awakened were silently preparing for battle, while a small group of Awakened volunteers were huddled together, discussing their Aspects.

The arrival of the luxurious PTV caused quite a stir. And when Morgan and Nephis emerged from it, everyone simply froze, staring at them with wide eyes.

"That's... that's... the Sword Sisters..."

"Goddess Morgan! G-goddess Nephis!"

"Quiet, you fool! They are Saints! They can hear you!"

"Who is that with them?"

"Is he an Echo?”

"I don't know... but that guy is super creepy..."

Sunny stared at the soldiers menacingly, unhappy with the way they ogled Nephis.

Morgan and Nephis, meanwhile, calmly walked to the person in charge.

It was a Master wearing a military coat on top of light Memory armor. He, too, was both elated and taken aback at the sight of them.

"Uh... Lady Morgan. Lady Nephis. It is an honor to meet you."

Morgan nodded, flicking a snowflake off the lapel of her stylish black suit jacket.

"We were nearby. So, we decided to help."

The Master seemed relieved.

"That... that is great. With two Saints, we can..." Standing behind them, Sunny shifted slightly and looked up.

A wide smile appeared on his face, hidden by the emotionless mask.

"Three Saints. But, actually... make it four.'

No sooner than he thought it, there was a rustle, and a dashing figure descended from the grey aky.

The soldiers, who had been stunned by the arrival of two sublime beauties, now seemed dumbatruck.

"N-Nightsinger..."

"He's so... so…”

"Oh. My gods!"

"I am not dreaming, am I?"

Sunny's smile trembled.

"That bastard doesn't change!"

Indeed, the man who had descended from the sky was none other than Nightingale, Saint Kai... the Dragonslayer.

Wearing beautiful armor made from ivory scales and burnished bronze, with luscious auburn hair and mesmerizing green eyes, he was just as tantalizing as ever. No, even worse... lіghtnоvеlworld~со\m. Kai had always been unreasonably attractive, but now that he was a Saint, his beauty was almost blinding.

It was to the point where Sunny felt a strange impulse to look away, but was also incapable of doing so.

There were only two Transcendents out there who could challenge Kai in the looks department - one of them was Cassie, the other was Beastmaster.

...Sunny could not compete.

Not that he needed to!

'I have my charms, as well...'

Really, he looked quite good. It was just that anyone would feel that comparing themselves to Kai was simply unfair.

It was a cruel injustice!

While Sunny was staring at him sullenly, Kal landed softly in front of Morgan and bowed. Then, he looked up with a refreshing smile.

"Lady Nephis. Lady Morgan. Are you here to help?" Morgan remained silent a split second longer than usual, then reciprocated his smile.

"Ah, yes. As I was saying, we were nearby."

Kai's smile widened a little.

"Please accept my deepest gratitude. I've just returned from the Western Quadrant and happened to be in NQSC by chance. Truly, what a fortunate turn of events! This Gate won't disturb the citizens with such distinguished warriors protecting them."

Nephis looked at him and asked with a faint smile:

"How is Effie doing?"

He chuckled.

"Everything is well. The battle was a tough one, this time, but we pulled through. Little Ling already has a new favorite bedtime story."

With that, he turned to Sunny, lingered for a moment, and asked politely:

"It is a pleasure to meet you, sir. I am Saint Kal, with the government forces. And you are?"

Sunny hesitated, considering how to answer. Eventually, he decided to do some mischief. Staring at Kal emotionlessly, he said in a calm tone:

"You can call me Shadow, I am your best friend.”

Kai blinked a couple of times. Slowly, a funny expression appeared on his face. His thought process was rather clear...

'My best friend? I clearly have never met this person before.’

'But he doesn't seem to be lying?’

‘No, but it can't be true! I would have remembered having a best friend.’

'So if he's not lying, but also not telling the truth...'

‘I see! This man is insane! He sincerely believes his lie.’

‘Wait. Oh, gods! He's not a sasaeng, is he?!'

Kai's magnetic smile dimmed a little.

At that moment, Nephis gave Sunny a strange look and intervened.

"This is Saint Shadow. He is... a bit eccentric. He is also here to help."

Kai hesitated for a bit, then nodded dubiously.

"I see. Thank you for volunteering, Lord Shadow."

With that, he turned to the Master in charge of the government forces,

"Scrap the battle plan and move the your people back. We will take care of the Gate - with some luck, you guys won't even have to put down the stragglers"

The Master nodded gratefully.

"Yes, Saint Kall"

By then, the wind was stirring, and a strange dimness was spreading over the park. The air above the frozen pond was trembling more Intensely.

The descent of the Nightmare Gate was not far.

Kai turned to Morgan and Nephis, asking politely:

"How do you want to handle this?"

Morgan lingered for a few moments, then gave Sunny a teasing look.

Her red lips twisted into a smile, and she said pleasantly:

"Lord Shadow, would you like to do the honors? My sister was so eloquent when describing your prowess. I must admit, I am a little jealous at not having had the pleasure to witness it myself."

Sunny stared at her coldly.

‘...Want to measure my strength, do you?'

He remained silent for a while, then shrugged.

"Sure, Stay here, then. I'll handle it."

'Well, then you'll have to be disappointed!’

As the reality split, torn apart by a dark fissure, a graceful figure of a stone knight rose from his shadow, two ruby eyes igniting with cold crimson flames.

Sunny looked up at Saint, pointed at the Gate, and said evenly:

"Go deal with it."

His taciturn knight tilted her head slightly, then turned around and looked at the Gate.

Although she did not say anything, somehow, it felt as if her aloof gaze was full of disdain.

Summoning her black blade and a round shield, she gave its rim two lukewarm blows and headed toward the frozen pond with graceful, unhurried steps.

Morgan, Nephis, and Kai were left staring at her in bewilderment.

Sunny crossed his arms and said in an even, indifferent tone:

"That should do it. Everyone... relax and enjoy the show.”

**********


                                Chapter 1737 A walk in the Park.
--------------------
When the appalling darkness of the Nightmare Gate split reality apart, sunlight dimmed and turned strangely bleak, making the world look desaturated. A gust of cold wind rushed across the snowy park, as if the sky itself was being sucked into the black fissure. A moment later, an eerie shockwave rolled over the soldiers, making them stagger.

Neph's white cape fluttered in the wind, but none of the four Saints moved.

For a moment, the only being moving in the impact zone was Saint. She walked steadily toward the Gate, her graceful figure emanating the feeling of a cold, indifferent inevitability.

Kai stared at her back for a second, then cleared his throat.

«Your Echo seems really impressive, Lord Shadow. Stylish, too… such a chic and understated armor design… monochromatic in theme, yet rich and expressive instead of being dull. What a beautiful use of form and texture variation to counterbalance the lack of a dynamic palette… splendid, really! Wait… where was I?»

He paused for a moment, and then added with an embarrassed smile:

«Right. What I meant to say was… your Echo can stall the abominations and break their momentum. We will follow behind and engage the Nightmare Creatures when they get past her.»

Sunny glanced at him and tilted his head a little.

«…Get past her?»

Kai hesitated a little, unsure of what to say.

«Yes… there is a high enough possibility that this Gate will reach Category Three, after all. Even if she is a Transcendent Echo… it might be a bit tough.»

Sunny smiled behind the mask.

«Just watch.»

He turned away and stared at Saint. Kai, Nephis, and Morgan had no choice but to follow his example.

In fact, Sunny felt a bit awkward, just standing there and doing nothing while Saint did all the work…

He would have summoned the Shadow Chair and sat down, but sadly, that chair usually stood behind the reception desk of the Brilliant Emporium. Anyone who had visited the dining hall could recognize it at a glance.

«Standing awkwardly it is, I guess.»

Out there in front of them, the first of the Nightmare Creatures appeared from the dark fissure of the Nightmare Gate, It was a hulking beast with a bulging body, terrifying muscles moving smoothly under its tough grey hide. The abomination's hind legs seemed underdeveloped, but its front limbs were grotesquely large, resembling craggy tree trunks.

Two vicious tusks curved upward from its jaw, as long as pikes.

The beast let out a deafening bellow and charged forward, the ground shaking from its heavy footsteps.

Saint did not slow down. She simply lowered her shield, meeting the abomination's charge head-on, midstride.

In the next moment…

The dreadful tusks hit the onyx shield and shattered. Next was the creature's head. Its skull burst like a rotten pumpkin, splattering across the snow in a crimson wave. The massive abomination collided with the shield and was crushed into pulp against its surface, only to be tossed aside by a flick of the wrist a moment later, falling to the ground in a lifeless, bloody heap.

It was as though it had used Saint to commit suicide.

Standing by Sunny's side, Kai blinked.

Nephis, who had seen the taciturn Shadow before, seemed unsurprised. Morgan was too shrewd to show a reaction, but her gaze had turned a little sharper.

Sunny smiled.

In front of the Gate, more Nightmare Creatures were born from the appalling darkness. A tide of them, each seemingly powerful enough to rip an armored vehicle to shreds.

Saint finally seemed to pay them attention.

Gripping her sword, she lunged forward and turned into a dark blur. A cloud of snow, ice, and torn ground exploded into the air from where her foot had pushed against the ground.

By the time the soldiers had registered that, she was already among the abominations.

To them, it looked as if a hurricane of darkness descended upon the tide of Nightmare Creatures, tearing flesh from bones and swiftly turning crimson from the haze of blood. A cacophony of howls filled the air, and severed bodies rained down on the snow, which was swiftly painted red and melted under the heat of harrowing violence.

Of course, the four Transcendents could follow the battle clearly.

To them, it looked quite different.

Instead of the hurricane of blurry darkness, they saw Saint wielding her sword with chilling grace, reaping a harvest of lives with each movement. Her swordsmanship was solid and precise, each step measured, each slash flawlessly efficient and inescapably lethal.

The black sword rose and fell, severing abominations in half. The onyx shield swung crushing their skulls and breaking their bodies. The sword was like the ruthless blade of a guillotine, while the shield was like an Impenetrable wall of polished black stone.

Saint was so tyrannical that even when surrounded by monsters and demons, she seemed like the true hellspawn. Despite the gruesome massacre she was perpetrating, her dark armor remained spotlessly clean, with not even a single drop of fetid blood landing on its onyx surface.

Her dreadfully beautiful battle art was like an elegant dance, allowing her to weave between the falling bodies without becoming stained by their filth.

The tide of abominations collided with her and came to a shuddering halt, dissolving into a haze of blood right in front of the stunned soldiers.

Morgan took a deep breath.

«Lord Shadow, this Echo of yours… is quite fearsome.»

Kai nodded slowly.

«Yes, indeed. You must cherish her a lot.»

Sunny gave them a short glance, then turned back to face the Nightmare Gate.

«…Actually, she is the second weakest among my servants.»

Which was technically true — after all, among his Shadows, only the Marvelous Mimic was lower than Saint in Rank and Class. Of course, Sunny would not bet money on any of his other Shadows surviving in a battle against the Onyx Saint.

He wasn't even sure that he would survive something like that, if push came to shove.

Kai stared at him with wide eyes, prompting Sunny to smile behind the mask.

«The… second weakest?»

He nodded.

«I killed the original as a Sleeper, after all. It was a long time ago.»

The beautiful archer paled.

«S-sleeper? You killed that… as a Sleeper?»

Sunny remained silent for a moment, then shrugged.

«Sure. Come to think of it, among the Nightmare Creatures I killed as a Sleeper, she was one of the weakest as well.»

Saint had been a mere Awakened Monster back then, and Sunny had killed plenty of abominations of higher Rank and Class on the Forgotten Shore… including a Great Devil. So, if one only took pure strength into account, Saint had indeed been in the lower tier of the creatures slain by him there.

Kai opened his mouth, then closed it, then opened it again.

Finally, not knowing what to say, he turned away stiffly.

Sunny chuckled Internally.

«Ah! I missed teasing this guy!»

In front of the Nightmare Gate, Saint had mercilessly obliterated the first wave of the abominations.

The same fate awaited the second wave, and the third. Not a single Nightmare Creature managed to escape her blade.

Observing the scene of chilling carnage, Sunny couldn't help but feel a little wistful.

He remembered vividly the first time he had encountered a Nightmare Gate. How desperate he had fought, and how impossible the task of stemming the tide of abominations had seemed. In the end, he would have failed if not for Jet's timely arrival.

Yet, this time… the Category of the Gate was one Rank above the one he had defended against as Mongrel. However, Sunny did not even have to move a finger. Just one of his Shadows was enough to contain the threat, and he did not even have to bestow the full augmentation of all his shadows upon her.

So much time had passed, and so many things had changed. Some for the better, some for the worst.

Sunny secretly glanced at Nephis and Kai as the Gate Guardian finally emerged from the fissure.

The creature looked like a mountain of grey flesh, its towering body brimming with bulging muscles, sharp tusks, bloodied spikes, and ghastly bone armor, It bellowed furiously, making the entire park quake.

A Corrupted Tyrant, from the looks of it.

Standing on a pile of corpses, Saint glanced at it and finally deigned it necessary to summon the elemental darkness from her heart. A dark aura enveloped her black sword, and a cold chill ran down Sunny's spine.

Her ruby eyes flashed with furious crimson light.

The Tyrant surged forward, and at the same time, the black blade slashed the world apart.

«…Now who's showing off?»

A thin line slowly revealed itself on the towering abomination's powerful body, cleanly dividing it into two vertical halves. Then, it slowly oozed blood.

The Tyrant stumbled, then slowly crumbled to the ground, its body falling apart into two bloody chunks.

The Handy Bracelet spoke into Sunny's ear:

[You have slain a Corrupted Tyrant.]

[Your shadow grows stronger.]

These were the only fragments Sunny had received from this fight.

Looking at the carcasses of the massacred Nightmare Creatures, which piled high in the suddenly silent park, he sighed.

«What a waste.»

Saint stared at the bleeding chunks of the dead tyrant with indifference, then turned and glanced at Sunny.

Receiving his nod, she took a step back and dissolved into shadows.

A few moments later, creepy and crazy silently returned to him and fused with naughty, who had been pretending to be a normal shadow all along, resting leisurely on the ground beneath his feet.

Sunny looked at Morgan and remained silent for a moment.

«My apologies. I'll try to give you an opportunity to witness my prowess some other time.»

**********


                                Chapter 1738 Crumbling Dam.
--------------------
The Gate crisis had come to an end just like that, leaving the government soldiers standing there in stunned silence.

In the end, none of them had to do anything to contain the Nightmare Creatures. The arriving reinforcements were shocked to see piles of corpses littering the ground — they had been expecting to dive into a dire battle, but ended up witnessing the aftermath of a chilling slaughter instead.

Of course, it was not as if they had nothing to do.

The park had been ravaged by the devastating battle, and the ugly fissure of the Nightmare Gate still shimmered in the air. Sunny looked at it with regret — there were not that many parks in NQSC, and this one would be unusable for the foreseeable future.

Unless a cohort of Masters challenged and conquered the Nightmare Seed, this place would never be safe for humans.

The initial tide of abominations had been obliterated, and the Gate Guardian fell. However, new Nightmare Creatures could emerge from the fissure at any moment.

The government forces would have to build a containment zone around the Gate, complete with powerful explosive charges and a fortified perimeter. Mundane soldiers and Awakened warriors would have to stand watch inside the zone at all times, participating in sporadic skirmishes every time an abomination wandered into the waking world.

Kai was looking at the Gate, as well, his expression grim.

In the decades since the descent of the Nightmare Spell, many of such containment zones had littered the areas populated by humans. There were many here in NQSC, too — and the more of them appeared, the thinner the government forces had to be spread.

The situation had only worsened after the Chain of Nightmares. It was comparatively easy to find cohorts of Awakened willing to challenge Second Nightmares and hopefully conquer it, closing the Gate. The one near Rain's school had long disappeared, for example.

But it was much harder to close a Category Three Gate, since only Masters could hope to survive the Third Nightmare. Even then, most did not.

And although the number of Masters humanity possessed had increased tenfold, and continued to grow with each year, the number of Gates of higher Categories was increasing faster.

Kai sighed and shook his head. His voice sounded a bit tired when he mumbled quietly:

«No rest for the wicked…»

Morgan, who had been conversing with the Master In charge of the government soldiers, glanced at him with curiosity:

«Oh? Will you lead the charge personally, Lord Kai?»

He smiled weakly, causing a few of the mundane soldiers to sway, and shook his head.

«I'm not sure. I'll have to discuss it with my superiors first.»

She nodded in understanding.

«Well, for what it's worth. Clan Valor is willing to offer help, this time. After all, I didn't get to do anything despite showing up so confidently. My hands are itching for a fight.»

Sunny was listening to them in confusion.

He was certain that none of it showed in his body language, and yet Nephis decided to explain.

«The government is trying to adapt to the new environment. Since there are too many Gates that can't be closed, they are constantly searching for a way to lessen the strain of guarding them all. The most effective method is to allow a Saint to follow the Call to the Nightmare Seed and cleanse the territory surrounding it from all abominations. That way, they won't be wandering into the waking world, at least for a while.»

She studied the dark fissure of the Gate and added:

«I have participated in plenty of these cleansing operations myself, Many of the Legacy Saints have followed my example, as well, offering their services… especially those of the new generation, who hold me in high regard. Their battle experience is comparatively poor, so they see it as an opportunity to sharpen themselves. As long as the vicinity of the Nightmare Seeds is cleansed at set intervals, the strain on the government resources is lessened drastically.»

Sunny stared at her for a while, then said in a cold tone:

«Sounds like trying to plug holes in a crumbling dam.»

Nephis smiled faintly.

«Indeed. However, it also teaches the people who are sealing the holes how to swim.»

Then, her expression darkened a little.

«But I agree with your sentiment. It is merely a stopgap measure.»

Kai and Morgan walked over, catching the tail end of their conversation.

The charming archer smiled.

«As long as there are brave people who are willing to rise to the occasion, everything is not lost. We will continue to keep this world safe… or at least as safe as possible, Like you did today, Lord Shadow, Please, accept my sincere gratitude.»

Sunny stared at him for a while.

Then, he nodded and said evenly:

«Fine. I accept it.»

Kai gave him a dubious look. Not knowing what to say, he turned to Nephis, Intending to thank her as well.

«Should I do it, or not?»

Sunny hesitated for a moment, but couldn't help himself.

So, he added in a tone of indifference:

«Don't expect my help next time, though. I have a bad history with Nightmare Gates… the last time I happened to be near one, I ended up in a custody dispute with a Cursed Terror.»

Encountering the Category Four Gates in Antarctica had led him to the Third Nightmare, after all, where he ended up meeting a certain vile bird.

Kai forgot what he was going to say to Nephis and stared at him numbly.

«A… a… a custody dispute?»

Sunny gave him a nonchalant nod.

«Yes. The Cursed Terror wanted its spawn back. Thieving scumbag.»

The charming archer took a deep breath, looked at the sky, and then forced out a few words, his tone stifled:

«Ah. I… I see!»

He struggled to say something else, but Sunny interrupted him:

«By the way. Nightingale… it's a bird, isn't it? Huh. 1 dislike birds.»

Kai froze, looking at him with a troubled expression.

Sunny stared at him for a bit, then leaned forward, raised a hand… and patted him on the shoulder.

«It's alright. I'll make an exception for you, Saint Nightingale. Since we're friends.»

With that, he turned to Nephis and said without any emotion:

«I am ready to leave.»

She was staring at him strangely.

Morgan was, as well.

Sunny tilted his head a little.

«…What?»

The two of them glanced at each other, then shook their heads at the same time.

«No, no. It's just that… you have a unique way with words, Lord Shadow.»

«Nothing.»

The former was said by Morgan, while the latter was said by Nephis.

He smiled behind the mask.

«Curious, I've been described as unique twice today. I am starting to suspect… that it is not a compliment.»

Morgan smiled pleasantly and said in an exceedingly polite tone:

«It isn't.»

Shaking her head, he bowed to Kai lightly and turned away, heading for the PTV that had driven them here.

Sunny followed, giving Nephis a chance to say a proper goodbye to the charming archer. She caught up with them soon, wearing a complicated expression.

Or rather, her expression was as stoic as always. However, Sunny could feel a bit of tension hiding in the depths of her grey eyes.

They passed the military vehicles and approached the PTV. The Fire Keeper who had driven it, Sid, was already back — she had joined the volunteer Awakened before the Gate opened, intending to lead them into the battle.

Of course, their participation had not been necessary, in the end.

Sid was on her way to open the passenger door when Nephis stopped suddenly, looking at the PTV with a frown.

Sensing her unease, Morgan and Sunny stopped, too.

Morgan glanced at Nephis, raised an eyebrow, and asked with a hint of amusement in her voice:

«What's the matter?»

Neph remained silent for a few moments, studying the luxurious vehicle somberly. Then, she slowly turned away and looked at Sunny.

«Lord Shadow… I apologize.»

He blinked a couple of times.

Was she apologizing for having dragged him to an opening Gates? No, Nephis saw the fight against the Nightmare Spell as a sacred duty of all Awakened. She would not have apologized for something like that.

What then?

Hiding his confusion, Sunny asked in a cold tone:

«What for?»

Her expression remained calm when she answered:

«It seems that I am about to be assassinated. Sorry for the inconvenience.»

«…What?»

Before Sunny could react, Sid unlocked the passenger door and pulled on the handle.

In the next moment, the PTV disintegrated in a blinding flash, and the roar of a deafening explosion thundered above the snowy park.

**********


                                Chapter 1739 Assassination
--------------------
The PTV exploded.

No, really... Sunny was stunned.

‘Who tries to assassinate a Saint with explosives?"

Were these people mentally challenged?

The notion was so silly that, for a moment, his mind refused to register it.

Everything had happened too fast for the government soldiers to react. The vehicle dissolved into a blinding flash, and a furious onslaught of flame was unleashed upon the world.

A devastating shockwave also rolled out, spreading like an invisible ripple of crushing force.

...But, of course, the Saints were faster.

Kai was too far away to do anything, but Sunny, Morgan, and Nephis were not.

Granted, there was not a lot that they could do in such a short amount of time.

Nephis seemed to have controlled the flames to flow around Sid, her driver. The Fire Keeper was spared from being burned, but received the full brunt of the shockwave, staggering back as her dirty-blonde hair fluttered in the wind. Of course, as a Master, she would not be hurt badly, but a pained grimace still appeared on her face.

Morgan, meanwhile, raised one leather-clad hand... and cut the explosion apart.

Sunny was pretty sure that he was not seeing things. As her hand slashed forward, both the flame and the shockwave parted in front of her, as if cut by an unseen blade. The explosion rolled past the Princess of War, leaving her entirely unscathed. Not a single blemish appeared on her stylish black suit.

As for Sunny himself...

He didn't do anything. That short moment was enough for him to determine that the explosion was utterly mundane, so there was no need to act. Sunny simply allowed the flame to swallow him, and for the shockwave to batter him.

A second later, his onyx figure was revealed from the expanding fire, standing exactly where he had stood before. He didn't even flinch under the assault of the violent forces.

But behind him, many of the government soldiers were thrown against the hulls of the armored vehicles, the vehicles themselves swaying heavily or even overturning. Screams and stunned yells filled the air.

There were many wounded. Luckily, the PTV had stood apart from the military vehicles, so no one seemed to have died.

But still.

The explosion seemed to have hurt everyone except for the person it was supposed to, presumably, kill.

Before the shockwave even had time to dissipate, Morgan, Nephis, and Sunny looked at each other, all sharing the same thought.

'It's a diversion.'

The explosion was simply meant to distract them when the actual attack arrived.

But what...

Suddenly feeling a sense of urgency, Sunny sent his shadow sense outward, spreading it across a vast area. There were countless shadows on the crowded streets of NQSC, so his mind was almost overloaded by the density of information flowing into it. Luckily, he had long learned how to filter out the useless noise, concentrating solely on potential threats.

There did not seem to be anything dangerous close to them... but it took some time for his senses to stretch to their absolute limit.

"There!"

Sunny had sensed a swift shadow barreling towards them, but there was already no time to react,

Before any of them could move, a strange arrow that had only become visible a split second before hitting its target revealed itself in the air, piercing through the cloud of flame caused by the explosion.

It was enormous in size, almost two meters long, and resembled a projectile fit for a slege engine much more than it did an arrow meant to be shot from a bow. If not for the fletching on the back side of the shaft, Sunny would have mistaken it for a heavy javelin.

The great arrow struck Nephis in the chest, throwing her back like a rag doll. She flew backward and crashed into a military vehicle, deforming the alloy armor plates before falling to her knees.

Sunny was already moving.

He knew, of course, that something like that would not kill Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan to be honest, he wasn't even entirely sure what it would take to kill her, given her divine ability to heal herself - but his heart still skipped a beat, knowing that she was hurt.

That arrow... what kind of arrow was it? What was its Rank and Class? What enchantments did it possess? Did it carry a deadly venom? Did the arrowhead explode into numerous jagged shards after piercing the victim's flesh?

However, in the next moment, Sunny's eyes glistened under the expressionless mask.

That was because the broken pieces of the arrow dissipated into a whirlwind of sparks. Nephis, meanwhile...

Her waistcoat was torn, and so was the white blouse beneath it. What he saw in the tear was not her alabaster skin, however, but the metal rings of a chainmail shirt - bent, but unbroken.

"That Memory!"

He recognized it from their time in the Tomb of Ariel.

Still kneeling on the ground, Nephis suddenly leaned her head to the side, and the second arrow flew past it. It pierced the heavy military vehicle, dragging it away with the force of the impact, and exploded from the other side in a rain of alloy debris.

'Who the hell is shooting these giant arrows?’

The third arrow was cut apart by Morgan, who severed it with her bare hand.

However, now that Sunny's shadow sense had extended further, he could feel it.

A dozen swift shadows were falling upon them like meteors, each moving with dreadful speed.

Two were aimed at him, and two more at Morgan. One was heading toward Sid, but the rest were all aimed at Neph's heart.

It didn't make sense, really, Considering the distance from which the mysterious archer had shot them, most of the arrows must have been in the air long before the first arrow hit, and very likely before the PTV had exploded. So, the sniper must have accounted for everything - how the three Saints would react to the explosion, where Nephis would be thrown back, how Sunny would move...

What kind of skill was that? Was the mysterious archer a prophet? Or did the arrows possess a mind of their own, altering their paths to pursue their prey?

Sunny had to deal with the strange arrows before there would be a chance to find the answer.

‘There's not enough time!’

He raised a hand and simply caught one of the great arrows from the air, sliding back a few steps before its momentum dissipated.

Sunny had already started to manifest countless shadows when a haunting song suddenly resounded above the silent park, drowning out all other sounds.

Sound was invisible, and yet he sensed the song move past him like a ghostly river. In the next moment, the great arrows seemed to have hit a wall in the air, splintering and scattering in different directions.

Looking back, Sunny saw Kai closing his mouth as he rushed toward the burning remains of the PTV.

‘...Good job, buddy!'

Sunny's shadow sense had already reached the limits of his perception, encompassing a vast part of NOSC.

However, no matter how much he searched, he could not sense the mysterious archer, That meant one of two things.

Either the sniper had the ability to avoid his detection... or the arrows had been shot from beyond the range of forty plus kilometers.

Sunny felt a hint of chill, wondering who would have been able to shoot enchanted arrows from such a distance, and with such precision.

A Master? Possibly, with the right Aspect... but quite unlikely.

A Saint?

An Echo of a high Rank?

Catching Kai's glance, he gestured in the direction from which the arrows had come. A split second later, his friend... former friend... shot into the air, flying toward the possible location of the attacker.

But, somehow, Sunny doubted that the sniper would be caught. They must have escaped immediately after sending the arrows loose, and would be long gone by now.

Looking back, he studied the scene of devastation.

Broken vehicles, pieces of burning debris, dozens of wounded soldiers groaning on the ground.

Nephis was slowly rising to her feet, white flames dancing in her eyes. Morgan lowered her hand, a deep scowl replacing her usually composed expression.

Sid had just landed on her back, rolled over her shoulder, and jumped to her feet, hissing in pain.

The whole attack had only lasted a few seconds.

But the impact it had left... was bound to have long-lasting consequences in the days to come.

And maybe even beyond that, far in the future.

**********


                                Chapter 1740 No Traces
--------------------
Sunny had been right - the archer was long gone by the time the arrows hit. Kai flew all the way to the edges of the city, searching for the sniper with his miraculous vision, but found no trace of them.

He did discover the sniper nest on the roof of a dormitory tower in the outskirts, close to fifty kilometers away from the Nightmare Gate.

However, there were no clues to be found there only a few footprints in the snow, and punctured concrete where the arrows had been thrust into it for ease of access.

The arrows themselves were Memories, and had either dissolved after being destroyed or disappeared after being dismissed.

There were no functional cameras in that area of the outskirts, so no records remained to identify the attacker.

The sniped, whoever it was, had disappeared like a ghost.

...By the time Kai returned, the park looked like a disturbed anthill. Nephis had insisted on healing the soldiers who had been hurt in the explosion, and there were no casualties. But an attempt on the life of one of the two princesses of Valor - or maybe even both of them was no small matter. Government forces flooded the scene, both to take care of the Gate and to investigate the scandalous event.

There was nothing they could find, of course, but doing nothing was not an option.

Sunny had accompanied Nephis as she healed the soldiers and received their gratitude, both admiration and devotion burning in their relieved eyes. Then, he followed her to the side of a medical vehicle, where Morgan was waiting for them while typing something on her communicator with a cold expression. Sid, the Fire Keeper, was walking behind them sullenly, her civilian clothes in disarray.

That was where Kai eventually found them.

The charming archer relayed his findings with a troubled look on his face.

"...we will conduct a thorough investigation on the scene, of course. But I am afraid that we won't find anything. There is no physical evidence left, and since the attacker was careful enough to eliminate these traces, they would have had means to throw off our divination experts, as well."

He looked at Nephis with guilt in his eyes.

"I am sorry. There is not a lot that the government can do."

She grimaced silently.

...Morgan, however, was more vocal. Looking at Kai with a frown, she said in a cold tone:

"NOSC is your territory, Please forgive me for being blunt, Saint Kal, but the government is allowed to exist because it is useful, maintaining order in the waking world. If members of my clan can be freely attacked on your land, with no consequences... then what use is there for the government?"

He met her sharp gaze somberly, not saying anything.

She scoffed and shook her head.

"Fine. Whatever. My little sister answered the call and hurried to prevent a Gate crisis, in her usual selfless manner, but ended up being struck by human arrows. Once the news gets out, what do you think will happen?"

Kai frowned, still having nothing to say.

However, Sunny was staring at Morgan, instead.

'She brings up an interesting point'

How had this ambush been possible, to begin with? It took a lot of time to plan an assassination, especially if the target was a Saint. However, their decision to answer the emergency alert had been made on the spur of the moment. No one could have known that Nephis would be in this park, on this day,

The only way to predict her actions would have been to know about the descent of the Gate in advance, as well as getting access to her schedule.

Had the government known about the Gate long before, but held back the information? Why would they?

The location Morgan had chosen for the meeting was too conveniently close to the emerging Gate, as well. Was it a coincidence, or had she really known what would happen?

Sunny tilted his head a little, an amusing thought surfacing in his mind.

‘...Did Valor send the sniper themselves? Why would they try to dispose of Nephis now?’

Had the ambush even been an earnest attempt to kill Nephis? Sure, a different Saint could have been killed by those arrows, but it was very doubtful that she would have been seriously harmed. But then again, very few people really knew the full extent of Neph's abilities. The party responsible for the assassination attempt could have simply misjudged how hard she was to kill.

Too many things seemed strange about this incident. One fact was undeniable, though... the entire situation smelled fishy.

Nephis finally spoke, placing a hand on Morgan's elbow.

"Morgan. That's enough."

The Princess of War gave her a long look, then shook her head.

"No matter. Even without any evidence, there are very few archers in the world who are capable of something like that. The government might not have the means, but we of Valor do. It won't be hard to find the suspect after investigating each of them. And when we do... mark my word, Saint Kai, there will be hell to pay."

He bowed, hiding his face from view.

"As you wish, Lady Morgan."

Sunny was tired of seeing his friend being bullied... by someone else... so he turned to Nephis and asked, hoping to turn the conversation in a different direction:

"How did you know that the PTV would explode?"

She glanced at him, hesitated for a few moments, then looked away with a shrug.

"You probably don't know, Lord Shadow, but there were many attempts on my life when I was younger. I have... a lot of experience with this sort of thing. It's easy to notice if a vehicle has been tampered with, if you know where to look. I always do."

Sunny stared at her silently.

'But I do know. You've told me before. I even witnessed it in your dreams.’

That was what he wanted to say.

But, of course, he didn't.

Soon, a convoy of heavily armored vehicles appeared near the entrance to the park - these ones painted in the colors of Clan Valor, not the government. Morgan looked at the convoy and put her communicator away with a heavy sigh.

Glancing at Kai, she lingered for a moment, and said with a semblance of decorum:

"I will be going, then. Please inform me immediately if there is any news about the investigation, Lord Kal."

Then, she turned to Nephis:

"Are you coming? You must be tired after healing all these people."

Nephis considered it, then shook her head.

"I'll catch up with Kai. You go. There has to be a lot of things you have to deal with."

A dark smile appeared on Morgan's face.

"Ah, yes. I do now. Are you sure, though? Who says that there won't be a secondary attack? If someone manages to kill you, father will be terribly cross with me."

Nephis raised her chin a little.

Her voice remained even when she said:

"...Is there someone who can kill me?"

Morgan remained silent for a bit, then chuckled and turned away.

"Suit yourself. Well, my sister is right. If someone manages to kill her, they would have worked really hard..."

With that, she nodded to Sunny and walked away.

"Until we meet again, Lord Shadow!"

Soon, her elegant figure disappeared from view, leaving him alone with Nephis and Kal Sunny sighed behind the mask.

'So... these two are going to catch up.’

There was no place for him at their friendly reunion.

So, it would be better for him to leave, as well.

He opened his mouth, intending to say something curt and aloof... but to his surprise, Nephis spoke first.

Giving Kai a poignant look, she turned to Sunny and asked:

"Lord Shadow... would you mind keeping us company?”

**********

