Shadow Slave - PART 191
Chapters 1901 to 1910
==============================


                                Chapter 1901 Falling Sun
--------------------
Sunny was in the throes of the familiar state of merciless clarity. He was fighting Revel in the ruins of the dark hall, pushing his body and mind to the absolute limits, each breath searing his lungs like acid.

The devastating fury of their clash made the world quake. Everything around them was enveloped by flowing darkness and suffocating smoke, the air suffused with sweltering heat.

Neither Sunny nor Revel were armed, using nothing but their bodies to destroy each other. The rolling echoes of their crushing blows were like deafening thunderclaps, and both moved at a speed far greater than what a mundane human would have been able to perceive.

The battle was fierce, fearsome, and chillingly ruthless. Its frenetic pace was daunting. Its violent brutality was appalling...

Sunny was having a tough time.

Devoid of the ability to call upon his Aspect, he could only rely on his physical might and combat technique to fight Revel. The problem, however, was that her Transcendent form was more than twice his height, with much longer arms and legs, which gave her a tremendous advantage in reach... and that was not even counting her one remaining wing.

Sunny's disadvantage was only confounded by the fact that he was witnessing the battle through Saint's eyes, not his own. He was more used to seeing himself from the third perspective than most people due to long years of perceiving the world through the shadows, but it was still a disorienting experience to fight while only relying on someone else's sight.

Revel had figured out that he was somehow relying on Saint to guide him almost instantly and made several attempts to destroy the wounded Shadow. Sunny managed to block her from reaching Saint, but she methodically attacked him from positions where his own body blocked the living statue‘s view.

Worst of all, Lightslayer could still use her Aspect freely, which she did with great foresight and skill. At any moment, the beautiful demon could turn into a torrent of flowing darkness to escape, advance, circle around Sunny, or simply bypass his attack.

It was infuriating, reminding Sunny of the battle he had fought against Fiend in Falcon Scott. It felt as if he was fighting himself... which was not a pleasant feeling at all. Now that he was suffering at the hands of an enemy who possessed such an Ability, he learned painfully well just how much of a cheat his Shadow Step was.

He could not do anything against her Aspect Ability, but he could somewhat negate her advantage in size by manipulating his weight with the [Feather of Truth]. Sunny might have been smaller, but his mass was even greater than that of the towering demoness — as a result, his blows were especially devastating, and it was harder for her to throw him off balance.

His armor was shattered, and his body was hurting.

And yet...

So was hers.

Sunny was holding his ground while surrounded by true darkness, trading blow for blow with its Saint.

It was just that damned wing...

As Sunny blocked Revel's clawed hand, the obsidian talon stung his side, where the surface of the Onyx Mantle was already cracked. Feeling a pulse of sharp pain, he hissed and tried to grab the retreating wing — only to be sent stumbling back by a devastating kick

A thin crack crossed the surface of his mask.

Worse still, Revel was already turning into a torrent of darkness, rushing toward Saint...

'Damn it!‘

Sunny ignored the pain and dashed forward to intercept her.

But at that moment...

He felt the entire Citadel shudder, and a thunderous boom resounded from far above, followed by another a moment later... and then another, and then another, almost without pause.

It was as if something was tearing through the ancient castle, travelling toward the ground at terrible speed.

Then, the heat permeating the air seemed to grow ten times more intense, and Sunny was confused for a moment.

'What is that?‘

For a split second, he failed to recognize what was happening.

Then, he realized that he... he was actually seeing something with his own eyes. Something was glowing in the darkness, high above him.

The ceiling of the vast hall had long collapsed, and even higher still, several orange spots seemed to have revealed themselves on the ceiling of the higher floor of the ancient castle, expanding as they grew.

Suddenly able to see again, Sunny froze for a short moment.

...In that short moment, the burning ceiling exploded with a deafening roar, and a blinding radiance blinded him all over again. it was as if the sun had risen in the middle of the Citadel — or rather, fell down from the sky.

Surrounded by a sea of flames, an incandescent being plummeted from the burning inferno above, crashing into the floor between Sunny and Revel and instantly setting it on fire.

Covering his eyes, he staggered back.

Revel's darkness was vanquished, and he could finally sense the shadows again. There was a white silhouette standing in the middle of the raging conflagration, so beautiful and pure that it seemed out of place in this dirty and imperfect world.

Sunny's lips twisted into a smile behind his cracked mask.

'Nephis...‘

Nephis had arrived from whatever battle she had been fighting, practically bringing the entire Citadel down with her.

From the brief glimpse Sunny had got, it seemed as if every floor of the ancient castle above them was at least partially destroyed and set aflame. That certainly explained the smoke and the unbearable heat...

The radiant spirit of light slowly looked around, taking in the sight of the devastated hall. The broke walls, the hideous wounds littering Saint‘s body, Sunny's breached armor...

Finally, her gaze settled on the bloodied, but still breathtakingly beautiful figure of the creature of darkness staring at her with a grim expression.

Revel looked at Nephis, and then smiled coldly.

Her lips parted, and a single word escaped from her lips:

"...Crap."

**********


                                Chapter 1902 Gruesome Affair
--------------------
Revel's darkness was chased away and diminished, but it still swirled around her like a cloud. Shrouded by it, she looked at Nephis.

Nephis was looking at her, as well.

Suddenly, a melodious voice resounded in the ruined hall, containing both the ferocity of the scorching surface of the sun and the tranquillity of sunshine reflecting from clear water:

"...You are the Lightslayer?"

Revel remained silent for a heartbeat.

Her battered, bleeding body looked like a dirty mess in front of the pristine, radiant spirit of light.

"That's what they call me, yes."

Nephis remained silent for a few moments, then spoke in her usual even tone: "I'm not impressed."

Her tone might have been emotionless, but that only made the remark sound more derisive.

It was as if she was saying... is that all? I am supposed to be slain by you? Hearing that, Revel smiled darkly.

"I‘m sorry for the disappointment, Lady Nephis."

With that, the ruined hall once again exploded with motion... the moment of peace was short—lived.

The scorching flames fell upon the princess of Song, as if possessing a life of their own. The radiance spirit seemed to turn into a streak of light, rushing at her with impossible speed.

Sunny was not far behind, either, knowing that this was their best chance to kill Revel.

Revel herself, meanwhile...

Took a step back and turned into a torrent of darkness.

The darkness did not attack, however. It did not try to defend itself, either — 7 instead, it flowed down and seeped into the cracked floorboards, disappearing from view.

The flames only licked the ancient wood, scorching it. Neph's strike missed. Sunny emerged from the shadows a split second too late.

Revel had fled.

For a moment, he was face to face with Nephis, feeling her heat despite the incredible level of elemental resistance granted to him by the Onyx Mantle.

He was silent for a moment.

"...Are you okay?"

The spirit of light nodded, her graceful figure drowning in the blinding radiance.

"What about you?"

Sunny grinned behind the mask

"I am alive, if that is what you mean."

With that, there was no time for conversations anymore. Because they both knew what Revel's retreat meant — she had fled downward, in the direction where the rest of their comrades were most likely fighting for their lives.

"Go! Destroy the corpse of the 'l‘error at all costs!"

Sunny threw a brief glance at Saint, commanding her to stay safe, and stepped through the shadows once more.

A moment later, he emerged in the chaos of the vast hall where the Saints of the Sword Army had been ambushed by the daughters of Ki Song.

Just one look was enough to erase the smile from his face, replacing it with a somber expression.

'So many have died...‘

The casualties suffered by the Sword Domain were appalling. He could only see four members of the conquest team still drawing breath — Roan, l-lelie, Jest, and the unfortunate Saint who had been wounded by Silent Stalker at the start of the sight.

Rivalen was nowhere to be seen, and the rest of the Saints were now corpses — some of them damaged too terribly to be of use for the Raven Queen, some still moving.

Silent Stalker was a bloody mess, barely clinging to life. Lonesome Howl and her one remaining Reflection were engaged in a fierce brawl with Fiend, protecting her fragile human body from him.

The corpse of the Great Terror, at least, seemed to have already been destroyed. Sunny did not know why Nephis had asked him to make getting rid of it a priority, but he was glad to know that the abominable creature did not pose any threat anymore.

Revel had just coalesced from the flowing darkness, standing at the opposite end of the hall from him. She had dismissed her Transcendent Form and looked like a human once again, her pale face smeared with blood.

Just as he caught sight of her, she shouted:

"Back!"

Immediately, the two great wolves leaped away. The Reflection lingered for a moment before retreating to stall Fiend, while Lonesome Howl herself gently grabbed Silent Stalker in her teeth and dragged her toward Revel like a kitten. Sunny shaped a mass of wild shadows into an odachi and prepared to defend the wounded Saints from the champions of Song.

"Fiend! Come here!"

The infernal troll looked at the retreating wolves with regret, and then stepped through the shadows to stand by Sunny's side.

The four surviving Saints were now behind them, looking relieved at the sight of the Lord of Shadows.

They were in a sorry state — even Sir Jest, who had escaped with relatively fewer wounds, was covered in blood.

In fact, the only person in the vast hall whose armor wasn't covered in blood was Sunny himself. That was because it was rather hard to make him bleed — however, to those who did not know about that peculiar trait of his, it looked as if he had escaped the dreadful battle against Dark Dancer Revel entirely unscathed.

His armor was breached and broken, though, making some of them question if there really was a human body underneath it.

Sunny, meanwhile, was given pause by Sir Jest's Transcendent form. Where had the amicable old man gone? Instead, a sinister abomination had taken his place, pure malice burning in its inhuman eyes. It had the body of a man and the legs of a goat, with two frightening horns growing from its disturbing, bestial head. The only word that could be used to describe it was... demonic.

Was he a satyr, or a literal friend from the depths of hell?

Sunny suddenly felt a chill run down his spine.

...Across from them were Revel, Lonesome Howl, Silent Stalker, the Reflection, and the remaining undead Saints. The air seemed to crackle with tension, and none of the sides was in a hurry to make a move.

It was then that a violent explosion shook the hall, and Nephis arrived from above in a rain of burning debris.

At the same time... it felt as if Sunny's vision was blurred for a moment. Suddenly, a delicate beauty with white hair and shimmering eyes — Moonveil — appeared near Revel, her face pale and smeared in blood. Accompanying her... He blinked.

Accompanying the beautiful princess was a Reflection of Nephis. The creature looked like her, and had the same presence as her... and yet, Sunny found the copy lacking.

There was simply no way to mistake it for the real Changing Star, even if one was blind.

The appearance of: the Reflection answered Sunny's recent question, though, making him scowl behind the mask.

'No wonder.‘

Now that he saw the copy of Nephis, he knew why she had told him to destroy the corpse of the Great Terror as fast as possible. Considering that the Reflection was able to mirror her, it could not be a mere Beast.

Nephis had already reformed the soul core she had detonated to escape from the Cursed Terror, Condemnation, and was a Transcendent Titan once again — therefore, the Reflection had to be a Titan, as well. Either a Transcendent one... or even Supreme.

Sunny's eyes widened a little.

'That bastard…’

If the Great Terror remained whole, the damn creature might have been able to mirror it, instead. Then, they would have had to contend against that abomination in addition to the daughters of Ki Song.

Sadly, Sunny could only see the reflection of Neph's mirrored soul cores, and with the mess of various potent auras clashing in the dark hall, he could not measure the power of the Reflection accurately... it might have been hiding its power, as well.

'Can it really be Supreme?‘

What the hell could Mordret have done to nurture a Supreme Titan? How would he have even created one, considering that each Reflection demanded a sacrifice of as many soul cores as a creature of its Class was meant to possess?

He had so many questions, and none of the possible answers promised anything good for the future.

As Nephis softly landed on the ground, an eerie silence settled in the darkness of the devastated hall.

A moment later, however, the darkness was chased away by soft light.

The wounds on the bodies of Roan, Helie, and the Saint slumped on Helie's back shone with white radiance and began to heal with startling speed.

Almost at the same time, the Reflection of Nephis laid its hands on Revel and Silent Stalker, healing them in turn.

'Great.‘

Sunny sighed.

It was an incredible boon, to have a healer on one's side.

However, if the enemy had access to a healer as well, an already terrible battle could become a truly gruesome affair.

That was precisely what seemed to be happening right now.

**********


                                Chapter 1903 Wide Sleeves
--------------------
For a few moments, neither side moved.

The Saints of the Sword Army had almost recovered from their wounds — all except Sir Jest, curiously enough. Sunny couldn't help but notice that Nephis was able to heal the rest from a distance, but that did not include the old man.

On the other side, Revel and Silent Stalker were also close to being healed. At the same time, something that Sunny had assumed was a severely damaged statue of a fearsome gargoyle moved, revealing itself to be a living creature.

'...'l‘he Saint of Sorrow.‘

Even though they were enemies in this battle, Sunny was a little glad that Tamar's father had survived.

For now, at least.

Even though those who had been wounded most severely were now saved from the clutches of death by pure white flames, both sides were still in a sorry state. Most of them were exhausted, mentally shaken, and wary. More importantly, almost every participant of the battle had expended great amounts of essence in the furious fight.

Funnily enough, Sunny was an exception, since he had been prevented from calling upon his Aspect in the clash against Revel. In addition to that, he barely used any Memories — those put a strain on one's essence, as well, especially with soul arsenals as powerful as those Saints usually possessed. The more powerful a Memory was, the more essence its enchantments consumed.

Unlike the rest. of the fighters, Sunny was fresh and could go on fighting with the same level of intensity for a long while.

Nephis seemed flush with essence, as well — he did not know what she had faced prior to descending from above in a storm of flames, but it did not seem like she had used her Aspect extensively. Apart from that, she was a Transcendent Titan — her pool of essence was seven times more voluminous than that of other Saints, to begin with. Her lineage enhanced it even further. So, both of the most powerful champions of on the side of the Sword Domain were in a good shape... which could not be said about the daughters of Ki Song. Honestly, things weren't looking good for them.

They had started the battle in a supremely advantageous position — not only had they had the element of surprise on their side, immediately eliminating several opponents, but they had also been able to isolate and suppress the leaders of the conquest force.

Now, however, these advantages were gone. Worse than that, several of Mordret's Reflections had already been destroyed. The corpse of the Great Terror was also gone, and it would not be easy to counter Sunny's powers next to Nephis. Revel‘s own power was being suppressed now.

‘We should be able to decimate them.’

Unless Lightslayer had more trump cards hidden up her sleeve, he did not see a way for her to salvage the situation.

Judging by her somber expression, Revel had come to the same conclusion.

She looked up, at the burning ceiling of the vast hall and the vertical inferno left by N eph's descend from the upper floors of the garden temple.

Then, Revel lowered her gaze and looked directly at Nephis.

"...Have you not come to conquer this Citadel for the King of Swords, Changing Star?"

Nephis lingered with the answer for a few moments.

"So I have."

Lightslayer smiled coldly.

"Quite an interesting strategy, to unleash your flames in the heart of a wooden Citadel. If I did not know better, I would have assumed that your aim is to destroy it instead."

Sunny had to admit that there was some truth to her words. Smoke was already drifting into the vast hall from above, and the fire was spreading. The ancient castle had already sustained heavy damage from the furious forces unleashed by the clash of so many Saints —— in fact, it was a miracle that it was still standing. Sunny remembered the first Transcendent battle he had witnessed. Back then, just two Saints — Tyris and Cormac — had destroyed an entire island in their clash.

The people who had left behind this beautiful stronghold were truly remarkable builders, it seemed.

Nephis considered Revel's words for a moment or two. 'l‘hen, her radiance dimmed, and she dismissed her Transformation, turning back into a human. Miraculously... this time, her armor had survived.

However, Sunny gritted his teeth when he saw it.

There were no wounds on the body, but her blackened armor was terribly shredded, pierced in at least a dozen places, and on the verge of collapsing into a whirlwind of sparks.

She had suffered greatly in the battle against Moonveil, it seemed.

His eyes flashed with murderous cold behind the cracked mask.

'...I'll kill them slowly.‘

Whatever fatigue Sunny had felt disappeared, replaced by deadly intent. Standing beside him, Nephis stared at Revel impassively.

"If it means denying the Citadel to the Song Domain... I just might go ahead and destroy it. Why not?"

A corner of her mouth curled upward slightly, and she added evenly:

"Of course, I'll make sure to destroy you first."

Revel's expression turned grim.

She hesitated for a few moments, then uttered through gritted teeth:

"You can try. You might even live long enough to enjoy the outcome. But what about your companions? Will they survive?"

Sunny frowned, not sure why she was saying these things.

Was Revel, perhaps, trying to negotiate a peaceful resolution instead of continuing the bloody battle?

If so, she was extremely naive. There was no way that Nephis would surrender her claim on this Citadel — she would indeed rather burn it to the ground, if that was the only choice. Which it wasn't, since the remains of the conquest force were poised to achieve victory.

But Revel was definitely not naive, so...

'She's buying time.‘

Sunny cursed mentally and prepared to lunge forward.

But it was already late.

By that time, Moonveil had already finished whatever it was she had been secretly doing.

She raised her hands and brought them together, forming a triangle with her thumbs and index fingers.

A split second later, a drop of vibrant crimson blood suddenly materialized in the middle of the triangle...

And Sunny's senses screamed at him that he was in dire danger.

As it turned out, Revel did, in fact, have another trump card up her sleeve.

**********


                                Chapter 1904 Queen's Blood
--------------------
There was very little time to react, and even less time to comprehend what was happening.

However, Sunny still managed to recognize the drop of dark blood, and guess what it represented.

He had seen something similar once, a long time ago.

Back then, he and a group of survivors of the Battle of the Black Skull had been desperately trying to escape from the Skinwalker, lost in the white dunes of the Nightmare Desert. Sadly, the vessels of the Great abomination still managed to catch up with them.

Some of the survivors chose to split up, but most stayed together. It was then that Morgan summoned a swarm of flying swords — now, Sunny knew that those were swords forged by her father.

Seishan, meanwhile, had summoned a drop of blood almost identical to the one hovering in the air between Moonveil's fingers right now.

Sunny had been running for his life, so he did not see what the eerie drop of blood actually accomplished. He just remembered a strange feeling of awe, and that the entire world was momentarily painted in shades of red when its vast and terrifying power was unleashed.

He could make a conjecture, though.

Considering that Anvil had bestowed the swords — conduits of his power — to Morgan before sending her to Antarctica, wasn't it reasonable to assume that Ki Song had bestowed something to her daughter, as well?

If so, then the drop of blood was a vessel of a Sovereign's power.

...Which did not mean anything good for Sunny, Nephis, and the rest of the Saints of the Sword Domain.

‘Damn it!'

It was already too late by the time Sunny realized that Revel was scheming something.

The crimson drop swirled in the air...

And then exploded into a tidal wave of red light.

Sunny stumbled back, momentarily dazed by a crushing force of tyrannical presence. It was as if a cold, penetrating gaze of someone's vast and unfathomably powerful conscience brushed past him, making his very soul shiver in fear.

The flood of crimson light rushed at them like a raging wave of blood, submerging the world in a red radiance. He tried to raise a wall of shadows in its path, but the ethereal light simply passed through it... a moment later, the wall crumbled, the shadows forming it destroyed.

Neph's figure ignited with a blinding radiance of her own. Her pure light seemed to hold the blood tide back for a few moments, but was then overpowered and painted red.

Sunny steeled himself, knowing that he would have to withstand the power of a Sovereign a heartbeat later.

Just before the wave of ethereal blood reached them, though...

A ghostly visage of interlocking shields shimmered in the air around the remnants of the conquest force, enveloping them like a dome. The flood of crimson light collided with it and parted, flowing past them on both sides. Looking back, Sunny saw the sorry figure of Saint Rivalen of Aegis Rose slumping against the wall near the gates of the Citadel.

'The insufferable fool is alive, after all...'

He allowed himself to feel relieved for a short moment, then turned his attention back to the dire situation.

From what Sunny could remember, the power Seishan had unleashed in the Nightmare Desert receded after a few moments. But then again, she had been a mere Master back then — perhaps a Saint would be able to channel the power of a Supreme better.

He took a step closer to Nephis and commanded Fiend to move forward, shielding the group from the rush of red light.

Sadly, Sunny was right — a few moments passed, and then a few more. The bloody radiance drowning the world did not dim.

The force field created by Rivalen, however, seemed to be weakening.

The ghostly shields had become invisible after manifesting for a second, but Sunny could practically hear them bending under the pressure, ready to succumb to it.

The shield wall protecting them from the power of Ki Song was slowly becoming covered by a net of cracks. Or maybe it was rusting, slowly dissolving into red dust.

'At best, I can escape by using Shadow Step.‘

He could take Nephis with him. Maybe Roan, as well... but Sunny had never carried several Transcendent beings with him through the shadows. He wasn't sure that he would be able to save the rest.

Meaning that he would have to leave at least some of the Saints of the Sword Army behind. Who would he abandon? Jest? Rivalen? Helie?

...Luckily, in the end, he did not have to make that choice.

Eventually, after a dozen seconds or so, the red radiance enveloping the world finally dimmed. It dissipated slowly, and then disappeared altogether.

The vast hall was plunged into dim darkness once again, illuminated by the orange glow of the burning ceiling and the light of several luminous Memories. Sunny‘s eyes widened.

The hall... was empty.

As Rivalen slumped on the floor and the other Saints drew hoarse breaths, he looked around and then extended his shadow sense outward.

He did not sense anything.

Revel and her sisters were gone. So were the Saint of Sorrow and the Reflections. Even the Transcendent corpses reanimated by the authority of Queen Song were nowhere to be seen.

They have fled.

The battle was over, ending just as unexpectedly as it had started.

Sunny let out a sigh.

He did not even know what kind of a sigh it was — was it a sigh of relief, or a sigh of disappointment?

In any case, now that the battle was finished...

They had to deal with its consequences before thinking about anything else. "They're gone."

Nephis did not respond immediately, looking up, at the sea of flames raging above them. Her expression was somber.

Sunny lingered for a moment.

"Can you put the fires out?"

She shook her head slowly.

"Perhaps. But the Citadel is already damaged too severely... it's on the verge of breaking apart. By the time I suppress all the flames, it would have collapsed already."

Sir Jest assumed his human form — thankfully — wiped the blood off his face, and said in a wry tone:

"Suffering a fire in the middle of a lake... inside a dried up bone. How ironic." He looked around, as if searching for something, then asked:

"So, what do we do, my lady?"

Nephis walked over to where Rivalen was laying on the floor and kneeled beside him, placing her hands on his bloodied body.

"...It doesn't matter if the Citadel collapses. We just need to preserve the Gateway. As long as the Gateway survives, the stronghold can be rebuilt around it."

That was true.

Of course, it depended entirely on how the Spell had fashioned this particular Gateway. There were some that existed in and of itself, like the altar of the Sanctuary of Noctis. However, there were also some that drew power from the structure around them, like the Gateway in the Crimson Spire.

They had no choice but to try, though. Otherwise, the entire expedition would be a complete failure.

Grimacing as a soft white radiance enveloped her hands, Nephis looked at Sunny and said:

"We must locate the Gateway first."

He nodded, and then stepped into the shadows to go find it.

In truth, Sunny did not care that much about Anvil claiming another Citadel in Godgrave. Now that the battle was over, his mind was preoccupied by other issues.

Namely, all the revelations he had achieved while fighting Lightslayer, and all the boons he had received...

**********


                                Chapter 1905 Pyrrhic Victory
--------------------
Unexpectedly, the Citadel housed multiple expansive subterranean levels. This was logical, given the ephemeral nature of the surrounding lake—it would rise when the Hollows were submerged and recede once the waters traversed the remnants of the deceased deity into its colossal spine.

Consequently, these underground levels were only beneath the surface when the lake was at its peak. Most of the time, they remained above water, featuring an additional grand entrance located lower than the immense hall where the ambush had occurred.

Sunny discovered the Gateway beneath a crystalline dome nearby that entrance.

He stood motionless for several moments, astonished by the sights and sensations before him. Behind the dome’s transparent walls, a small grove thrived. Outside, scarlet vines wrapped around the structure, yet inside, ordinary plants flourished.

Lush green grass, ancient oak trees, soft moss, and vibrant flowers adorned the hidden meadow’s center, where a serene pond of clear water lay still in the peaceful darkness. Subtle ripples disturbed the pond’s surface, hinting at an underlying current that Sunny couldn’t immediately discern.

These were the first plants Sunny had encountered in Godgrave that remained untouched by Corruption—in the entire Dream Realm, except perhaps those introduced by the inhabitants of the waking world.

Moreover, as he entered the crystal dome, Sunny felt a profound sense of sanctity permeate the air, untouched by the corruption that plagued the rest of the cursed area. Intricate carvings adorned the dome’s perimeter, their patterns reminiscent of ancient protective spells that hinted at forgotten lore.

“The pond serves as the Gateway.”

Sunny glanced at the placid water, unable to gauge its depth. With a shrug, he turned away and melded back into the shadows, rejoining Nephis and the other Saints.

Soon, they all took shelter in the grove.

Above them, the Citadel was ablaze and deteriorating. Its walls, sturdy enough to withstand the scorching flames summoned by Nephis, held for a time. However, the structure had been overtaken by the scarlet infestation over the years—the vines and trees piercing its framework acted as fuel, allowing the fire to spread and consume the ancient walls.

Amidst the chaos, faint echoes of old chants resonated through the flames, suggesting that the Citadel’s ancient defenses were beginning to reactivate. These sounds hinted at dormant mechanisms that might offer unexpected aid or pose new threats.

The flames would soon reach the lower levels, but Nephis could defend at least one floor from being engulfed.

The bloodied Saints sat quietly on the grass, exhausted and shaken. Only Sir Jest appeared somewhat content, though he remained silent, focused on cleaning the cane he had picked up before descending to the ground level.

One of them needed to erase Revel's mark on the Citadel and replace it with their own. However, six of the seven surviving Saints already controlled their own Citadels, making it impossible to take over another without relinquishing their current authority. The ideal candidate was the Saint injured during the ambush, but he was unconscious.

After a brief discussion, the Saints of the Sword Army decided to wait for the time being. They contemplated reinforcing their defenses and utilizing the grove’s sanctuary to strategize their next moves, aware that the fluctuating lake levels could offer both opportunities and obstacles.

Of course, Sunny could have seized the Citadel himself. With his seven incarnations, he could establish seven tethers instead of one—but he chose not to reveal this to the King of Swords. Instead, he simply sat down and gazed into the distance, contemplating the fragile balance of their current position.

There was much on his mind.

The battle—they had technically won. They repelled the ambush and took control of the Citadel’s Gateway, achieving the expedition’s objective. Soon, the King of Swords' influence would extend to central Godgrave, with his Domain spanning from the Clavicle Plain to the Breastbone Reach.

Even if Seishan and her Seventh Legion captured the western Citadel, the Song Domain would still control fewer Citadels, possess less territory, and struggle to penetrate deeper into the Hollows from their distant stronghold.

Today, the Sword Army had secured a victory.

However, it was a Pyrrhic victory.

Sunny sighed.

Revel’s retreat was partially advantageous for the Song forces. Yes, they had lost the Citadel, but their enemy had also suffered significant losses.

Seven Saints from the Sword Domain were dead.

Silent Stalker had taken more lives than anyone else, killing three of the Sword Army’s Transcendent champions. Lonesome Howl and her Reflections followed, with two kills among them. Moonveil had slain one, and the final fallen Saint was defeated by the risen dead. Revel hadn’t killed anyone personally, but she had orchestrated the entire battle.

In contrast, the Song Army only lost three of Mordret's Reflections. While their loss was notable, it paled compared to the casualties endured by Nephis' team.

The Sword Army was already disadvantaged with fewer Saints. Losing seven champions widened the gap in Transcendents between Valor and Song, likely affecting all future battles negatively.

Thus, none of the actual victors were pleased.

Concealed behind his mask, Sunny cast a furtive glance at Nephis.

She had already finished tending to Sir Jest and his own wounds. Now, she sat by the pond, gazing at the water with her usual detached demeanor. A faint aura surrounded her, suggesting she had begun to unlock a new aspect of her power.

She was in a difficult position.

As the commander of the expedition, Nephis bore responsibility for her people's deaths—each loss must have weighed heavily on her. Sunny understood the agony of failing those who had trusted you with their lives. Many soldiers had perished to reach the Citadel, and now, seven Saints were dead—each a unique talent and trusted companion.

Nephis had more leadership experience than he did, having ordered more people to their deaths. However, one never becomes accustomed to such losses... Well, perhaps that wasn't entirely true. Anvil and Ki Song seemed to have developed a considerable tolerance for sacrificing lives for their goals, and there were likely others like them.

But Nephis had not. She was likely suffering deeply.

Moreover, while leading these warriors, she was also plotting against their king. In a way, she was an outsider among them—a traitor, even. Her primary concern was who would control the Citadel, aiming to weaken the two Sovereigns against each other.

Navigating this situation must have been challenging, both morally and emotionally.

Adding to this was the fact that her capacity for emotions and morality—her humanity—was somewhat diminished by the consuming flames of her Aspect. Recently, she had started experiencing fleeting visions of an alternate path, hinting at a deeper internal conflict.

Sunny wanted to speak with her, but they couldn’t have an honest conversation while surrounded by the other Saints.

After some time, the members of the conquest party regained their composure—or perhaps they simply grew weary of the silence—and began discussing the battle, sharing their experiences. The conversation gradually shifted to the structural integrity of the Citadel and the mysterious mechanisms that seemed to be activating in response to the ongoing destruction.

Sunny listened for a while, learning about Moonveil and Lonesome Howl’s capabilities. He briefly recounted his own encounter with Revel, which earned him a stern look from Nephis.

After that, he couldn’t wait any longer. The fire was already creeping up to this level, and the ground had trembled violently some time ago, indicating the upper levels of the Citadel had collapsed. Since Nephis was busy preventing the flames from damaging the crystal dome, Sunny announced he would check the situation above and vanished into the shadows.

He intended to check on Saint and assess any changes in her condition that might influence their next moves.

**********


                                Chapter 1906 Dark Armor
--------------------
Moments later, Sunny emerged from the darkness onto a towering pyre of burning debris. The garden temple had indeed fallen, devoured by a raging inferno. The mound of rubble still blazed, and the intense heat would have reduced an ordinary human to ash instantly.

Even a Saint could have been incinerated or suffocated by the thick, black smoke. However, thanks to the Onyx Mantle, Sunny was largely unharmed—it wasn’t comfortable, but he could navigate the burning ruins freely.

He quickly located Saint. She stood out distinctly—amid the fiery wreckage, there was an area shrouded in impenetrable darkness, silent and serene.

His Shadow was within. While he couldn’t see her, he sensed her presence and that of his shadows.

Sunny paused at the edge of the sphere of true darkness for a few moments. “…That’s new.”

Saint had always carried a bit of elemental darkness within her, true. But she had never been able to summon it in this way—only to use it to manifest a weapon or cloak a Memory.

It seemed that defeating the Reflection had filled the Heart of Darkness to capacity, allowing her powers to evolve. From what he could tell, Saint had gained an ability similar to Revel’s—she could now blanket an entire area with her darkness. The range wasn’t as extensive as Revel’s, but it was still significant.

Additionally, subtle changes in the darkness hinted at the presence of ancient protective wards, possibly remnants of the Citadel’s original defenses that could now be harnessed for their own use.

Sunny smiled.

What was important was the synergy between this new power and Saint's [Mantle of Darkness] Ability.

“When surrounded by darkness, especially true darkness, her speed and strength will increase. Her wounds will heal...”

Now that Saint could freely unleash elemental darkness, she could remain enveloped by it at all times. This meant she could almost always benefit fully from the [Mantle of Darkness].

There was more to it as well.

Although Sunny wasn’t sure how to assist Saint in evolving, he felt that this new power could be her first step toward becoming a Tyrant. After all, Tyrants were beings who exerted their influence over the world—similar to the Sovereigns, but in their own unique way.

Most Tyrants controlled either a territory or an army of minions, often both. The ability to engulf an area in elemental darkness was akin to gaining control over it.

“Isn’t that right?”

Sunny moved forward, simultaneously taking control of one of the incarnations wrapped around Saint’s body—otherwise, he would have been blinded by his own Shadow’s power, which would have been quite embarrassing.

Without the immediate pressure of battle, Sunny was amazed by the strange and miraculous sensation of merging with another being once more. A faint, harmonious resonance echoed between them, suggesting a deeper connection forming.

He was momentarily dazed, absorbing the complex, otherworldly feeling of being one with Saint's body. He also felt a sense of relief, noticing that her severe wounds were healing—she had spent all that time nestled within her own summoned darkness, nourished and sustained by it.

Then, a loud noise diverted his attention.

It was the sound of a battered onyx breastplate clattering to the ground. Sunny blinked a few times.

Then, he blinked again.

“No, wait. What?!”

Saint seemed to be removing her armor.

There was no doubt. He was seeing the world through her eyes after all—the elegant stone knight stood in the darkness, methodically stripping off her shattered armor. She was nearly free of it, with only a few pieces remaining.

Sunny had seen glimpses of Saint's face and skin before, but never outside the intricate, formidable suit of armor. It was quite a shock.

Beneath the onyx plates, Saint wore simple garments, much like any knight would. Her figure was flawlessly alluring, complementing her inhumanly beautiful face. Her skin matched the color of the onyx armor, giving the illusion that she was made of stone... yet she was not.

Although Saint’s body appeared stone-like and possessed many stone properties, it was merely stonelike. Now that Sunny could sense it, he realized more clearly than ever that she was a being of flesh and blood... or at least of flesh and dust.

Seeing her like this reminded Sunny of the beautiful statue of the Storm God he had once seen in the shrine of the Ebony Tower.

It was evident who Nether had drawn inspiration from when creating the Stone Saints, at least in appearance.

Saint, meanwhile, gave him an indifferent look and continued removing her armor. However, as she did so, faint glowing runes appeared on her skin, pulsating with a soft light that hinted at a hidden power awakening within her.

Her greaves and vambraces fell to the ground, leaving her completely unprotected. Sunny recalled that she hadn’t come here just to gaze around.

“But why is she taking off the armor instead of repairing it?”

His answer came moments later.

Saint knelt beside the broken armor, gazing at it for a while. As she did, the runes on her skin began to glow brighter, reacting to the presence of the shattered onyx pieces.

It seemed... as if a hint of an unknown, somber emotion flickered in her ruby eyes. Behind this, a subtle tear of molten darkness traced down her cheek—a rare display of vulnerability.

Then, she raised her hand and brought her fist down.

The adamantine onyx shattered like glass...

And was absorbed into her body, just as the Memories she had consumed were before. However, this time, the absorption seemed more deliberate, channeling the runes on her skin into her very essence.

Suddenly, the crimson flames burning in her eyes deepened, and Saint appeared stronger. A faint aura of protection enveloped her, suggesting she had unlocked a new defensive capability.

Standing with a proud expression, she straightened her posture.

Moments later, her beautiful form was enveloped by flowing darkness, and that darkness...

Solidified, encasing the body of the silent Shadow in an impenetrable shell of intricate onyx armor. Pristine and new, yet this armor shimmered with the ancient runes that now adorned her skin, indicating a fusion of old and new powers.

Sunny remained still.

“…I can’t believe it.”

Saint had just manifested her own Onyx Mantle, it seemed. This new form not only provided enhanced protection but also seemed to harmonize with the ancient symbols discovered in the Citadel, potentially unlocking new pathways for their quest.

**********


                                Chapter 1907 Negative Quality
--------------------
After donning her new armor, Saint turned slightly and gazed at Sunny with her usual indifference. He would have loved to study the design of the onyx suit — it was not every day one saw an armor forged of pure darkness, after all — but sadly, he couldn't.

That was because Sunny only saw the world through Saint's eyes, and she was looking at him, not herself.

'How frustrating.'

This must have been what Cassie felt when conversing with someone in private. The

confusion was only made worse by the fact that Sunny did not only share Saint's vision — he shared all of her senses, just like Cassie shared all the senses of those marked by her Ascended Ability.His avatars were identical copies of his own body, after all, while Saint was very different from him. At least he was already used to her stonelike nature after years spent together...

As it turned out, his Shadow was not done surprising him today. The ability to summon a pool of elemental darkness and manifest a suit of armor was not the full extent of what she had gained by slaying Revel's Reflection.

There was some distance between Sunny and Saint, still. The debris was charred and highly unstable, making it hard for her to move — after all, she was close to three meters in height and weighed a literal ton. A few of them, actually. So, the debris could very well fail to support her weight.

Which was why Saint did not walk. Instead, she simply turned into a torrent of darkness and traveled all the way to where Sunny was standing in a heartbeat.It was not quite as instantaneous as moving between shadows with Shadow Step, but still quite fast. The sensation of becoming a stream of darkness was also very different from what Sunny usually felt when traveling through shadows — in many ways that he found hard to describe, but mainly because of how... hollow it felt, to be one with the darkness.

He did not feel embraced by the flow of elemental darkness. Instead, it was a cold and unfathomable thing, too alien and indifferent to be welcoming. Even being a part of it, Sunny felt nothing but profound solitude.

A moment later, Saint was towering above him, standing only by a few meters of scorched wooden debris away.

The ground shook precariously, and the blackened wood creaked, as if ready to crumble into embers and ash.

Of course, neither Saint nor Sunny would be seriously hurt if they fell beneath the upper layer of the wreckage. They would not be burned in the infernal depths of the smoldering ruin, either.

Still, he would have liked to avoid becoming smeared from head to toe in soot...Before Sunny could do anything, though, something about Saint changed subtly.

'Did she just...'

She had. Saint had effortlessly changed the weight of her stonelike body, making it as light as a feather.

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

'Feather of Truth?'

It was the same ability he possessed, granted by the Onyx Shell. Saint had not been able to adjust her mass while wearing her original armor, but now that it had become a part of her personal darkness, she could.

The effect was more or less the same, but the process was different.

Sunny had only vaguely felt it, but it was as if she had not simply changed her mass... instead, it was as if a negative quality was added to it, thus reducing the weight. Where had that negativity come from? He did not know.Then again, he did not know how the [Feather of Truth] worked, either. Perhaps he had always done the same thing without realizing it.In any case, Sunny was quite pleased with the fact that Saint could change her weight at will now. Naturally, an ability like that was an incredible boon in combat — he had woven it so deeply into his own battle art that fighting any other way seemed clumsy and ineffectual now.

However, it was also quite useful outside of combat, since Saint's great weight often presented a problem in mundane situations. Like walking on fragile floors, traveling by boat... or swimming.

Considering how often Sunny found himself inexplicably thrown into large bodies of water, that alone was an invaluable boon.Saint stared at him from above for a bit. Then, she stared at him some more.

He shifted from one leg to another, trying not to take offense.

'No, but... am I really this tiny?!'Since he was looking through Saint's eyes right now, he was staring at himself from her great height. From that perspective, Sunny indeed looked like a little toy.

Was that how Saint always saw him?

He ground his teeth, missing the days when she was a mere Monster, and of the same height as him.Fiend had started out as a scrawny gremlin, as well... but now, that gluttonous idiot was five meters tall.

Sunny did not even want to imagine what he looked like from Fiend's perspective...

'He might be huge, but he's still an annoying imp inside! In fact, I should start calling him Imp again, just so that the overgrown bastard does not get a big head!'

Saint, meanwhile, tilted her head a little.Then... he felt her body turning into a torrent of darkness once again.

But it did not rush anywhere. Instead, it shrank in size and then solidified back into the figure of the graceful knight. Only now, she was smaller.

Suddenly, Sunny was looking at himself from a

new perspective... one level with his own eyes.

'Huh?'

He remained motionless for a moment.

So Saint had not just gained the ability to reduce her weight. She had also gained the ability to reduce her size, and used it to return to her original modest stature...Which was great news for Sunny! Simply wonderful news...

He smiled behind the mask.

But as soon as he was done talking, Saint raised her chin slightly, and changed her size once more.This time, she made it so that she was a full head taller than Sunny.

He froze.Nodding with a hint of satisfaction, Saint looked down at him, and then headed away.

Sunny remained motionless, absolutely dumbfounded by the outrageous sequence of events.

He only managed to regain his composure a few seconds later.

'What the hell? Where is she even going? There's nowhere to go!'

**********


                                Chapter 1908 Contemplating Mortality
--------------------
Eventually, Sunny dismissed Saint to let her continue her recovery in the dark silence of his soul. Able to see once again, he looked around and pondered what he had learned.

Saint seemed to have gained several new powers. One was to summon a pool of elemental darkness, one was to turn into a torrent of it, one was to manifest a suit of armor, and the last two had to do with reducing her weight and size. However, Sunny was not sure if these were truly new Attributes and Abilities, or simply evolutions of those she had already possessed. The suit of armor forged from pure darkness, for example, was a logical extension of her [Blade of Darkness] Ability. The power to summon a flood of elemental darkness might have been simply the result of her [Heart of Darkness] growing stronger.

Sunny was not sure. More than that, he did not even know if these new powers Saint had shown him were the full extent of her change. Neither did he know how many shadow fragments she had received after absorbing her old suit of onyx armor.

She definitely seemed... stronger. Her presence had grown deeper, the cold crimson flames burning in her eyes had become fiercer... even though Saint had not evolved to a new Class, it felt as if she was much closer to becoming a Tyrant now.

The problem was that Sunny had no way of knowing the details of what had changed about her.

His [Handy Bracelet] imitated the shimmering runes, but what they read came from Sunny's own head, not the omniscient reservoir of knowledge that the Spell possessed.

So, there was only one way for him to fully understand Saint's new powers — it was to ask Cassie to take a good look at her.

However...

Doing that was a problem in and of itself.

That was because Sunny had been unable to contact Cassie from the moment Revel and her sisters ambushed the Saints of the Sword Domain -— or maybe even from before that, since he had not spoken to her for some time prior to the ambush.

As soon as Sunny discovered that he could not hear Cassie, his incarnation in the warcamp of the Sword Army had been searching for her. But Master Sunless did not manage to find the blind seer yet.

Looking at the subterranean lake through the smoke, Sunny sighed.

'I wonder what she's up to.‘

The smoke was irritating, so Sunny turned into a shadow and glided to the edges of the smoldering ruin, where the air was cleaner.

Taking a deep breath, he looked at the water.

The dim darkness of the Hollows was illuminated by the orange glow of the towering pyre, and dancing flames reflected on the surface of the lake. It was quiet and pretty — a soothing scene after the violent fury of the recent battle. Looking at it, Sunny felt that an emotion he had been suppressing ever since the daughters of Ki Song retreated finally broke free.

A tide of dark, terrifying fury escaped from its cage and flooded his heart. '...Black Moon.‘

Princess Moonveil, or whatever her name was... had almost killed Nephis today. While Sunny was having fun learning new things and testing his limits against Revel, Neph had been bleeding somewhere far above, alone and robbed of her powers.

He couldn't quite make sense of it all.

Nephis was... Nephis. Her public image was that of a larger-than-life heroine, and although Sunny knew that it had been meticulously crafted by the government and Cassie, he still couldn't help but forget that she was a mere mortal, sometimes.

She had accomplished the impossible too many times — just like he had — and had overcome impossible odds on too many occasions. In addition to that, her Aspect made her nearly immortal.

So, Sunny did not often contemplate the possibility that Nephis would be killed. Even when imagining how he himself would fight someone with powers similar to hers, he never thought about slaying them — that would be just a senseless waste of time and energy.

Instead, he carefully considered how he would restrain the opponent and render them helpless, which was the optimal way of defeating such a foe.

But today, that subconscious bias of his had been shattered. Each Aspect was unique, and there were all kinds of them out there... even such an insidious power as the ability to nullify all other powers existed, wielded by one of the princesses of the Song Domain.

And Moonveil had used that power of hers against Nephis.

Sunny did not even know how close he had come to losing her, and he... was not alright with that fact.

His hands turned into fists without him noticing.

For a moment, Sunny contemplated using his incarnation in the camp of the Song Army to go on a slaughter. He was currently not too far from Seishan and Death Singer — maybe killing them would be enough punishment for Clan Song, who had dared to lay a hand on Nephis.

If not, it could at least make him feel better.

However, he quickly discarded that idea. Not only would it put Rain in danger, but he couldn't really kill Saints for personal reasons. Perhaps playing a Valor soldier had gotten into his head, a little — for a moment, Sunny forgot that the Great Clan Song was not his enemy.

Its Queen was, as well as the King of Swords. Everyone else was a precious resource that could not be wasted — with every Saint that perished in the senseless war between the two Domains, the future of humanity was being compromised. Every powerful Awakened that died in Godgrave would not be able to save countless lives in the dire, inevitable future.

Sunny let out a frustrated sigh.

Most of all, that impulse of his was childish.

He was letting his emotions get the best of him. He was being foolish.

Of course, Nephis could die. No matter how impossible it seemed, she could be killed just like the rest of them. He had always understood that logically, but understanding and acceptance were two different things.

Sunny could be killed despite his miraculous tenacity, as well. 0r worse, captured alive — remembering the dark mirror cell where Mordret had been kept for many years made him shudder. That was not something he wished for himself...

Or for Nephis.

Just as he thought about her, the weak flames around him were suddenly extinguished, and she emerged from the smoke, shielding her face with a hand. "There you are."

Sunny studied her for a while, as if making sure that she was really alive, and then smiled faintly behind the mask.

"Yes. Here I am."

**********


                                Chapter 1909 Feel Alive
--------------------
Nephis walked over to the edge of the water, looked at it for a few moments, and then sat on the ground.

Her voice sounded a little raspy, but mostly just as it always did:

"He has regained consciousness and is binding the Gateway now. Revel's imprint is strong, so it will take some time... ten minutes, at least. Maybe half an hour."

She sighed.

"Some of us will have to return to the waking world after that, to bring back the initial reinforcements. You know what happens next."

Sunny did know.

Once the Gateway was bound by a Saint of the Sword Army, Anvil's Domain would manifest in the Hollows. The King of Swords would probably arrive at the ruined Citadel himself, and the war would finally spill beneath the surface of the ancient bones.

The subjugation of the Hollows was bound to be an affair both spectacular and harrowing. Considering how powerful the predators of the ancient jungle were, the king would have to lead the conquest personally... at least for a while.

By the time the immediate area around the lake was conquered by the Sword Army, both sides would have prominently established themselves in Godgrave. The first stage of the war would be complete, and the two armies would start clashing in large—scale battles, clamoring for control.

Control over the surface, control over the Hollows, control over the paths to the remaining two Citadels.

Everything that had happened before was merely a prelude, and the true bloodshed would begin now.

Well... there were ten more minutes before that happened, at least.

Nephis sighed and looked down at her blackened, shredded armor. Then, she dismissed it and summoned a soft white tunic instead.

Her voice sounded a little gloomy:

"You know... I think I am going to give up on wearing armor altogether. What is the point, if it only ends up being destroyed? Or worse, a burden. Especially these suits of full plate that Knights ofValor prefer — in the last battle, the left elbow joint was bent almost immediately. I had to struggle every time I needed to bend my arm."

A faint smile appeared on her face.

"I think it will be great... less burden, more mobility, wider field of view. Not to mention the heat — everyone still cooking inside a steel armor will be green with envy, looking at my well—ventilated self."

Sunny gave her a long stare, not at all happy at the thought of people staring at Neph's... well—ventilated... body.

And unhappy for another reason, too.

"If it wasn't for your armor, it would have been your arm being cut instead of an elbow joint being bent."

Nephis shrugged nonchalantly.

"I can heal my arm. I can't repair a broken piece of armor."

He frowned.

"Only, this time, you couldn't."

She did not respond, looking at the water with a hint of wistfulness in her gaze. After a while, Sunny sighed. The facade of arrogant coldness the Lord of Shadows usually wore slipped a little, and he said in a more humane tone:

"It must have been hard, fighting against an overwhelming enemy without your powers. I had my Shadows with me, at least. You were alone."

Nephis lingered for a few moments, then slowly shook her head.

"...Actually, it was nice."

Her gaze grew distant.

"I almost forgot what it felt like — to hold a sword without the promise of pain. I loved swordsmanship once, you know? That is because... I don't have many memories of my father, and in those that I do, he is teaching me how to hold a sword. So, even after he was gone, training made me feel a connection to him." She looked at the water.

"But I don't love it anymore. Wielding a sword has become simply something that I do, because it is one of the tools at my disposal... the sharpest of them, perhaps. In fact, I don't know if there's anything left that I love."

Sunny remained silent, but his face fell a little behind the mask.

'Ouch.‘

He knew that Neph's feelings for him were more shallow than his feelings for her were — after all, from her perspective, they had only known each other for a few months. But it still wasn't very pleasant, to hear his supposed girlfriend say something like that.

Oblivious to his bitterness, Nephis sighed.

"Sometimes I wonder what my grandmother would have thought if she saw me now. Would she have been proud? Or heartbroken? Is this what she wanted for me? Probably not... I doubt it."

Sunny sat beside her, then turned and looked at her through the dark chasms of his mask's eyes.

His voice sounded a little hesitant:

"From what I know... she would have been happy that you are alive. She would say — good job staying alive, my dear. Well, or something like that. In any case, you are your own person. Your grandmother could not know the burden you carry and the scars that remain on your heart. She could not understand the choices you make, or why you make them. No one is better qualified to know these things than you are, so no one has the right to critique your decisions. Don't worry about it."

Gods knew, the same held true for Sunny. Both of his parents had been menial workers —— he doubted that they would have had a lot of insight into the life of a Saint, let alone one as exceptional as Sunny was. Their mundane lives had been far away from the matters of gods, daemons, Supreme tyrants, and world-ending wars.

But they would have been happy to know that both he and Rain were alive and healthy. That they were forging their own path in life, despite how hard and unforgiving the world was. That they had not been bent and misshapen by its cold cruelty.

Nephis looked at him, remained silent for a few moments, and said evenly:

"...Your mask has a crack in it."

Sunny blinked.

'Right.’

It had cracked during the battle against Revel. The enchantments still functioned, but with Anvil potentially arriving in a matter of minutes, it was better to dismiss [Definitely Not Me] and don the real deal.

He sighed and dismissed the damaged Memory, summoning Weaver's Mask instead.

...However, soon after the first mask dissolved into nothingness and before the second one manifested itself into reality, Nephis suddenly placed a hand on the back of Sunny's neck, pulled him closer, and kissed him.

He froze for a moment, then hurriedly dismissed the manifesting Divine Memory and responded to her passionate kiss.

The softness of her lips, the heat of her skin... were intoxicating.

They quenched a thirst that he had not known he was suffering from, and at the same time ignited a fire within him that was much more scorching than the flames devouring the ruins of the fallen Citadel around them.

Dazed and enraptured, Sunny quietly cursed the Onyx Mantle for preventing him from feeling the warm, supple fullness of her embrace.

Their fervent kiss lasted for a long time.

Nephis only drew away when both of them were on the verge of running out of air. Breathing heavily, they remained silent for a few moments.

Sunny touched his lips, blinked a couple of times, then asked in an unexpectedly shy tone:

"What... what was that for?"

She turned away with a slight smile and shrugged.

"Just... I thought I would die, for a few moments back there. So, I suddenly wanted to feel alive."

He remained silent for a bit.

"So, do you feel alive now?"

Nephis considered his question seriously, then looked at him with a solemn expression.

"I'd say... I'm about halfway revived?"

His eyes glistened.

...Before too long, both of them felt an imperceptible shift in the air. It was as if an invisible, but palpable presence settled over the area, changing it subtly — at the same time, irrevocably. Making it colder, sharper, and heavier with solid intent.

The Sword Domain had descended into the Hollows.

**********


                                Chapter 1910 Rivergate
--------------------
Rivergate, the Citadel of Clan Dagonet, was built on a wide river. It cut across it like a great wall — or rather, a series of walls, descending from tall cliffs like steps meant for a giant.

It was both a dam and a lock. The highest wall held back the powerful current. Each step below it was separated by a vast chamber with towering gates, which could be filled with or drained of water with the help of ancient enchantments. A ship traveling to or from the Stormsea could descend from the cliffs or scale them due to the ancient system of locks, never leaving the river. At the same time, nothing could swim further upstream without destroying the Citadel — and even then, the assailant would have to crawl out of the water and travel by land with the locks destroyed.

There was almost a kilometer of vertical distance between the highest point of Rivergate and its lowest point. Each descending wall was incredibly tall and thick, built of monolithic stone, with battlements constructed on top of it. Fearsome siege weapons stood on the battlements — some of them enchanted with ancient sorcery, some built by the forgemasters of Clan Valor.

Hundreds of Awakened crowded the walls, led by a dozen Masters.

Seven Saints were standing on the highest of the fortress walls, looking down with somber expressions.

They were Morgan, the Princess of War, and six champions whose help she had enlisted... or coerced.

At this point, there was little difference.

Three of the six Saints had belonged to the House of Night once — Saint Naeve, Saint Bloodwave, and Saint Aether.

The other three were with the government — Nightsinger, War Beast, and Soul Reaper Jet.

At that moment, Naeve was talking to War Beast — Saint Athena, Raised by Wolves.

"...So you encountered that fiend before?"

She gave him a long look, then smiled wryly.

"We even killed him before."

Naeve turned to a startlingly beautiful man with auburn hair and mesmerizing green eyes, a stunned expression on his face.

"Saint Nightingale, is this true?"

Saint Kai shifted uncomfortably.

"Not exactly. What we killed was not that fiend — rather, it was a Corrupted version of his Transcendent self conjured by the Nightmare. Even then, none of us three dare claim any credit. He was eradicated by Lady Changing Star."

He sighed.

"Still. We know more about what he's capable of than anyone else. That should be of some help."

Naeve looked down, then cast a dark gaze south.

"...At least we know that he can be killed, then."

Less than a day had passed since Mordret of... of Nowhere, really, had landed on the shore of the Sword Domain. The six Saints Morgan had recruited barely had any time to talk while being brought to Rivergate by her.

The journey from Bastion to here had been swift due to the fact that there were three Transcendent champions of the House of Night with them. Morgan herself had not said much to them, spending most of the journey thinking about her task with a dark expression on her face.

She had, however, given each of the Six Saints an amulet in the shape of an anvil pierced by a sword — all except Nightingale, who already possessed one.

Her expression had been solemn while entrusting her companions with the steel charms.

"At the moment, there are only seven of these in existence. Now, six of them are here — I spoiled quite a few relationships to take them away from the previous owners. So, treasure them well. Never part with the amulet, and don't allow that man to take it away from you. Unless you want to become one of his vessels." Saint Naeve studied the amulet with a mournful expression. After a while, he asked:

"...Don't you have one for yourself, Lady Morgan?"

She shook her head.

"The seventh... had been lost in Antarctica and never recovered. My uncle

wore it. Of course, Clan Valor possesses other means of defense against that man, but none are quite as easily transportable. In any case, don't worry. I'll be fine."

Hearing her words, Soul Reaper raised an eyebrow.

"Oh? How so?"

Morgan answered her with a sharp smile.

"Well, if he does enter my soul... I'll just have to kill him there, won't I? Like my dear sister did, in the Nightmare."

She had been preparing to fight her brother again for four years. Morgan doubted that he would actually dare challenge her to a soul duel, but if he did... both of them would not survive the battle, this time.

Morgan almost hoped that he would.

In fact, the amulets were a bad solution to their predicament. That was because, from everything her family had learned about that man, the only way to kill him was to destroy his true reflection during a soul duel... even that had only been learned from Changing Star's report on the events of her Third Nightmare.

So, by donning the amulets, her champions were rejecting the only method of defeating the enemy.

But little could be done about that. Leaving them defenseless was too great of a risk — she absolutely could not allow her brother to take more Saints, because he would be able to conquer more Citadels by wearing their bodies.

And losing more Citadels to the Song Domain was not an option.

She sighed.

"How long before he comes?"

It was Saint Bloodwave, with his deep voice, who had asked the question. Morgan lingered for a moment.

"He had already come. He's just hiding and observing us, for the time being." Her words seemed to unsettle the six Saints — or rather, five of them. Soul Reaper remained relaxed and aloof, leaning on her ghostly war scythe as she lazily studied the ancient walls of Rivergate.

Raised by Wolves shifted from one leg to another, and then looked at Morgan with a smile.

"You know what they usually do in such situations in heroic novels, don't you?" Morgan couldn't help but admit... that she was continuously perplexed by that woman.

She blinked a couple of times, trying to remember if she had even read a heroic novel in her life.

Surely not.

"Can't say that I do, Saint Athena."

The tall woman — beautiful as a statue of the goddess of war that had come alive — grinned.

"Well, the resourceful type of hero always blows up a dam and drowns an army of ten thousand men, achieving an impossible victory and proving their strategic genius. You're the strategist, so... we aren't going to blow up Rivergate, are we? Oh, and call me Effie."

Morgan stared at her for a few moments, then slowly shook her head.

"No, we are not going to blow up Rivergate. Why would I try drowning an enemy whose vessels are all Saints from the House of Night? That doesn't make any sense."

Raised by Wolves... Effie... nodded knowingly.

"A good decision. You really are a genius!"

**********

