Shadow Slave - PART 130
Chapters 1291 to 1300
==============================


                                Chapter 1291 Perilous Gift
--------------------
Shadow Dance… was both the Legacy of his Aspect and a battle art Sunny had invented. That battle art was insidious, shapeless, and ever-changing… its purpose was to steal that which made the enemy strong and use it to destroy them. The first step of Shadow Dance was the foundation of this ability. Sunny had mastered it during his bitter battle with Nephis, whom he knew all too well. It allowed him to peer into the very essence of the enemy's battle style and gain an almost supernatural understanding of what they would do, as well as the ability to mimic it. The second step was a continuation of the first. It was the same in all aspects except for scale. Assuming the persona of Mongrel, Sunny had battled countless Awakened and absorbed their styles in order to make his ability more ubiquitous. He had mastered it during the final battle of the Dream Tournament, facing Morgan. That breakthrough deepened his understanding of the fundamental, governing principles of battle, which in turn allowed him to shadow unfamiliar and sophisticated battle styles much faster, and with greater ease. He also gained the ability to intuitively sense the unique ways in which his opponents utilized their soul essence to make those styles possible. The third step was different. It expanded on the first two, broadening the scope of Shadow Dance by redefining what a battle style was. Outwardly, that simply meant that Sunny had begun including Nightmare Creatures in the ranks of enemies he shadowed. Inwardly, however, the distinction was much greater. The third step had more to do with Sunny himself than with his enemies. After plunging into the alien and perverse minds of various abominations in the Red Colosseum, he still found himself falling short of an epiphany. That was because Sunny had to let go of his own sense of self to truly be able to shadow things that were innately different from him. He had to become more like the shapeless, formless shadows. He had managed to pass this impossible test because of the battle with Nightmare. The third mastery vastly broadened and improved his ability to shadow his enemies, as well as giving him the ability to perceive the flow of essence within them clearly. However, it also made Shadow Dance a double-edged sword — Sunny had found it easy to get lost in the form of an adversary, forgetting himself forever. The best defense against this risk was his True Name, which served as the anchor of his soul. …And now, there was the fourth step.

'It is even more dangerous.'

Sunny still felt the lingering remnants of the Azure Serpent paint his perception of the world. After delving into the form of the mad beast so deeply, he struggled to shake it off.

The fourth step was also a continuation of the previous one. A logical progression that both completed and transformed the perilous gift of the third step. The third step was about breaking the rigid constraints of Sunny's mind to make it as shapeless and adaptable as a shadow. The fourth step… was about allowing Sunny's physical form to follow suit. The key to mastering it was Shadow Manifestation. In the dreadful crucible of Antarctica, Sunny had invented Shadow Shell and Shadow Incarnation, which gave him all the tools he needed to reach the fourth mastery. But it wasn't until the battle with Daeron of the Twilight Sea that he hammered all these elements together into a cohesive whole. Thinking about it, he shivered. Any form, any shape. The ability to not only grasp the essence of, but also become any creature he truly came to know. The prospect of such an ability seemed… limitless. But so was its danger.

'What will I become if I use the fourth step a lot?'

There was an even more frightening question. If the fourth step of Shadow Dance was already so incredible and daunting, then what would the fifth, the sixth, and the seventh steps look like? Sunny felt that he needed to be careful, but he also knew that he was not going to let go of this power. He needed it. With a sigh, he thought back to the battle with Daeron of the Twilight Sea and started going over every moment of it, absorbing the feeling of becoming a great serpent into his bones. With every minute that passed, he felt the moment where everything would click together drawing closer. ***

The waters of the Great River were already dimming by the time Sunny opened his eyes. He let out a deep sigh and remained motionless for a few moments, contemplating his progress. 'I'm so close…'

It was probably a matter of days, a week or two at most, before he mastered the fourth step of Shadow Dance — and received the fourth Legacy Relic. Excited, Sunny wondered what it would be.

A Shadow? A Memory? Or something else entirely, like another drop of ichor?

'Whatever it is... I hope Blood Weave doesn't gobble it up again!'

Suddenly bitter, he glanced at the horizon, and then hurriedly summoned the Crown of Twilight back. Soon, the seven suns rose from the depths and chased away the impenetrable darkness of the night. The dim twilight of dawn enveloped the ketch for a brief period of time. At that moment, Sunny felt a flood of essence rush into his cores. 'Amazing.'

The rate of recovery was indeed greatly enhanced. Sunny had five shadow cores instead of one, so it took five times as long for him to recover all his essence — without the aid of the Shroud of Dusk. With it and the [Legacy of Twilight], though, it felt as though he would be able to replenish his reserves fully in the span of a single day. Half at dawn, and another half at dusk. If he was even slightly frugal, he would practically never run out of essence. Feeling encouraged, he glanced at the frail figure of Ananke, then turned to Nephis. Sunny silently pointed to the serpentine band of black metal on his head. It was time to ask more questions.

**********


                                Chapter 1292 History of Time
--------------------
Nephis nodded, indicating that she had read the description of the Crown of Twilight. The two of them could have communicated through the [Blessing of Dusk] to discuss how they would approach the conversation with Ananke… but really, there was no need. The old woman showed no indication of being someone they needed to be wary of. So, they could simply ask. There was one question that had to be answered above all else, though. Sunny shifted slightly, then called:

"Grandmother…"

Ananke stirred, as if waking up from a dream, and looked at them with her cloudy eye. "Yes, my Lord?"

Still uncomfortable with this form of address, Sunny thought for a moment and asked:

"Have you ever heard about… that which was defiled?"

The old woman suddenly froze. Her hand, which was resting on the steering oar, trembled. For a while, nothing but the sound of water splashing against the hull of the ketch could be heard. It seemed that she wasn't happy to hear that question. However, Sunny and Nephis had no choice but to ask it — they needed to learn everything they could about the assumed goal of this Nightmare.

Eventually, Ananke sighed.

"That which was defiled… I guess you are talking about the Defilement, my Lord."

Sunny's eyes glinted. "The… Defilement?"

Remembering the horrors of the Southern Campaign, he made a sudden connection. There were three Nightmare Creatures he had slain that bore a similar name — the Defiled Witness, the Defiled Herald, and the Defiled Seeker of Truth. The first one was the Fallen Demon who led the pack of eyeless beasts. The second was the Corrupted Devil who led the group of desiccated corpses, their mouths sewn shut — Sunny had received the Stifled Scream after that battle. The third one was the Fallen Titan he had killed by chance during the joint battle against the enormous horde of abominations in East Antarctica, receiving the Mirror of Truth. Had all of them come from the Tomb of Ariel?

The old woman nodded. "Yes… the Defilement. I am sorry, my Lord and Lady. I should have known that you would not be aware of these matters. You are Outsiders, after all."

Sunny and Nephis glanced at each other, wondering what she meant. Ananke remained silent for a few moments, then spoke solemnly:

"...To understand what the Defilement is, you will first need to learn a little about the history of the Great River. I will try to explain as well as I can."

Nephis frowned slightly. "The history? I am not sure I understand what history a river that flows through time can possess."

The old woman smiled faintly. "Time within the Tomb of Ariel is unpredictable and convoluted. Sometimes, it flows slowly, while sometimes it flows swiftly. Sometimes, time rises in great storms, or grows stale, or circles forever as a whirlpool. Currents merge and separate, or disappear without a trace. But, nevertheless… for most of us, unless we enter turbulent waters, time always moves. Just like in the outside world. It is just that our own time is different from the time there."

Noticing a hint of confusion on their faces, Ananke looked thoughtful for a while. Then, she sighed:

"The best way I can explain it is like this — the Great River does indeed flow from the future into the past, but that is only in relation to the outside world. Here, this kind of time is no different from space. However, the River still has a past, a present, and a future in relation to itself. Here, this kind of time is just like the time of the Outside."

Nephis tilted her head a little. "So, one can say that Sunny and I entered the Tomb of Ariel in a distant future — meaning much higher upstream. But one can also say that we entered a month ago? Both distance and days are a measure of time?"

The old woman nodded. "Indeed. You are wise, my Lady."

The corner of Sunny's mouth twitched. 'That's the second time she calls Nephis wise… zero times for me, though!'

Still, he understood the idea. There were actually two concepts named "time" inside the Tomb of Ariel — one was the flow of the Great River itself, which was prone to all kinds of shenanigans, while the second was no different from the concept of time they were familiar with. The old woman continued:

"So, the Great River has a history, as well. Or rather, it is us, the River People, who have it. That history… started a long time ago, when the sybils first entered the Tomb of Ariel with their people. There were others, too — all kinds of humans and creatures who came seeking truth, which is said to be hidden at the Estuary." Her creaky voice grew wistful:

"That was when we, heralds of the Nightmare Spell, came to the Great River as well. I was told that it was a golden age. The sybils established their cities, and powerful Seekers built solitary manors among the waves. They had escaped the end, and lived in peace and prosperity within the Tomb of Ariel."

Sunny found something curious and asked:

"You were told? You weren't there yourself?"

Come to think of it, when Ananke had spoken about the persecution of the followers of Weaver, she had mentioned not experiencing it personally. That statement had sounded rather strange at the time, but there were many other questions that needed to be asked first. The old woman chuckled. "Goodness… of course, no. I might look old, but I am not that ancient. No… I was born much later, after Weave was already established. Unlike those who have come from outside, like you, I am Riverborn."

Sunny made a mental note that there was a distinction between the Outsiders and the Riverborn, and continued to listen. Ananke took a hoarse breath, then said somberly:

"But that golden age… eventually, it came to an end. First, the voices of the gods grew silent, causing the sybils to turn their gazes to the Estuary. And then… then, the Defilement was born."

**********


                                Chapter 1293 Defilement
--------------------
Ananke's weathered, wrinkly face grew dark. The old woman lingered for a while before saying:

"The other name for the Defilement is Corruption... a special kind of Corruption that appeared on the Great River and then spread from downstream like a plague. Or rather, was spread."

Nephis leaned forward a little:

"Spread... from downstream?"

The old woman nodded heavily.

"Yes. It is because the Defilement... its origin is the Estuary."

Her cloudy eyes grew distant.

"The Seekers were always trying to reach the Estuary, traveling further and further downstream. But none of them succeeded in finding it. Eventually, they built a city of their own in the far reaches of the past - a city called Verge. Its grandeur could compete with the bustling prosperity of the large cities ruled by the sybils, and from there, they continued their search. Until, eventually... one of them really managed to enter the Estuary."

The old woman gripped the steering oar as she looked at the vast expanse of the Great River, then continued dully:

"However, what he found there was not the truth, but Corruption. Or perhaps it was the truth that he found that corrupted him. That Seeker became the first of the Defiled, and he brought the Defilement back with him to the Verge. The city of Seekers was consumed by the Defilement, and those consumed by it became twisted and monstrous. They spread from there like a plague, bringing a great calamity to the River People."

Ananke grew silent, breathing heavily.

Sunny was scowling deeply.

'So that was what happened...'

The hideous truth that the Demon of Dread had hidden in the heart of the Black Pyramid... the first person who learned it was consumed by Corruption as a result. Not only that, but he also infected the rest of the Seekers with it, destroying - or rather, transforming - an entire city into a nightmarish source of the spreading Corruption. Of the Defilement.

...Just what kind of secret had Ariel buried at the dawn of time?

More importantly, was that what Daeron of the Twilight Sea had tried to achieve? Storm the corrupted city of Verge and slay the first witness to the harrowing truth, who was the root of the Defilement?

If so, their task would be a dreadful one.

Nephis seemed to be thinking the same. After pondering for a while, she asked:

"What happened next?"

Ananke shifted on her bench, then sighed.

"Because of the Defilement, the peaceful waters of the Great River became plagued by the Corrupted. The most powerful of them come from the furthest reaches of the past, downstream... as well as from the terrible emptiness of the future, where you have come from, my Lord and Lady. The River People found themselves trapped between the harrowing past and the doomed future, with nowhere to escape. Of course, they fought against the Defilement and resisted for a while."

She looked away and said bitterly:

"...But they also fought among themselves. That was how we were chased away and forced to escape upstream, braving terrible dangers. Eventually, we lost all contact with those who had exiled us. The last we heard was that many of the sybils had succumbed to the Defilement, and that many of their cities had fallen. Even Twilight, the city of the Serpent King, had been lost. Now... it is the dusk of the River People. Soon, there won't be any of us left at all."

Sunny felt that he understood what had happened with the people who escaped the end of the world by entering the Tomb of Ariel... most of them had either died or been Corrupted, and the rest would soon follow. That was the fate of the Great River civilization.

So, there were two ways to resolve the conflict of the Nightmare.

They had to either help the destruction of that civilization, or turn the tide by eliminating the source of the spreading Defilement. The latter, of course, would receive much higher praise from the Spell, since it would differ drastically from fate.

He also noted the mention of Twilight... which, as it turned out, was the name of the city King Daeron and his vassals had built. Another interesting point was that Fallen Grace, the city ruled by the last sybil, was situated in the region of the Great River that had already mostly succumbed to the Defilement. Perhaps it was the last human stronghold remaining in the Tomb of Ariel.

'And another thing...'

Ananke had said that there were two places inside the Tomb of Ariel that were much more dreadful and dangerous than all the rest - the far reaches of the future upstream, and the far reaches of the past downstream.

His luck was incredible, as always. Not only had Sunny entered the Great River in one of these harrowing places, but he also seemed destined to journey into the other.

'Great. Simply great...'

What Sunny paid most attention to, however, was a simple question... just how was the Defilement spreading? He did not know a lot about Corruption, but it didn't seem like something that could just happen.

Even Skinwalker could not infect humans with Corruption - instead, it could only infect them with itself. Did the Defilement have a similar nature? He did not think that it did - if all the Nightmare Creatures in the Tomb of Ariel were vessels of the same entity, the first Seeker, they wouldn't be fighting each other.

That was an important distinction.

Looking at Ananke, he asked in a dark tone:

.cοm

"Grandmother, do you know how the Defilement spreads?"

The old woman shook her head.

"I am sorry, my Lord. I do not... in truth, I've only met a true Defiled once. Weave is situated too far upstream, so while we had to battle Corrupted creatures of the future often, no one from the Verge has ever reached us."

Nephis frowned.

"Except for that one Defiled?"

Ananken nodded.

"...Yes."

The water was sparkling under the sunlight, and the ketch was flying across the waves, traveling further and further into the past. Nephis hesitated for a moment, and then asked:

"What happened when the Defiled appeared?"

The old woman did not answer for a while. Eventually, she raised her head and smiled bitterly.

"The day he appeared... was the day Weave was destroyed."

Her words traveled somberly across the surface of the water, soon disappearing into the wind.

**********


                                Chapter 1294 Corruption
--------------------
In the morning, they enjoyed delicious food and fragrant wine from Ananke's wooden box. The old woman herself seemed a little bit more energetic today, but the long conversation had tired her out. She ate very little and returned to the steering oar, looking at the flowing water with a distant expression.

She must have been thinking about her city, Weave, which had been destroyed by the Defiled.

Without having to discuss it, Sunny and Nephis decided to give their kind guide some privacy. They had to digest the many revelations of the past day, anyway.

Sunny was leaning his back on the side of the ketch, cradling a steaming cup of tea in his hands. Nephis was by his side, looking at the sky.

After some time had passed in comfortable silence, he used the Blessing of Dusk to ask:

[There is one thing I don't understand.]

She shifted slightly and turned to look at him. Sunny was suddenly painfully aware of how close they were... his pale face was reflecting in the calm depths of her striking grey eyes.

He sighed.

[She said that Weave was destroyed. And yet, she is taking us there. Why?]

Nephis contemplated for a few moments.

[Ananke survived the destruction, so more people could have survived as well. If not, it would be to scavenge for supplies for the journey ahead. We will see when we get there.]

Sunny took a sip from his cup, enjoying the warmth of the freshly brewed tea. The ketch was swaying gently, and the view was heavenly. It was really hard to believe that they were inside a Nightmare.

[What do you think about what we've learned so far?]

Neph's face darkened a little. She looked away and shrugged.

[...The situation is better than I thought. It seems we have a clear enemy, at least. More than that, not all of the Great River is as dangerous as our starting point. I was wary... a little bit... thinking that every Nightmare Creature here is like the Azure Serpent, the Black Turtle, and that horrid butterfly. But it doesn't seem that way.]

She paused, then added somberly:

[However, I am concerned about the others. We all came from the same moment in time, so they should have been sent to the same region of the Great River. Why is there no sign of them?]

Sunny looked down with a grim expression. He shared that concern.

Cassie, Effie, Kai, Jet, and even Mordret... where were they? None of them were easy to kill. He firmly believed that his friends were still alive, somewhere out there.

Or at least, he wanted to.

[...But it is strange, isn't it?]

Nephis glanced at him with a silent question.

He frowned.

[The way we entered the Nightmare. As Masters, we get to keep our own bodies, true... but we are still supposed to replace someone from that region and era. Whose place have you and I taken? From what Ananke told us, there were not supposed to be any humans further than Weave. It doesn't make sense.]

Nephis seemed taken aback a little. Of course, her reserved expression had not changed even a little bit - however, Sunny knew her well enough to see that she was stumped.

[You're right. It is strange.]

He remained silent for a few moments, thinking. Could it be that the Spell had failed to find suitable hosts for the other members of the cohort that far upstream, and so sent them someplace else?

Eventually, he shook his head and asked:

[Regardless. That Defilement... how exactly does it spread? There has not been a single instance of a human from the waking world succumbing to Corruption... as far as I know. What really happened to that Seeker in the Estuary?]

Nephis did not answer, looking at the sky. After a while, she shook her head.

[You are wrong. Countless humans from our world have become Corrupted. Every Sleeper that fails the First Nightmare turns into a Nightmare Creature... isn't it the same thing?]

Sunny tilted his head, stunned by that simple comparison. Nephis was right, numerous people had turned into Nightmare Creatures in the waking world already. It was just that none of them had been of a higher Rank than Dormant... because the trials of the Spell killed them long before they could set foot on the path of Ascension.

While she was thinking, Nephis suddenly added in a contemplative tone:

[As for the Seeker who learned the truth of the Estuary and brought Corruption to the Great River... actually, it reminds me of something you told me once.]

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

[Me?]

She nodded.

[It was a long time ago, on the Forgotten Shore. When we were enthralled by the Soul Devouring Tree, you told me about the Lineage Memory you had found in its branches. In its description... wasn't it said that the loathsome Thieving Bird had gone mad after seeing a glimpse of "unknown" frozen in the depths of Weaver's eye?]

He shivered, suddenly consumed by an ominous premonition.

[What of it?]

Nephis shrugged.

[It just reminds me of that Seeker. The Thieving Bird must have been a creature of dreadful power, considering that it managed to steal a daemon's eye. Still, its mind was destroyed by one glimpse at what was hidden in Weaver's pupil. The Seeker saw something that he shouldn't have, and became corrupted. Maybe... he brought the forbidden knowledge back with him. Maybe that is how the Defilement spreads - people learning the truth of the Estuary.]

Sunny grew quiet, thinking about what she said. The description of the Drop of Ichor indeed stated that the Vile Thieving Bird had gone mad after seeing the reflection of the unknown in Weaver's eye. Was it perhaps another way of saying that it had become corrupted?

And if so, had something similar happened to the First Seeker? Was the truth buried by Ariel in the heart of the Black Pyramid the same truth Weaver had witnessed once, and which became forever frozen in the depths of his... or hers... eyes?

'You wanted to be free of the truth, so you didn't deserve it...'

He remained silent for a while, then sighed.

[Well, that's great. Now, we don't only have to be wary of Nightmare Creatures, we even have to be careful about what we learn. Damnation... you do know that I am a very curious guy, don't you, Neph?]

She looked at him, lingered for a bit, and smiled.

[Oh... I do. You are indeed a very curious guy... Lost from Light, who was born from the shadows, rightful heir of...]

Sunny opened his eyes wide and hurriedly dismissed the mental connection of the [Blessing of Dusk].

"Hey, hey!"

Nephis leaned on the side of the ketch and laughed softly.

"What?"

He opened his mouth, then closed it again and gritted his teeth.

"...Can you maybe forget that? Forever?"

Nephis looked away with white sparks dancing in her eyes.

"Can I? Well, I don't know. I have a very good memory..."

Sunny stared at her for a while, then scoffed.

"Admit it, though. You thought it was a bit cool, didn't you? I bet you did. Like you thought Mongrel was..."

Neph's face suddenly grew still.

"I... absolutely did not."

He grinned.

"Sure, sure. Ah, but I have a good memory too. What was it that you said in that nightclub in NQSC? If I recall correctly..."

Nephis closed her eyes and yawned.

"Ah, I am so tired. I think I need to rest now."

Sunny laughed.

"Really? Alright, then. Rest well..."

**********


                                Chapter 1295 No One Knows
--------------------
While Nephis was pretending to sleep, Sunny moved to the stern of the ketch and looked at Ananke, who seemed to have paid no attention to their conversation. Sensing his attention, however, she turned slightly and asked:

"Yes, my Lord?"

He hesitated for a few moments. "I… wanted to ask you about Weaver."

The old woman smiled slightly, as if uplifted by his question. "What would you like to know?"

Sunny remained silent for a moment. What didn't he want to know? Daemons were surrounded by mystery, and while he slowly accumulated a lot of knowledge about them — much more knowledge than an average human in the ancient times of the Dream Realm had, most likely — there were still wide gaps in it. The problem was that Ananke was not really a person from the Dream Realm. She had been born in the Tomb of Ariel and spent her life in isolation from the outside world. Still… she was a priestess of the Nightmare Spell. She had to know many things, even if some of that knowledge had undoubtedly been twisted as a result of becoming religious doctrine.

So, he was unsure how much he would be able to learn from the old woman.

Sunny scratched the back of his head. "Well… for starters, was Weaver a man or a woman?"

He was really tired of stumbling over his words every time he tried to say something about... them.

Ananke chuckled. "No one knows. Weaver was a master of lies, after all — so, you should take anything that is known about the Demon of Fate with a grain of salt. Weaver was the firstborn of the Unknown. His — or hers — domain was fate. And just like fate, Weaver was fickle, inevitable, and terrifying. Despite not possessing dreadful battle power, unlike some other daemons, the Demon of Fate was feared the most."

Sunny was not surprised. He couldn't imagine a more frightening enemy than someone whose weapon was fate itself. That said… he wasn't sure whether Weaver had been able to control fate, or simply perceive it. The latter seemed more probable, even if everyone had been convinced otherwise. Was that one of Weaver's lies?

He inhaled deeply. "Who was the Unknown, then?"

The old woman smiled.

"...I don't know." Sunny blinked a couple of times. 'Well, that is not surprising. There is a reason why that being is called the Unknown, after all… actually, no. Unknown is just the substitute word the Spell uses for the runes it refuses to translate. So, the progenitor of the daemons is called something else. The priesthood of the Nightmare Spell probably started calling that being Unknown for the same reason I did, considering that they are the carriers of the Spell, as well. Or rather, of an ancient, rudimentary version of the Spell.' He shook his head dejectedly. "For someone who has chosen to dedicate their lives to serving Weaver, suffering all kinds of mistreatment and persecution, you and your people don't seem to know a lot about the being you serve."

Sunny was afraid that Ananke would be offended by his remark, but she simply shook her head.

"We might not know a lot… but we know all we need. We know that when the gods and the daemons started their cursed war, Weaver was the only one who refused to participate."

Her weathered face turned somber.

"...And when the flames of that war spread, bringing doom and destruction to all, Weaver was the only one who offered us all a path to salvation."

Sunny glanced at Nephis, who could certainly hear what they were talking about. Wondering what she thought about all that, he asked:

"That path to salvation… is the Nightmare Spell?"

Ananke nodded. "Indeed. The Nightmare Spell was created by Weaver and entrusted to us in order to save us all from the doom that Demons brought upon."

And there it was. A proclamation of a hidden truth that Sunny had tentatively considered before, but was never really sure of. That the purpose of the Spell was not cruel and sinister in nature, but instead fundamentally benevolent... albeit still cruel.

However…

If that was what Weaver had told people like Ananke… could that truth really be trusted?

She had just described the Demon of Fate as a master of lies, after all, and said that everything about Weaver should be taken with a grain of salt. Nevertheless, Ananke seemed to believe in the benevolence of the Nightmare Spell wholeheartedly. That was… rather strange.

'How should I put it…'

The old woman, despite her age and wisdom, seemed a little bit… naive. Sunny and Nephis were not the worst people from the waking world by far, but even they had briefly contemplated attacking and killing her after discovering the ketch. Yet she had never been on guard against them, instead treating them with utmost sincerity. Her unwavering trust in Weaver was just the same. He hesitated for a long time before speaking again:

"Grandmother… I don't mean to offend you, but hasn't that doom come already? Where is the salvation you were promised?"

Holding the steering oar, Ananke smiled softly. "Why… it is right here, my Lord. It is you, the Children of Weaver."

Sunny stared at her for a few moments, his expression incredulous. The old woman chuckled. "You might have misunderstood me a little. When I spoke of salvation, I did not mean that my elders, who had accepted the mission of caring for the Nightmare Spell from Weaver, hoped to save themselves. The Doom War… it threatened to destroy all life — all humans, and all beings — everywhere, forever. So, what they really wanted to save… was the future."

She paused for a few moments, took a shaky breath, and added:

"It might be strange to say this while sailing into the past, but the future… it is still ahead, and so, it can still be saved."

Sunny pursed his lips. The Dream Realm was already a dead world, with only Nightmare Creatures populating its hellish expanse. And now, the Spell had even infected Earth with the same plague that had destroyed it, forcibly pulling more humans there… in an attempt to do what?

He sighed. "How exactly are we supposed to save the future? We can't even save ourselves."

The old woman shook her head. "That is for you to know, my Lord. Although I am a caretaker of the Nightmare Spell, I am not a person it was meant for. All I can do… is help those chosen, like you… brave the thorny path. As much as I can, with what little power I have."

She smiled.

"Even if it's just for a short while. That is enough for me."

Sunny remained motionless for a few moments, then rubbed his face.

'Well, isn't that convenient…'

**********


                                Chapter 1296 Doom War
--------------------
Sunny was not sure that he was buying what Ananke believed… but at the same time, he couldn't completely discard it. 'Damn Weaver…'

Just why did the creator of the Spell have to be a nebulous and elusive creature — not only surrounded in mystery, but also obsessed with lies? Could there be anyone more untrustworthy? Even though Sunny had inherited Weaver's forbidden Lineage, wore Weaver's Mask, and had a high affinity to fate, which was Weaver's Domain… he still knew close to nothing about the Demon of Fate.

Where had Weaver come from? Who hid behind the fearsome black mask? What motives had guided them? What goals had they pursued?

He shook his head with resignation and looked at Ananke, frowning.

'Whatever. If I can't learn about Weaver, I should at least learn everything else.'

Sunny collected his thoughts before asking the next question. "Grandmother, you said that the purpose of the Nightmare Spell is to save the future from the doom of the great war between the daemons and the gods. To be honest… I am not entirely sure what that really means. What exactly is that doom? What made the war so terrible?"

The old woman gazed at the flowing expanse of the Great River, lingered for a moment, and sighed. "It was indeed terrible. Of course, I have not experienced the horror of those days myself. What I do know was passed down to me from my elders, who had… granted, they escaped the war before the end came, so even they didn't know how and why the true devastation happened."

She paused to catch her breath, then continued in her creaky voice:

"No one really knows what resentment pushed the daemons to rise against the gods. It happened soon after the Demon of Desire escaped her chains. The youngest among them, the Demon of Destiny, called upon his siblings to wage war against the heavens… five answered his call, and only the Demon of Fate refused."

Ananke moved the steering oar a little, her frail hand as dark as the polished wood. "Many blamed the daemons for everything terrible that happened. But, truly, things weren't going well long before their rebellion. Most of the gods had grown… distant, and people quarrelled with each other, forgetting the days when everything stood Her cloudy eyes were distant, as if the old woman was imagining the wide world that she had never seen or known. She slowly shook her head. together against the Corruption. Humans fought against humans, and against other noble creatures. Followers of War burned the temples of Shadow, and their empire spread, consuming many weaker realms." Her cloudy eyes were distant, as if the old woman was imagining the wide world that she had never seen or known. She slowly shook her head. "So, maybe, the great war was merely the result, and not the cause of the end. In any case, the six Demons assembled vast armies and led them against the gods. What was different about that war… was that they were not immediately defeated. After all, there were many lesser deities, but none of them were as feared as the daemons — let alone if six of them united. Others joined their cause, and even the great gods couldn't defeat such an enemy with ease."

The old woman trembled.

"The war was furious and merciless. Many realms had become battlefields and were devoured by flames. But… the worst was still to come. Because instead of coming to a conclusion, the war only continued to grow fiercer. Those loyal to the gods took up arms, and in response, the Demons recruited more allies — mortal champions who had suffered the tyranny of the Empire, ancient creatures that had been banished into the darkest corners of the Underworld, and everyone else who bore deep grudges against the divine… even the harrowing nephilim. Utter madness was unleashed, and soon, there was no place untouched by the war. Everywhere turned into the battlefield."

Ananke glanced at the flowing waters of the Great River and remained silent for a while. Eventually, she said:

"Nowhere was safe. The forests burned, the fields turned to deserts, the rivers dried up. A passing blow from the fighting deities could destroy entire cities. Over time, countless humans were displaced or lost their lives. That was when we started calling it the Doom War, believing that it would become the end of everything… it was also when Weaver created the Nightmare Spell, and gifted it to us mortals."

Sunny suddenly remembered the Forgotten Shore, and the ruin that had befallen that land when the shining figure fell from the sky. Was that radiant creature one of the soldiers in the dreadful war between the six daemons and the six gods? Was it, perhaps, one of the nephilim?

Or… an actual angel?

If what had happened on the Forgotten Shore was happening all across the Dream Realm, then it was no surprise that the ancient humans there saw it as the end of the world. Ananke sighed. "Weaver offered us a path to salvation, but… back then, the Demon of Fate was despised by all — the followers of the gods, the followers of the daemons, and even those who did not want anything to do with the war. We, the priests of the Nightmare Spell, were despised as well. Few listened to us… still, some did. The Nightmare Spell was alluring, after all, even in its infant state."

Sunny tilted his head. "...Alluring?"

The old woman nodded. "Of course! It gave its carriers so many abilities. The ability to possess Memories and Echoes, the ability to instantly be able to enter your Soul Sea, awaken your Aspect, be guided on the path of Ascension… the Nightmare Spell promised people who desperately wished for power means to defend themselves."

'Huh…'

So, Weaver was not only the most insidious Demon, but also a devious salesman. The Nightmare Spell was packed with all kinds of boons that desperate people would find irresistible — boons that the humans of the waking world took for granted, since they had nothing to compare them to. No wonder the Spell spread like a plague despite the contemptible reputation of its creator.

"So, what happened then?"

Ananke lingered for a moment. "The priests of the Nightmare Spell helped it spread, trying their best to bestow its gifts on new carriers. That… was when my elders entered the Tomb of Ariel. We never learned what happened after we left. The war must have turned even more harrowing, somehow, and neither side emerged victorious. Instead, everyone was destroyed. Even the gods perished."

She hesitated.

"...I heard that more Outsiders appeared after the voices of the gods grew silent. Maybe they brought news to the Tomb of Ariel. But by then, we were already chased far upstream, so we never met them." The old woman's voice grew wistful as she said:

"By now, most of them must have been consumed by the Defilement. My Lord… perhaps you can learn more if you speak to Dusk of Fallen Grace. She is one of the sybils, after all. She must know more than a humble exile like me does…"

**********


                                Chapter 1297 Where Nightmares Come From
--------------------
Sunny remained silent for a while, thinking…

There was a lot to think about. Although Neph's eyes were closed, he could tell that she was thoughtful, as well. The history of the Dream Realm, which they could only guess before, was revealed in front of them with stark clarity. Of course, Ananke had not witnessed all these events herself. But the tales she relayed were passed down to her from people who actually had. 'No wonder…'

No wonder Mordret had told him that the knowledge and experience Awakened brought back from their Nightmares were perhaps more important than the power and Abilities they gained. And that Legacy clans, especially those ruled by the Sovereigns, were very particular about which Seeds their scions challenged. Both Valor and Song must have accumulated a great deal of knowledge… however, that knowledge was not something just anyone could access. Even Nephis, who had been adopted into the great clan, did not seem privy to most of their secrets yet. That was only natural. After all, knowledge was the origin of power.

…According to Weaver. And Anvil would not trust her with power until she had proven herself.

He lingered for a few moments, then looked to his right, where Ananke's mask still lay on the wooden deck. Stretching his hand, he picked it up and stared at the fearsome, demonic face. Sunny could not glimpse anything about the mask. He did not even know whether it was a Memory or a simple piece of carved wood. Glancing at Ananke, he pointed to the mask and asked:

"Is this a Divine Memory?"

She remained silent for a few moments, then slowly shook her head. "No, my Lord. This one is merely Sacred… a lesser facsimile of the true Mask of Weaver. It is a part of the ceremonial garb that we, priests and priestesses of the Nightmare Spell, wear — both to escape the gaze of our pursuers and to follow in the footsteps of our benefactor, the Demon of Fate. The more accomplished a priest was, the higher rank Memory they would be bestowed."

Ananke looked away with a faint smile. "My mother, whom I inherited this Memory from, was one of the few who received a mask of the Sacred Rank, which was the highest of honors. As for Divine Memories of the Mask of Weaver… I've never seen these holy relics. There were only ever two of them, entrusted personally to the first two who were chosen by the Demon of Fate — the High Priest and the High Priestess of the Nightmare Spell."

Sunny studied the surface of the mask some more. After a short stretch of silence, he followed his whim and asked:

"Does it have the [Where is my eye?] enchantment?"

He was curious if Ananke, as the Priestess of the Spell, could teach him how to gaze at the tapestry of fate without dying. The old woman looked at him with a surprised expression. "Where is my eye? No… no, it doesn't. But… if I may be so bold as to ask, how do you know the name of that enchantment, my Lord? This Sacred Memory of mine only possesses two. It was only the two holy Masks that possessed a third — and even then, very few ever learned about it."

Sunny hesitated for a long time, then sighed and summoned Weaver's Mask. Soon, a fearsome mask of polished black wood appeared in his left hand, identical to the one he was holding in his right. Ananke's eyes widened slightly.

"M—my Lord… is that?"

He nodded. "Yes. Ah… before you start assuming things, I am not a Priest of the Nightmare Spell, nor am I a chosen of the Demon of Fate. It's just that I found this thing a few years ago in a godforsaken pit of a cursed city. I've been stumbling on various traces of Weaver while traveling the Dream Realm, so… I guess I am curious about him. Or her. Or whatever Weaver was."

Sunny considered telling her about Blood Weave and the phalanx of the daemon in question, which he had swallowed in the Ebony Tower, but decided against it. He didn't want to give the old woman a heart attack, or put strange thoughts in her head. Her reverent attitude was already rather uncomfortable.

Ananke remained silent for a few moments, looking at the mask — and Sunny — with that same reverence. Then, she sighed softly. "My Lord… was this Memory helpful to you on your journey?"

He raised an eyebrow. "Helpful? Well… I guess it was. It saved my life a few times. Ah, but it also almost killed me a few times. In any case, I probably wouldn't be standing here without it." The old woman smiled. "...Then it was fate that guided you to it, and me to you. By Weaver's grace."

Sunny looked at her somberly. He didn't like being reminded of just how helpless he was against fate. Neither did he like the idea of being a marionette for a long-dead daemon. But he couldn't really dispute what Ananke had said. First, because it was pointless to argue faith with logic. Second… because he wasn't sure that his logic was sound. Who was to say that the damned Demon of Fate had not really arranged for various things to happen in the distant future?

'This is… distressing.'

He let out a heavy sigh, then dismissed his Weaver's Mask and put the other one on the bench near Ananke. "You shouldn't leave it lying on the deck. It is a gift from your mother, after all."

The old woman gently took the wooden mask and placed it on her lap.

"Thank you, my Lord. You are wise."

Sunny furtively glanced at her and hid a smile.

'Ha! I got one, too.'

Then, he looked at the beautiful vista of the Great River and said:

"So, when your elders entered the Tomb of Ariel, most of the priesthood of the Nightmare Spell remained outside, splintered in order to convert more carriers during the Doom War?"

Ananke simply nodded. "Yes." She seemed down, so Sunny suddenly wanted to encourage her. He thought for a few moments, and then shrugged. "Well, they've done a great job. The Nightmare Spell outlived both the daemons and the gods. In the future, it is nearly all-powerful. Ah, by the way… you said that it was very alluring to people even at the start. But what about the price? Weren't they afraid of dying in the Nightmares?"

The old woman looked at him with a hint of confusion. "Nightmares, my Lord? What do you mean? Why would people be afraid of dying in their dreams?"

At that moment, Nephis opened her eyes and turned her head, looking at Ananke silently. Sunny turned, too, his gaze becoming sharp.

'Does she not know what a Nightmare is?'

He lingered for a moment, then asked:

"Did the Spell not put people through trials, way back then?"

Ananke touched her white hair, then shook her head.

"Trials? No… I've never heard of anything like that."

Sunny blinked a couple of times. 'Now, that's new… why would Nightmares only exist in our time? That doesn't make any sense.'

Nephis seemed to share his thoughts. She remained silent for a moment, then suddenly leaned forward and asked:

"Grandmother… I have a question, then. Where exactly does the "nightmare" in the Nightmare Spell come from?"

Sunny blinked.

'What a strange question.'

The old woman stared at them in bewilderment. After a while, she said:

"That is what Weaver named it. The Demon of Fate must have had a reason, but it is not for us to know what that reason was. The Nightmare Spell… it is just what it has always been called."

Sunny and Nephis glanced at each other. The Spell was always very particular with its words, and Weaver must have been the same. There was no way that the grand creation of the nebulous daemon had been named without much thought. But what was the meaning of that name?

Neither of them knew, and Ananke didn't seem to know either. 'Damn Weaver...'

**********


                                Chapter 1298 Noble Cause
--------------------
Sunny left the old woman alone and returned to where Nephis was resting, full of thought. He had not received all the answers he wanted from Ananke, but at the same time, he learned a lot... maybe even too much.

'Ah, I don't know.'

There was too much information, all of it fragmented, ambiguous, and confusing. Not only that, but he was not even sure that it could be trusted.

In any case, many mysteries he had never hoped to solve were resolved now. Like the destruction of the Forgotten Shore - it had become collateral damage in the war between the daemons and the gods. Or the identity of the nameless prisoner of the ruined cathedral - it was one of the first two apostles chosen by Weaver to tend to and spread the Nightmare Spell... whoever these apostles had been.

Sunny even had more context for why the followers of War God had been destroying the temples of Shadow God in his First Nightmare, and what empire Auro of the Nine was a soldier of.

Still... he had even more questions now.

Like always.

'...My head hurts.'

He was saying these words a lot in this Nightmare.

Sunny sighed, then looked at Nephis.

"What do you think?"

With how obsessed she was with destroying the Spell, the revelations about its origin and presumed purpose had to have shaken her... and maybe even her conviction.

But Nephis simply shrugged.

"Makes sense."

He raised an eyebrow.

"Huh?"

She looked at him and remained silent for a moment.

"That the Nightmare Spell has a purpose, and that its purpose is tied somehow to the destruction of the Dream Realm. However, that doesn't change anything."

Sunny leaned back and studied her calm face. She seemed as composed as ever.

"So, knowing that doesn't change anything for you?"

Nephis looked at the sky.

"Why would it? It is still hateful. It is still the cause of indescribable misery... that of countless people, and my own. Salvation? Future? To me, it sounds like the Spell was designed to destroy countless futures for the sake of a future that Weaver envisioned, and fuel it with the lives of those like us, who have never asked to be a part of Weaver's schemes."

Sunny frowned, then glanced at the frail figure of Ananke. Luckily, it didn't seem like she had heard them.

Nephis gritted her teeth.

"If a burglar comes into your home, kills your family, and takes everything you have from you... does it really matter if the burglar intends to use the spoils for a noble cause? Would you hate him less?"

Sunny sighed.

...He could see her point, too.

"I guess it depends."

Nephis looked at him darkly.

"Depends? On what?"

He lingered for a few moments, collecting his thoughts.

"On the nature of the relationship between the Dream Realm and our world. How separate are they, exactly? Would Corruption have spread to the waking world eventually, even without the Spell, or not? Things like that. Ah, sorry... I seem to have lost track of the metaphor."

She stared at him for a while, then turned away with a scowl.

Sunny winced. His argument was reasonable... but humans weren't. That included him, as well.

If someone murdered Rain to save an entire neighborhood, he would have hated them all the same.

He did not say anything else, looking somberly at the Great River. Eventually, it was Nephis who broke the silence. Her voice was even:

"I am curious about something else, though."

Sunny glanced at her and raised an eyebrow.

"What?"

She frowned slightly.

"What happened after Ananke's elders entered the Tomb of Ariel and lost contact with the outside world? How did the war escalate even further? What could have happened to cause both sides to be destroyed?"

Neph's eyes glinted with white radiance.

"And what role did the Spell play in the conclusion of the war? How has it grown to its current state?"

Sunny felt a sudden chill as he remembered the description of Bone Weave...

[...despised and hunted by both sides, Weaver disappeared. No one knew where Weaver went and what they did... until it was too late.]

With white light burning in her eyes, Nephis looked at him and asked:

"Did you ever think that, maybe, the Nightmare Spell is not only responsible for the devastation of our world, but also for the destruction of the Dream Realm?"

He remained silent for a while, his expression troubled.

Then, Sunny rolled his eyes.

"Damn it, Neph. You do remember what Flaw I have, right? Please don't subject me to avalanches of questions like that. To answer all of them... I don't know, I have no idea, I have no clue, there's no way to tell..."

Nephis blinked a couple of times, then opened her eyes wide and covered her mouth with a hand.

"Oh! S-sorry..."

Sunny continued nonchalantly:

"...that is a mystery to me, who knows? And yes, I did consider it before. There, all done."

In the awkward silence that followed, he smiled and said:

"Anyway. All this talking made me hungry. Let's eat..."

***

Sunny felt spoiled eating Ananke's home-cooked food, so much so that the weight he had lost on the dark island was slowly returning.

The old woman herself still ate like a bird, but she seemed to be in a better state than before. Her hands were shaking less, and she remained lucid for longer periods of time before having to rest.

The ketch continued to move downstream, devouring distance with great speed. Nothing had attacked them yet - perhaps because they had left the most dangerous region of the Great River, perhaps because Ananke knew how to navigate the flowing waters to avoid danger.

It was probably both.

The day came to an end, followed by a peaceful night.

Sunny spent most of that time quietly working on mastering the fourth step of Shadow Dance. The dire enlightenment he had gained in the battle against the Azure Serpent was steadily leading him to success.

In the morning, they enjoyed a scrumptious breakfast, and then... nothing changed.

The journey continued, and the waters of the Great River remained the same.

The old ketch continued to travel into the past.

**********


                                Chapter 1299 Nameless Things
--------------------
A few more days passed in blissful idleness. Sunny continued concentrating on Shadow Dance, not ready yet to learn more from Ananke - the information she had shared with them was already vexing enough, and he was struggling to parse through all of its many implications. He also resumed his habit of studying the weave of the Estuary Key, even though it still remained a complete mystery to him.

After hesitating for a while, Sunny turned to the old woman for help, but there was no result. Although she was a priestess of the Nightmare Spell and a follower of the Demon of Fate, she was not a weaver herself. Sunny knew more about Weaver's sorcery than Ananke did.

...Which was not to say that she did not know anything about sorcery at all.

After spending several days in the ketch, Sunny and Nephis noticed two strange things about the swift vessel and its owner.

The first one concerned the ketch itself. Its sails were always full of wind, pushing the boat across the shining surface of the Great River with enviable speed. Which was not too strange in and of itself, if not for the fact that this speed was too constant and stable. It also did not seem as though the direction and strength of the wind ever changed - or rather, they never changed around the ketch.

They did, however, change some distance away from it, creating an eerie situation where the waters where the wooden sailboat passed were different from the rest of the world.

Not only that, but Ananke also never manipulated the sales in any way to help them catch the wind.

And nothing ever attacked them.

Both Sunny and Nephis knew, of course, that the ketch was not a mundane boat. It was obviously enchanted in some way, they just did not know how. There were no runes carved into its surface and no sophisticated runic patterns like on the Chain Breaker. There was no spellweave hidden within the old wood either.

Eventually, they were defeated by curiosity and asked Ananke directly.

That was how Sunny learned that, while the old woman was not a weaver, she was still a sorceress. However, the sorcery she used did not belong to the Demon of Fate, nor was it the runic sorcery created by Hope.

Instead, it was the ancient sorcery upon which Hope's runic magic was based - the sorcery of Names.

Noticing their bewilderment, the old woman chuckled.

"My Lord and Lady... don't look too surprised. I am not some kind of powerful Shaper. I was just taught a few simple Names and Phrases by my mother, enough to sail the Great River and provide for myself."

Sunny and Nephis were still stunned. It was not every day that they met a practitioner of an entirely new system of sorcery.

In fact, Sunny had only ever met two sorcerers... himself and Noctis. Noctis had known a great deal about True Names of things and how to invoke them, but his was a more sophisticated kind of magic, which relied on inscribing the Names with runes instead of speaking them directly.

Nephis had met a few more, considering that she was acquainted with the forgemasters of Clan Valor. She had told him that the members of the Valor family often received Aspects tied to crafting, which was how they were able to create powerful Memories. However, the family had accumulated plenty of knowledge of runic sorcery, as well.

The cage that Sunny and Cassie had almost died in during their imprisonment in the Night Temple was proof.

Ananke tilted her head curiously.

"Are there no Shapers in the future? Well... makes sense. We were a dying breed even before the war. And with the gifts of the Nightmare Spell, no one would need to seek power in such an antiquated and obsolete art."

She lingered for a few moments, and then pointed to the sails.

"It is rather simple, really. I just invoked the Name of the wind, the Name of moving forward across water, and the name of the sail, then put them together into a Verse. I also used the Name of concealment and the Name of being hidden from predators. Of course, most of that was only possible because this old ketch of mine is imbued with a True Name of its own, which served as an anchor for the entire Verse."

Ananke sighed.

"It is also most of my repertoire. True Names... were never meant to be spoken by mortals. So, one has to possess innate talent in order to master even the easiest of them. My talent is not too good."

Sunny looked at her intently and asked:

"Is it very important for the ketch to have a True Name of its own?"

The old woman nodded with a smile.

"Of course. Without a True Name, a thing does not have... pull. It is tenuous and slippery, so sorcery can't stick to it that well. Oh, at least that was how it was explained to me when I was a child. A nameless thing won't be influenced as much, but it will also be unable to exert much influence in turn... that is a rule that goes beyond sorcery, as well."

Sunny grew silent, contemplating her words. Ananke, meanwhile, looked at them with a strangely wistful emotion in her cloudy eyes.

"...Actually, I was going to teach you how to control the ketch, my Lord and Lady. If you are willing, of course... since even I was able to master these few Names, at least one of you will surely succeed."

Sunny and Nephis glanced at each other. Her expression was thoughtful, while his was full of greed.

'Ah, damn it...'

He was burning with curiosity and insatiable avarice. Learn a few sorcerous words? Of course, he was willing!

However, Sunny had to reluctantly pull himself back. He would indeed love to learn a tiny bit of the Word sorcery, but his resources were already spread thin. Apart from Shadow Dance, he also had to study weaving. His combat skills and Aspect powers all required attention, too. Becoming distracted by a shiny new toy was only going to slow down his progress.

Plus, if Nephis learned these Names from Ananke, he could always ask her to teach him in the future.

Sunny sighed, then forced himself to say:

"...I'll decline, for now."

His heart was in pain.

Nephis looked at him silently, then turned to Ananke and bowed slightly.

"Please teach me, Grandmother."

The old woman nodded with satisfaction.

"It will be an honor, my Lady."

And that was how the first strange thing they noticed was resolved.

The second, though...

The second had to do with Ananke herself.

It seemed that the further downstream they traveled, the more the old woman changed.

**********


                                Chapter 1300 Riverborn
--------------------
When Sunny and Nephis first met Ananke, both were concerned about the frail old woman. She just looked too ancient and weak, ready to snap like a twig. Her tan skin was thin and transparent like oil paper, her cloudy eyes teary and dull, her gaunt figure so small that it seemed to be drowning in the black folds of her dark mantle.

They were not sure that the old woman could survive another peaceful day, let alone a long and perilous journey across the Great River.

However, as the days went by, their worries were proven wrong. Old Ananke continued to cling to life... in fact, her condition seemed to be improving little by little. She had more energy now, could remain fully lucid for longer periods of time, and even regained some of her appetite.

At first, Sunny thought that it was simply the result of finally having hope again after waiting for the two of them for gods knew how long, as well as eating better. But as more time passed, the difference became too obvious to be explained by mere inspiration.

Ananke... was definitely changing.

Her hands gradually stopped shaking, and her grip on the steering oar became firmer. Her cloudy eyes regained some of their former sharpness. She wasn't hunching as much anymore, and her voice was not as weak and creaky as before.

She did not grow tired as quickly as she had at the start, and the long periods of silence where she seemed to doze off with her eyes open happened less and less frequently, until ceasing altogether.

It was as though Ananke was slowly growing younger.

Sunny had to admit that he was not just imagining things when he opened his eyes one day to notice that there were suddenly a few black strands in her long, snow-white hair.

'What is going on?'

He looked at Ananke for a few moments, then lowered his gaze to the powerful current of the Great River. Which flowed into the past...

Nephis, who had been practicing the Names the old woman taught her - to no result, for now - noticed that he was awake and carefully pulled on the sleeve of his tunic. Then, she silently glanced at Ananke and back.

Sunny hesitated for a moment.

'Me? Why do I have to ask? Asking a woman about her age, does she think I like courting death?!'

Well, to be honest... his track record indeed suggested that he did.

He sighed, threw an indignant glance at Nephis, and approached the old woman while secretly studying her face and thin frame. There was no denying it - Ananke looked much more hale than she had before. She could not be called young by any means, still, but neither could she be called decrepit or ancient.

Sunny lingered for a second or two, then asked politely:

"Grandmother... can I ask you something?"

The old woman smiled at him kindly.

"Of course, my Lord."

'Now what am I supposed to say?'

Sunny took a deep breath, then just came clean with it.

"It might sound weird, but... are you, by any chance... getting younger?"

Ananke looked at him with a startled expression.

Sunny coughed in embarrassment.

"I'm sorry, it's just that... I noticed that you look better... ah, I don't mean that you didn't look well before..."

The old woman suddenly chuckled.

"No, no. It is me who needs to apologize, my Lord. I just... have never met someone entirely from outside the Tomb of Ariel before. That is why it is not easy for me to account for the fact that you might not know some things that are common sense here."

She shook her head, and then said gently:

"Yes, this body of mine is indeed getting younger. It is because we are moving downstream."

Sunny and Nephis looked at each other, perplexed. After a few moments of silence, he furtively studied her slender figure, while she openly studied his.

Eventually, Nephis said:

"But... it doesn't seem like Sunny and I changed?"

Wouldn't they have become toddlers by now?

Ananke nodded, her expression slightly sad.

"Of course not. It is because you are Outsiders, while I am Riverborn. The Outsiders are not beholden to the flow of the Great River, since they have come from outside it. They are free to roam it as they wish, traveling any distance. That is why they are also called Pilgrims."

She smiled.

"But we, Riverborn, are different. Since we were born inside the Tomb of Ariel, we are beholden to the flow of time within it. We can only travel as far as our lifespans allow... and even then, the only direction that is allowed to us is upstream. We are chained to the stretch of the Great River where we come from."

Sunny looked at her in bewilderment, struggling to imagine what such a life would look like.

"Wait, wait... how does it even work?"

At the same time, Nephis asked:

"So, you grow older when you move upstream, and grow younger when you move downstream? That is... in relation to the place where you were born?"

Ananke looked between the two of them helplessly, then finally decided to answer Neph's question first and nodded.

"Indeed."

Sunny blinked a couple of times, then suddenly opened his eyes wide.

"Wait, does that mean that as long as you stay in place, you are... immortal?"

Ananke sighed softly.

"Our bodies will not age, my Lord. That is not the same as being immortal."

She looked at the sparkling expanse of the Great River wistfully.

"...Actually, we Riverborn don't usually live that long. At least not in Weave. Life here is full of hardship, and the waters are dangerous. Since we live close to the desolate future, there are many Corrupted coming from upstream... all of them immune to the flow of time. Things were fine when we had many Outsiders among us - our elders - but as their number dwindled, it grew harder and harder to provide for ourselves and defend the city."

The old woman's face grew dark.

"After all, it is not easy to fight an enemy that can attack and retreat freely while you lack the ability to pursue it. Still... we managed. Life in Weave might not have been easy or opulent, but it was blissful. At least mine was."

Ananke fell silent, a faint smile on her lips.

'Now wait a minute...'

Sunny tilted his head and, unable to control himself, blurted out:

"Then, Grandmother... no, Ananke... how old are you, really?"

'Ah! What am I doing!'

The old woman looked at him and chuckled.

"Me? Actually... among the River People, I am considered to be quite a young woman."

He froze.

Nephis froze, too.

"Y-young?"

Ananke nodded earnestly.

"Of course! I am barely two hundred years old..."

**********

