Shadow Slave - PART 160
Chapters 1591 to 1600
==============================


                                Chapter 1591 Years Later
--------------------
1591 Years Later

There was a rustle, and a gentle breeze caressed Sunny's face. He awoke slowly, allowing himself to enjoy the sweet moments of comfort and peace that dwelled on the edge between dream and wakefulness. His bed was soft, warm, and cozy… today, it was especially hard to abandon its familiar embrace.

After a while, he sighed and opened his eyes.

The sun was yet to rise, but the sky outside his window had already started to brighten. The wind blowing from the lake made the curtains flutter, filling the modest bedroom with the delightful smell of freshness. Even after all these years, Sunny was still sometimes startled at how clean and pure the air of the Dream Realm was.

He took a few deep breaths, rubbed his face, and rose from the bed.

His room was not very large and not very luxurious. However, it was very cozy. There was a bed, a nightstand, a case with various books crowding the shelves, a writing desk, and a simple dresser. The furniture was made out of natural wood, crafted with affection and care. There were a few decorations added here and there, as well as plenty of signs of the room being well lived-in.

Well, of course it was. He had been spending his nights here for a long time, after all.

Putting on simple clothes and summoning the Nebulous Mantle, Sunny yawned, tied his hair back, and left the bedroom. He splashed some water in his face, then went to the kitchen and brewed himself a large cup of strong, fragrant coffee.

Finally, holding the steaming mug, he left the house and sat down on the porch, intending to enjoy his coffee while watching the sun rise.

It was rather hard to get his hands on coffee beans in the Dream Realm, but today, Sunny wanted to pamper himself. It was his birthday, after all.

He was turning twenty-six.

…Of course, no one in the world knew that.

Taking the first sip of his coffee, Sunny smiled slightly and looked up. A few of the brightest stars could still be seen, shining in the pale lavender expanse of the morning sky. Just at that moment, the gentle sun finally crested the dark line of the distant horizon, imbuing the sky with a beautiful golden radiance. The soft twilight of dawn was imbued with a hint of bright daylight.

He watched the sun rise while enjoying his coffee.

Despite the beautiful sight, Sunny felt a bit of melancholy. He looked down with a wistful smile.

'...I am older than mom was when she passed now.'

It was a strange feeling. When Sunny was a child, his mother was the definition of an adult to him, and adults were magical creatures who possessed wondrous and incredible powers. But now, he was an adult himself, which was why he was able to realize… that his mother had been a kid herself.

She was gone, but both her children were alive and doing well. There was precious solace and consolation in that fact, so Sunny did not feel too sad.

Well, alive was a given, but he wasn't too sure about doing well. During these last four years, he had gone through a long rough patch… and had even done a few very stupid things. Still, it was looking better now.

This peaceful morning he was able to enjoy was proof.

Sipping on coffee, Sunny watched as sunlight finally reached the lake and reflected on its clear surface. The lake was vast and picturesque, so calm that its surface was like a mirror.

A grandiose, magnificent white castle rose from the lake, with vermilion flags fluttering on its many towers. It almost seemed too beautiful to be real, like something from a fairy tale. But, of course, it was truly there.

The beautiful castle of white stone was Bastion, the Great Citadel of Clan Valor, where the King of Swords held his court. It was also the heart of a populous city that had grown around the lake in the last four years.

After the Sovereigns had revealed themselves, most of the remaining civilian population of the Southern Quadrant — around two hundred million people — was evacuated directly to the Dream Realm, divided between Bastion and Ravenheart, and gradually funneled into lesser Citadels. Later, the Dream Gates were opened in the other Quadrants, and even more mundane people received a chance to relocate into the Dream Realm.

Even if few understood the true meaning of these events, the gradual exodus of humanity from the waking world had already begun. For now, most of those who left were from the fringes of society — people who did not possess citizenship, and therefore did not receive their share of the scarce resources needed to live a proper life on the dying Earth.

But Sunny knew more than most. He had no doubt that, sooner or later, everyone would leave… if they were given enough time. As the years passed, the situation in the waking world would gradually turn worse and worse. There would be more Nightmare Gates, more powerful Nightmare Creatures, and less space for humans to exist. Until the entire world was swallowed by the Dream Realm.

Granted… humanity was growing stronger, too.

The Chain of Nightmares had been like a turning point in history. Before, the number of Awakened in the world was relatively limited… there were a hundred thousand Awakened or so, a few hundred Masters, and a few dozen Saints.

After Antarctica, these numbers changed. By now, there must have been no less than a million Awakened out there, with several thousands of Masters and more than a hundred Saints guiding them all to fight against the Nightmare Creatures. The balance of power that had been maintained for decades was finally broken, and humanity set out on the path of no return.

There were hundreds of millions of mundane humans residing in the Dream Realm, too. Many lived in the sprawling cities surrounding the three Great Citadels, but most had settled across the lesser Citadels scattered around the human-controlled regions of this dangerous world. Dozens of towns had popped up here and there, all developing swiftly.

Of course, life in the Dream Realm was not easy, and people had to go through a period of adjustment before becoming accustomed to this new, harsh reality. But since most of them were either refugees or from the outskirts of the overcrowded siege capitals, they were no strangers to discomfort. Instead, the lives of many had only improved after leaving the waking world behind.

They could not return, anyway. Or rather, they could not return without risking their lives. The moment a mundane human entered the Dream Realm, a Seed of Nightmare was planted into their soul. However, that seed would not bloom, summoning them into the First Nightmare, unless one of two conditions had been met. One of the conditions was stepping back into the waking world.

The other was leaving the territory of the Domain to which they had pledged their loyalty. As long as the Sovereigns willed it, their mundane subjects were protected from the ravages of the Nightmare Spell.

This was another reason why the number of Awakened had increased so much in the last four years. Those who wished to challenge the First Nightmare could simply request it from the great clans instead of waiting to be infected by the Spell. Many of them even survived.

Sunny took another sip of coffee and turned his head, looking at the lively city that had grown around the beautiful, calm lake.

Of course, it could not be compared to a vast human hive like NQSC. However, there was still a startling amount of people here, at least a dozen million of them or so. Another million or two lived in the castle itself.

Building a city like that in a short amount of time was a great undertaking, but with thousands of Awakened participating in the construction, all possessing inhuman strength and powerful Aspects, it happened surprisingly quickly. Now, the city looked neat and tidy, with two- or three-storied houses lined along lovely streets.

The houses were built from white stone, their roofs covered by colorful red tiles. There was plenty of trees and greenery, as well, with parks, gardens, and water features placed harmoniously here and there.

Modern technology might have been hard to use in the Dream Realm, but nothing prevented the city planners and architects from using the vast accumulated knowledge of humanity and all the processing power of the waking world to do all the preparatory work in advance.

In short, Bastion looked very pretty and picturesque. It was also usually quite lively.

This early in the morning, however, most people were still asleep, which was why Sunny was able to enjoy his coffee surrounded by peaceful silence.

…Oh, he owned a house in Bastion as well. More than that, it was a house many would be jealous of.

Although not as prestigious as being able to live in the castle itself, his property was on the very shore of the lake, with its back windows opening straight to the water.

It was an elegant one-story cottage, which was seemingly built from brown bricks, with a sloping tiled roof and a tall chimney. There was a small garden in the back and a neat lawn in front of it, with herbs and flowers growing in ceramic pots.

Since it was situated at the end of the street, few people ever passed by.

If they did pass by, however, they would have seen a modest sign hanging above the door of the cottage.

It read:

"Sunny's Brilliant Emporium: Café & Memory Boutique"

**********


                                Chapter 1592 Humble Shopkeeper
--------------------
1592 Humble Shopkeeper

As the city was slowly waking up, Sunny finished his coffee and leaned back, enjoying his last moments of peace. He did not have a lot of regular customers, but there were some. They were probably going to start arriving soon, which meant that he would be busy for the next few hours.

Before that, however…

He glanced at his shadow, his gaze becoming distant for a moment.

Then, a familiar voice whispered into his ear:

[You have slain a Great Demon.]

[Your shadow grows stronger.]

It was his own voice.

Sunny brushed his fingers across the black bracelet on his left wrist and slowly exhaled. The bracelet was a Memory he had created a while back… it was a crude knockoff of the Spell, replacing some of its simplest functions. Announcing his kills was one of them.

He shifted slightly.

'That… went better than expected.'

He had just killed a Great Demon.

Well, technically, it was his other self that had done it. His avatars were not beholden to the maximum range of Shadow Control, so there was a vast distance between them.

Currently, Sunny was simultaneously in three separate locations. His original body was here in Bastion, enjoying a peaceful life in the company of the gloomy shadow — he had kept that guy so that people had no reason to ask why he was walking around without a shadow at all. His second self was incarnated by the happy shadow, keeping an eye on Rain. His last avatar was far away, in one of the most dangerous regions of the Dream Realm, incarnated by the haughty shadow.

Haughty, naughty, creepy, and crazy were together. Saint, Fiend, Serpent, and Nightmare were with them, as well. Unlike the first two, the third Sunny knew no peace. He wielded the most power of the three and spent his days in eternal darkness, often clashing with dreadful abominations.

Of course, the three of them were actually one person. So Sunny had been enjoying a peaceful morning in Bastion, accompanying Rain, and battling the Great Demon at the same time, all along.

But he had grown good at compartmentalizing over the years, allowing him to at least pretend to live three separate lives.

So that thing is finally dead, huh.

It had taken him almost a month of meticulous preparations to finally attack the abomination in its lair. Sunny had expected to sustain heavy injuries, but the battle ended well. With the demon's death, there was no one left to challenge him in the immediate vicinity of the temple…

Sunny lingered for a moment, then summoned the runes. A field of familiar symbols appeared in front of him… the runes themselves might have been the same, but they looked a bit differently. He had designed this whole thing himself, after all, tying the enchantment to his memory, perception, and the black bracelet. So, Sunny had taken liberties to change the look and feel of the field of runes to his taste.

The runes read:

Name: Sunless.

True Name: —

Rank: Transcendent.

Class: Terror.

Shadow Cores: [6/7].

Shadow Fragments: [1591/6000].

His True Name had been lost in the Tomb of Ariel, and he could not earn another while banished from fate. As for his shadow fragments… seeing the measly number, which had been very slow to increase in the past four years, made Sunny a bit disheartened. But there was nothing he could do about it.

He had slaughtered countless Nightmare Creatures after becoming a Saint. Their blood would have been enough to fill the lake surrounding Bastion… the problem was, his soul only grew stronger when he killed Corrupted and Great abominations, which were not that easy to find, and harder still to survive.

So, he had only managed to slay a mere thousand of those, or so. Of course, if anyone heard Sunny being disappointed about only killing a thousand Corrupted and Great Nightmare Creatures, they would have slapped him across the face. But for him, it was a sign that he would not be able to become a Titan anytime soon — unless he found some shadow creatures to hunt, at least.

Sadly, Sunny had not discovered any in all these years. It seemed that shadow creatures had gone entirely extinct during or soon after the Doom War. Come to think of it, discounting Fiend, he had never encountered a corrupted shadow creature. Were there none, or had they remained somewhere far away, in a place that he wasn't able to find yet?

Shaking his head, he glanced back at the runes.

Memories: [Silver Bell], [Puppeteer's Shroud], [Extraordinary Rock], [Endless Spring], [Weaver's Mask], [Shadow Lantern], [Shadow Chair], [Overpriced Saddle], [Weaver's Needle], [Nebulous Mantle], [Handy Bracelet], [Quintessence Pearl].

There was no surprise there. Sunny made his living by creating Memories, but strangely enough, he was not in a hurry to create many Memories for himself. He did not need to seek power in them, because he himself possessed tremendous power. With Onyx Mantle and Soul Serpent, most of his needs were met.

Which was not to say that Sunny did not plan to forge himself new equipment in the future. It was just that what he wanted to create was too ambitious to be crafted in a hurry, and he had only opened up his shop a year ago.

For now, the only Memories he crafted for himself was the [Quintessence Pearl], which was basically an improved version of the destroyed Essence Pearl, and the [Handy Bracelet] — the poor replacement for the Spell. He also modified Ananke's Mantle a bit, renaming it the Nebulous Mantle in the process.

The Quintessence Pearl and the Handy Bracelet were simply for convenience, but the last one was of vital importance for him. After all, it was the Nebulous Mantle that allowed him to live in Bastion, pretending to be a mere Master. If people found out that the humble shopkeeper was a Saint… things would become complicated.

Sunny turned back to the runes.

Echoes: —

Shadows: [Onyx Saint], [Soul Serpent], [Nightmare], [Shadow Fiend], [Marvelous Mimic].

The [Marvelous Mimic] was what Sunny had called the latest of his Shadows, which was created from the modified Covetous Coffer and the shadow of the Mordant Mimic. It was the only Shadow that he kept with himself in Bastion instead of sending it to his third avatar.

The reason was that he needed it. It was next to him right now, actually…

The unassuming brick cottage where his shop was located was, in fact, not a cottage. It was the Marvelous Mimic, who had taken the shape of a picturesque house. Its interior existed in a separate dimension, which allowed Sunny to hide a lot of things below ground.

His house could also walk, swim, shapeshift, devour intruders, and produce soul coins. Among other things.

Sunny had lost his home in NQSC after his existence was erased from the tapestry of fate, so he made sure that his new home would be able to follow him wherever he went.

Smiling faintly, he glanced back at the runes.

They read:

Attributes: [Lord of Shadows], [Flame of Divinity], [Blood Weave], [Bone Weave], [Soul Weave], [Onyx Shell], [Fateless].

The [Master of Shadows] had evolved into the [Lord of Shadows] during his Transcendence. Its description was succinct…

[Shadows recognize you as their ruler.]

With it, all his Abilities had been strengthened and enhanced. The range of his Shadow Control was now north of forty kilometers, and he could extend his shadow sense just as far. He could remain the form of an incorporeal shadow indefinitely, and cover great distances with each Shadow Step. The depths and intricacy of what he could manifest wild shadows into had also increased tremendously.

In short… it wouldn't be an exaggeration to call Sunny a demigod.

Or rather, to call his third avatar a demigod. This version of Sunny was just a modest Master with a Utility Aspect who ran a cafe and sold Memories from time to time. All people could call him was… harmless.

Speaking of running a cafe, the customers would be arriving soon.

Sunny smiled and took a last look at the runes.

Aspect: [Shadow Slave].

Aspect Rank: Divine.

Innate Ability: [Shadow Bond].

Master: —

Aspect Abilities: [Shadow Control], [Shadow Step], [Shadow Manifestation], [Shadow Incarnation].

Aspect Legacy: [Shadow Dance].

Flaw: [Clear Conscience].

There was another string at the very end of the field, as well. It read:

…Citadel: Nameless Temple.

Those words did not mean that Sunny was anchored in a Citadel called the Nameless Temple.

They meant that he owned it. It was his Citadel, which he had personally conquered and claimed.

That was where his third avatar was, and that was the reason he had to kill that Great Demon. After becoming the lord of a Citadel, Sunny also became rather territorial.

No Nightmare Creature was allowed to exist in the vicinity of his temple, because there was already an apex predator living there. Preparing for the moment when the Death Zone turned into…

Well, anyway. That was for his third avatar to worry about. This Sunny had nothing to do with it.

Dismissing the runes, he stood up and stretched.

It was time to open the shop.

**********


                                Chapter 1593 Pleasant Morning
--------------------
1593 Pleasant Morning

Before Sunny went inside, he lingered for a few moments and glanced at the magnificent castle one last time. Then, he slowly looked up.

Out there, high above the tallest tower of Bastion and slightly to the side, a beautiful island was hovering in the sky, bathed in the golden light of dawn. A great pagoda of pristine white stone rose from it, just as majestic as the colossal ancient fortress.

The Ivory Tower.

The wandering Citadel looked harmonious drifting above Bastion like a satellite. In recent years, its lady and her warriors had been sent to defend remote human enclaves on countless occasions, their fame and renown growing with each improbable victory.

The image of the immaculate white tower was slowly becoming a symbol of hope for those besieged by Nightmare Creatures in the Sword Domain.

Which was more than a little bit fitting.

Sunny looked at the Ivory Tower for a few moments, his expression remaining perfectly neutral. Then, he averted his eyes and sighed.

'She has been in Bastian for almost a month now. That is unusual... I thought Anvil would send her to some other godforsaken battlefield by now.'

With that, he went to enter the cottage. Before he could, however, there was a sound of unhurried steps approaching from further down the street.

Turning his head, Sunny saw a petite young woman with short dark hair walking over. She looked sleepy, covering a yawn with a small palm. Unlike most Awakened, the young woman stubbornly clung to wearing modern clothes. Her black slacks and white blouse, admittedly, did not stand out in the eclectic fashion of Bastion.

Here, one was just as likely to meet a person wearing a stylish business suit as a person clad in enchanted armor. The former was even more in vogue, considering that it took some effort to transport material possessions from the other side.

The young woman stopped and stared at him sullenly.

Hey, boss.

Sunny smiled.

Hey, Aiko. It's a wonderful morning, isn't it?

Her expression did not change, but her gaze turned even darker. A moment later, Aiko looked away and sighed bitterly.

I still don't understand why you insist on opening so early… the sun is not even up yet, for the love of gods…

Chuckling, Sunny opened the door.

He had found Aiko shortly after returning to civilization, which happened about a year ago. Back then, the young woman was barely making ends meet. According to her, her Memory shop went out of business because the main inventory supplier disappeared somewhere in Antarctica.

It was a curious thing.

Aiko seemed to remember that she had had a partner, and even that her partner had been responsible for providing the Memories for the shop. However, her memories were vague at best, and her attention seemed to wander away every time she tried to concentrate on who that partner had been, exactly. She would even forget trying to recollect the details, switching to thinking about something else.

That was how the world covered the glaring hole in existence where Sunny used to be. No one remembered that he had existed, and for events that were too important to be entirely forgotten, a vague and abstract substitute took his place.

Just some guy. An inconsequential stranger. A fleeting acquaintance. A comrade who had perished long ago, their face and voice erased from memory by the passage of time. People vaguely recognized that someone had been there, side by side with them, but as soon as they concentrated on these memories, their minds naturally wandered to other matters.

The same went for the material traces he had left in the world. There was that famous movie, for example… The Devil of Antarctica. It had been inspired by his actions during the Southern Campaign. People knew that the main character was based on a real person, but were incapable of thinking deeply about who that person was.

So, they just assumed that the main character was a representation of the collective heroism of countless soldiers who had perished in Antarctica.

Oh… Sunny was dead, officially. Not that anyone knew or remembered. Therefore, his citizenship status had been revoked, his accounts frozen, and his house in NQSC resold.

In short, not only had everyone forgotten him, but they were even incapable of becoming aware of having forgotten him.

His smile turned brittle.

…In any case, Aiko had been reluctant to pledge her allegiance to the Legacy Clans or the government. She had lost her job as Kai's manager when he enlisted, and the Brilliant Emporium was on the verge of going bankrupt. That was when Sunny found her and purchased the ownership of his own business back from her.

After all, although the countless Nightmare Creatures he had slaughtered while aimlessly wandering the Dream Realm had not given him a lot of shadow fragments, they had provided him with numerous soul shards. He was secretly an extremely wealthy person.

Since Sunny needed a capable manager to help him run the Emporium, he hired Aiko once again. Now, she was playing the role of his assistant… as well as, begrudgingly, assistant cook.

"Come on. The early risers will be here soon."

The two of them went to the spacious kitchen and started preparing for the day. Sunny was preparing the ingredients, while Aiko went over the books with a frown on her face.

"Boss, we are running low on most ingredients. You need to make a trip to the waking world soon."

"Boss, we are not making enough money. We only sold one Memory in the last two months! What even is the point of calling ourselves a Memory Boutique? Give me some funds for a marketing campaign, I'm begging you…"

"Boss, there will be a delivery from the Beast Farm later today. I still have bruises from dealing with them the last time… you do the honors!"

Listening to Aiko nagging, Sunny let out a sigh. Running a business wasn't easy.

Especially while dealing with crafted Memories and desperately trying to not attract Clan Valor's attention.

As he was almost done with the preparatory work, the first customer finally arrived.

It was a familiar face.

**********


                                Chapter 1594  Familiar Faces
--------------------
It was still very early in the morning, so the streets of Bastion were mostly empty. However, someone had already come to the Brilliant Emporium. As the door opened, a melodious sound spread through the interior of the Marvelous Mimic. There was a beautiful silver bell affixed above the door, its soft and pleasing ringing welcoming the entering customers.

Of course, it was the Sonorous Silver Bell. Sunny looked up from what he was doing, then wiped his hands on his apron and left the kitchen. There was an elderly gentleman standing at the door, dressed in a patchy enchanted robe. He had messy grey hair, absentminded eyes, and a pair of bushy eyebrows that seemed to have a life of their own.

Sunny suppressed a smile. "Awakened Julius. You are here early."

The old man looked at him and smiled politely.

"Ah, Master Sunless! Well, I am a night owl. Plus, you know what they say, the early bird gets the worm. Wait... I am mixing metaphors..." He hesitated for a moment, then coughed.

"Sorry. I seem to remember that you dislike birds. In any case, it is nice to see you on this pleasant morning."

Sunny nodded. "Likewise. The usual?"

As the old man assumed his favorite spot near the window, Sunny returned to the kitchen. There, he went about making coffee for his former teacher, while at the same time preparing a light breakfast. 'We are running low on coffee beans, indeed. I'll have to visit NQSC this week, won't I?'

While Brilliant Emporium could not contend with more prestigious restaurants in Bastion, hot beverages like coffee, tea, and hot chocolate were Sunny's selling point. That was because he exclusively used the pure water from the Endless Spring to brew them, which made each cup especially invigorating.

He ground the beans, poured the fragrant powder and a little sugar into a copper cezve, then sent a wisp of essence into the stove and placed the cezve on the fire. The stove had been created by him by reversing the enchantment of a long-destroyed charm of his, [Memory of Fire], which made kitchen work much easier.

When the ground coffee heated a little, he took the Endless Spring off the shelf, poured water into the cezve, and placed it back on the fire. Ideally, he should have been using a pan of heated sand instead of open fire, but, oh well… there were limits to how fancy Sunny was willing to be. While the coffee was brewing, he ignited a second flame and put a pan on it. Then, Sunny opened the icebox and took out a few eggs, butter, and a jar of milk…

The icebox had also been created and enchanted by him, in the best attempt to imitate the luxurious refrigerator he had greatly enjoyed owning in the past. In fact, it was more of a large cabinet than a box, made out of natural wood instead of synthwood. So, in a sense, it was even more luxurious. There was no ice inside, either. Instead, the enchantment was the reverse of another charm he had lost, [Memory of Ice]. There was a luminous enchantment, too, activated when the door of the cabinet was open. A third enchantment created a dedicated reserve of essence that powered the first two, so Sunny just had to replenish it once every few months. Breaking the eggs with one hand and putting butter on the pan with the other, Sunny mixed the eggs while slowly blending milk in and poured the resulting mass into the melted butter. He waited for the omelette to set, then effortlessly flipped and folded it, finally adding some mushrooms, vegetables, and ham. Well… monster ham, to be precise. Soon, a perfectly cooked omelette and a cup of fragrant coffee were ready. Putting them on a tray, Sunny glanced at Aiko, who was still going over the books, and left the kitchen once more. Placing the plate and the cup in front of Teacher Julius, he curiously glanced at the book the old man was reading. Its cover was hidden by a leather jacket, but he knew the title from a glance. It was The Exploration Report on the Tomb of Ariel, by: Nobody.

Sunny was the nobody in question, of course. Even though he had lost credit for his previous academic papers, it seemed like a shame to just leave all the knowledge he had accumulated in the Third Nightmare go to waste. So, even knowing that it would cause some problems, he published a research paper anonymously.

He kept the existence of the Plagues and everything he discovered in the Estuary to himself, though, concentrating on the unique culture of the River Civilization, and especially on the stories of Weave he had heard from Ananke, instead. Not only because there were some things that were better left unsaid, but also because some knowledge was simply too dangerous to share. There were very few people in the world who could withstand a mere mention of the Forgotten God, anyway, while many could be harmed by being exposed to it. However, even with these redacted parts, his report had caused a furor in academic circles. …It had caused a furor in some other circles, as well.

Namely, among the Great Clans. There were supposed to only be six people who had ventured into the Nightmare of the Tomb of Ariel, after all. And since none of them was the author of the report… then who the hell was? And how did that person know so much about the Great River? Needless to say, the existence of the Exploration Report, written by nobody, was under a lot of scrutiny. Which was why even a respected professor like Teacher Julius chose to hide its cover under a jacket and read it in the Dream Realm, as opposed to on his communicator in the waking world. When the old man smelled the delicious fragrance of coffee, he got distracted from his book and looked up.

"That smell! Ah, I've been looking forward to it all week."

Sunny smiled and pointed to the Exploration Report. "Are you reading that report again, Awakened Julius?"

The old man looked around and pressed a finger against his lips. "I am! But shhh! You know this amazing work is supposed to be banned, Master Sunless."

He picked up a fork and sighed dejectedly. "Such a travesty. The depth of knowledge and wisdom the author of this remarkable work possesses is truly astounding. Their discoveries and insights have truly overturned our understanding of the history of the Dream Realm, especially its later stages. Not to mention the incredible revelations about the origins of the Nightmare Spell they documented! Such a person should be lauded and celebrated, not hunted. Those Legacies are really out of line, this time."

Sunny smiled politely. "Who do you think the author is?"

Teacher Julius looked thoughtful for a moment. "A person of utter brilliance and integrity, no doubt! Well… they should be an old fossil like me, most likely. Probably one of the first-generation Saints? Otherwise, I don't see how they could have survived the harrowing depths of the Great River, let alone avoid being found out by the… those who are trying to find them."

He sighed. "Well, a young man like you won't understand, Master Sunless. Being an explorer is a noble calling, you see. Uh… not that there's anything wrong with making an honest living like you do. Gods know I would have been lost without your excellent cooking skills! Please excuse my outburst. This old man was being impolite."

Sunny chuckled. "No, no… you are right. Please enjoy your breakfast."

With that, he bowed slightly and took a step back.

The Silver Bell rang again, announcing the arrival of the next customer…

**********


                                Chapter 1595 Builders of Things
--------------------
1595 Builders of Things

The new customer was a young woman wearing a sharp, but somewhat wrinkled formal suit. Her white blouse was buttoned up all the way despite the warm weather, and her dark hair was gathered in a bun. There were dark circles under her deeply intelligent, but tired eyes.

Unlike Teacher Julius, who visited Bastion in his sleep, she was a mundane human residing here permanently. It also seemed like she was visiting the Brilliant Emporium after burning the midnight oil and working through the night, instead of doing so first thing in the morning.

The young woman glanced at Sunny, frowned slightly, then gave him a curt nod.

"Master Sunless."

He hid behind a polite smile.

"Miss Beth."

"Ah, Chief Bethany! You've made it!"

Forgetting about Sunny's existence, Beth turned to where Julius was sitting and smiled brightly.

"Professor Julius! Of course, I have."

Sunny received her order and retreated back into the kitchen. As he started preparing a cup of hot chocolate for the tireless scientist, he sighed and shook his head.

"She doesn't change…"

Aiko, who had just finished running some calculations on a wooden abacus, gave him a curious glance:

Oh? Do you know Chief Bethany, boss?

He lingered for a few moments, then shrugged stiffly.

We had a few brushes in Antarctica. I doubt she remembers, though.

Then, he looked around and added:

Can you pass me salt?

Aiko continued to abuse the abacus, but the salt shaker floated from the shelf into Sunny's hand. That was her Dormant Ability — a weak form of telekinesis.

…Which really put her integrity in doubt, considering that she used to run a gambling den in the Bright Castle.

But who was Sunny to judge?

Shaking his head, he finished making the hot chocolate, poured it into a ceramic cup with care, and walked out of the kitchen.

As he was placing the cup on the table, he caught a part of the conversation between Teacher Julius and Beth. The old man was saying:

"So, how are you and your team doing?"

Beth let out a long sigh and picked up her hot chocolate, warming her hands on the cup.

"Ah, we are drowning in work. There are rumors that our colleagues in Ravenheart had a breakthrough recently, but you know how it is… both sides are hoarding information instead of sharing it. The guys from Valor are also tightening up security, as if they are wary of spies. Madness, it's pure madness! They do understand that we could have achieved results twice as fast if there were fewer roadblocks for proper cooperation?"

She grimaced and shook her head.

"In any case, developing the infrastructure of Bastion has been a titanic undertaking. Thousands of engineers have given it their best, but with how strange the Dream Realm is, there are countless challenges. That is where we, the scientists, are supposed to step up."

A distant expression appeared on Beth's face for a moment. She took a sip of her hot chocolate and savored it for a bit.

Her gaze cleared a little.

"But even with all the data we gathered during the Chain of Nightmares, shielding technology remains simply ineffective. Actually, the entire approach is flawed, but the bigwigs are too myopic to realize that we should not be concentrating on developing better insulation, to begin with. So… that was why I went and became a bigwig myself. Now we are on the right track, at least."

A subtle smile appeared on her face.

"Actually, there is progress! We are very close to creating a working model of a power station. There is no reason for electrical power not to work in the Dream Realm, right? And yet, it doesn't… for now. But mark my words, I'll have the streets of Bastion illuminated by electric lights before the end of the year. And from there, all manner of things will become possible."

Teacher Julius raised his hands and applauded her silently.

"Electricity, huh? Wonderful, simply wonderful! What are you using to generate the current? Soul essence, I presume?"

Beth shrugged.

"I mean, it's not that complicated. Most electricity in the waking world is still produced by steam-powered turbines. It's just the method of producing heat, and therefore steam, that differs. So, we are using heat. Granted, finding a way to produce heat from soul essence is the ultimate goal. A truly sustainable source of energy…"

After that, Beth's explanation became too technical for Sunny to understand. He had long retreated to the reception desk, of course, but his hearing was greatly enhanced when compared to that of mundane humans— he was a Saint, after all. If Sunny wanted, he could eavesdrop on the conversations between the residents of the surrounding houses, let alone those of his own customers.

Not that he was in the habit of doing such things.

In any case, it seemed that what Beth was talking about was beyond Teacher Julius, as well. After a while, he coughed in embarrassment and said in a hesitant tone:

"Well… that sewage system you guys built is already remarkable enough. I mean it, truly! A thing like that can make or break a city…"

Beth rolled her eyes.

"Oh, gods. Don't remind me. The earth here is still full of the roots left behind by that titan… any kind of subterranean construction is a nightmare…"

Sunny sighed and turned away. The Shadow Chair, which stood behind the reception desk, creaked quietly as he shifted his weight.

'She… is living well, at least.'

When hundreds of millions of people entered the Dream Realm, there was an instant crisis having to do with how and where to settle them, of course. That crisis was not too terrible, though, because the Great Clans had been secretly preparing for an event like that for a long time.

As a result, many of the best specialists in all things having to do with building a robust infrastructure had been either found among the refugees or recruited from the waking world. The prospering city around Bastion had not just appeared on its own — countless engineers, architects, scientists, craftsmen, and professionals of all kinds had worked incredibly hard to make it a reality, Awakened and mundane alike.

Beth was one of these pioneers, and of a high rank at that.

Of course, being a champion of civilization on the wild and hostile magical frontier was not an easy job. Especially considering that the Dream Realm operated on a set of laws subtly different from the waking world, making most modern technology useless here.

But human intelligence prevailed.

'Electricity before the end of the year?'

Sunny blinked a couple of times, trying to imagine what Bastion, and other human cities in the Dream Realm, would look like if something like that truly happened.

What would they look like in ten years?

He wasn't sure he could guess.

Well, if anyone could fulfill such a promise, it was Beth. Professor Obel's last disciple…

One chapter today, three tomorrow.

**********


                                Chapter 1596 Wind of Change
--------------------
1596 Wind of Change

The sun had risen above the horizon, bathing Bastion in warm radiance. The morning was already in full swing, and so, Teacher Julius finally had to go.

"Goodness gracious, look at the time!"

He coughed, then looked at Beth with a smile.

"I am sorry, young lady, but this old man has to leave. I promised to meet a former colleague of mine, Master Rock. Now that he left the Academy to pick up his mace, it's tough for us to cross paths. If I miss him today…"

Beth shook her head.

"Don't worry, Professor. I'm meeting someone else, as well."

Soon, the elderly Awakened left. Beth continued to sip her hot chocolate, her weary gaze fixed on the beautiful white castle in the distance. Sunny, meanwhile, remained behind the reception desk, idly studying the latest issue of the Monster Almanach — an annual publication containing information about all the Nightmare Creatures humans had encountered in the last year.

His interest in these abominations was not at all theoretical. Powerful Memories demanded exceptional materials to be created, after all, and most of those materials came from the carcassess of slain abominations. Granted, a nobody like him rarely received an opportunity to trade for truly valuable trophies that Awakened brought back.

Especially here in Bastion, where the enchanters of Valor kept the best materials for their own use.

Still, if he knew where to search, he could hunt the suitable Nightmare Creatures himself.

'Instructor Rock, huh…'

Sunny couldn't remember when he last saw the giant man. It was strange to know that one of his first instructors had not only returned to the battlefield, but also Ascended at some point in time.

The news of the Sovereigns having conquered the Fourth Nightmare and the existence of the Dream Gates had truly invigorated humanity. With a vast and perilous frontier to conquer and make safe for the settlers, countless people had found new motivation to fight. Many of those less powerful were also burning with passion, wishing to help out however they could.

Some simply dreamed of forging a better life for themselves in the new world.

In any case, winds of change were blowing both over the dying waking world, and over the Dream Realm, which was killing it.

I wish him luck.

At that time, the Silver Bell rang again, and new customers entered the Emporium. Sunny rose from his seat to welcome them.

It was a young couple, both dressed in the kind of clothes Awakened usually wore outside of battle. Armor-type Memories often had layers, and those layers could usually be summoned and dismissed independently. So, many Awakened simply dismissed the heavier elements of their armor and walked around in the base layer, which could look like anything.

In fact, it often ended up looking peculiar at best, and bizarre at worst. Strangely enough, the latest trend in the fashion world was to imitate this unconventional style, which was why many idols and public figures were sporting strange combinations of bespoke gambeson jackets, linen trousers, tunics, bodysuits, and kimonos these days.

However, the couple was not trying to be fashionable. Both the young woman and the young man were seasoned Awakened warriors, which anyone who knew anything about the world could see at first glance.

There were a lot of people like them after Antarctica, all easily recognizable by the hint of icy coldness left forever in the depths of their eyes.

The young woman was petite, with mousy hair and an unassuming face. Her gaze, however, was calm and confident. The young man had unruly hair and mischievous eyes, a light smile never leaving his lips. The quiet seriousness of the woman did not fit well with the carefree attitude of the man, and yet, they looked oddly harmonious together.

The young man looked at Sunny and seemed disappointed for a moment.

"Oh! It's you, senior. Uh… where's that cute little assistant of yours?"

Sunny tilted his head a little.

"She's in the kitchen."

At the same time, the young woman glanced at her companion.

"Why are you asking?"

The young man laughed.

"No reason, no reason! Gods, Kim, give your husband some credit… I was just surprised to see Master Sunless welcoming us personally, that's all…"

The couple were, of course, Kim and Luster — Sunny's former subordinates.

The government had taken good care of the veterans of the Evacuation Army, so Luster was now as good as new despite having been gruesomely injured in Falcon Scott. Kim was doing well, too. Due to her unique Aspect, the unassuming young woman was in high demand, being treated as a precious asset by the government.

The two of them had married not long after the Southern Campaign was over. Sunny was still bewildered by that fact, but also happy for them.

"Kim! Luster!"

Beth waved at the young couple, and they joined her at the table. Sunny walked over to receive their order, then retreated into the kitchen.

'What a strange combination…'

Kim had ordered waffles, while Luster had ordered pancakes. Beth, who seemed to have worked up an appetite, joined Kim in deciding on the waffles, as well… the odd thing, though, was that they requested a bottle of hard liquor, too.

Shaking his head, Sunny looked at Aiko and said:

"Aiko… get the good stuff from the top shelf."

She put the abacus away and looked at him darkly. His assistant was of very small stature, so it might have seemed like Sunny was bullying her by demanding the petite girl to get something from all the way on the tompost shelf.

However, after glaring at him for a moment, Aiko simply floated to the ceiling, got the bottle of the expensive whiskey, and presented it to Sunny. That was her Aspect — the Dormant Ability allowed Aiko to move objects, while the Awakened Ability allowed her to move herself.

"Thank you kindly."

Taking the bottle, Sunny picked up three glasses and went to deliver the whiskey to the esteemed guests.

**********


                                Chapter 1597 Tragedy of Imperfection
--------------------
1597 Tragedy of Imperfection

Pancakes and waffles.

The two were almost identical, but also infinitely different, like two sides of the same coin. Just like both the gods and the Chaos Creatures were born from the everlasting Void, both pancakes and waffles were made from the same ingredients. However, the end result was not the same.

Perhaps there was a deep philosophical lesson to be learned from how two things made from the same ingredients could end up so vastly different, but Sunny did not particularly care.

He did, however, care about waffles and pancakes.

It wasn't hard to make either, but there was endless depth in the deceiving simplicity of these staple breakfast foods. Making pancakes was both an art and a kind of science. Waffles were even more elusive.

Even with Sunny's potent Transcendent mind and perfect physical coordination, it took him a long time to master the challenging art of making them. Still, his ultimate goal — a perfect pancake and a perfect waffle — were still out of reach.

And doomed to stay forever out of reach, because imperfection was one of the governing laws of existence.

It was… tragic.

'Perfection might not exist, but I've gotten damn close to it…'

Every cook had their own approach, but as far as Sunny was concerned, the secret of a near-perfect waffle was letting the batter rest in the icebox for exactly one night. Which was why he had prepared it in advance yesterday.

For pancakes, though, he preferred to use fresh batter. Not wishing to make the guests wait, he manifested his shadow as an avatar and went about preparing both at the same time.

While his avatar was busy with the waffles, Sunny used his original body to make the pancakes.

The process was both simple and intricately complex.

First, he broke and separated the eggs, then poured the yolks and the whites into separate bowls. He then carefully blended milk and melted butter into the yolks while whisking the whole thing. At the Same time, Sunny manifested a pair of shadow hands to whisk the whites, using a bit of his Transcendent strength and speed to hasten the process. Finally, he combined baking soda with vinegar and mixed that with flour, sugar, and salt.

Baking powder would have worked, as well, but it was currently in short supply in Bastion. So, soda and vinegar were going to have to do…

Aiko glanced at him — both of him, with all his six arms — shook her head, and returned to her work.

Now came the most important part. As soon as the whites were beaten to have stiff peaks, Sunny carefully combined the flour mix, the yolk mix, and the whipped whites together, creating batter.

This was where most wars were fought among the pancake enthusiasts. Some swore on lumpy batter, some considered anything except a perfectly smooth blend heretical. There were various factions in between the two extremist camps, too.

Sunny himself was a moderate, standing by a precise and immaculate balance between smoothness and lumpiness, which he had painstakingly discovered after countless attempts. Most things worked best in moderation, after all.

When the batter was ready, he put a pan on the fire and waited for it to grow hot, while simultaneously letting the batter rest a bit. Then, he used a large spoon to pour a portion of the batter into the pan, watching with satisfaction as it formed into a neat circle.

The rest was just a matter of skill. Sunny waited until bubbles broke on the surface of the pancake, then flipped it with one smooth, precise motion. Years of sword practice helped him perform the flip in the most efficient and spectacular manner.

One serving of transcendent pancakes coming right up...

Soon, both the pancakes and the waffles were ready. For the final step, Sunny places a scoop of vanilla ice cream on each serving of the waffles, adding freshly cut strawberries on top.

As for the pancakes…

Sunny took a deep breath.

Ancient texts mentioned that pancakes were ritually served with something called maple syrup. However, such a thing did not exist in the world anymore, and the ancient tradition could not be maintained. There were a few substitutes, sure — especially here in Bastion, which was famous for its forests.

But the most popular one… he grimaced.

Shaking his head, Sunny put butter on the pancakes, then retrieved a glass jar from the cupboard with a shaking hand. Finally, he poured some… s—some... some honey on top.

'Disgusting. Gods! I just don't understand people…'

Hiding his discomfort behind a polite expression, he picked up all three plates, dismissed the avatar, and went to serve breakfast to the guests.

"Aiko, make two coffees…"

Beth, Kim, and Luster grew lively at the sight of the pancakes and waffles he had cooked up. Sunny took a step back and secretly watched them take their first bites. He made an effort to hide his pride.

Kim's eyes widened a little.

"This… these waffles have no vulnerabilities…"

He smirked subtly.

'Of course, they don't. These waffles were made by a Saint!'

Soon, Aiko came out of the kitchen with two cups of coffee. She placed them in front of Luster and Kim and walked away.

At that point, Sunny noticed that the bottle of whiskey he had brought out earlier was still untouched. As he contemplated why the three survivors of the Antarctic Center ordered hard liquor early in the morning, Beth turned and waved at him.

"Oh… can we get two more glasses, actually? We are waiting for someone."

Sunny lingered for a moment, then nodded and turned around to walk to the kitchen. As he did, he noticed that Aiko was still loitering near the entrance, for some reason.

"What are you doing?"

The petite girl flinched, then glanced at him and touched her hair nervously.

"W—what? Nothing…"

Just then, the Silver Bell rang once more, and a new customer walked in from the street, bringing with him the smell of verdant leaves.

It was a gallant man wearing a suit of enchanted armor. His reserved, but pleasant smile possessed a hint of warmth to it, which made his already handsome face even more attractive.

The man was followed by an Echo that resembled a monstrous hound, its fur as black as night.

Aiko suddenly straightened and met the new customer with a bright smile.

"Master Quentin! Welcome. Uh… the weather is very fine this morning, isn't it?"

**********


                                Chapter 1598 Present Problems
--------------------
1598 Present Problems

Indeed, the gallant man was none other than Quentin, the healer and melee specialist of Sunny's old cohort of Irregulars.

Quentin's soul had been swallowed by the Call when he lost consciousness during the siege of Falcon Scott. As a result, he was pronounced missing in action by Army Command… but no one had any illusions. Everyone, including Sunny, had thought him dead.

However, the gallant healer proved everyone wrong. Somehow, he had not only managed to reach a suitable Seed of Nightmare in the hellish white desert without succumbing to its many perils, but also conquered that Nightmare alone.

There were a few people among the members of the Evacuation Army who had managed a similar feat, but still, Quentin's return could only be described with one word.

A miracle.

Sunny did not like that word too much, though. It detracted from Quentin's own effort, resolve, and incredible determination to survive. He was a man who had once clawed his way out of a cocoon made by an abominable spider, after all, while being digested alive. So, perhaps Sunny should have given him more credit.

In any case, Quentin had survived. His physical body had long been destroyed by the time he Ascended, so the Spell created a new one for him, sending it to the Citadel where he was anchored at that time.

Sunny had only learned about it a few years after becoming a Saint. Knowing that the gallant healer was alive brought him a bit of solace.

Before, he was under the impression that most of his soldiers had perished. Now, he knew that only a half of them had… which was better, somewhat.

Maintaining a facade of polite indifference, Sunny silently pushed Aiko into the kitchen and showed Quentin to the table where Beth, Kim, and Luster were waiting. They met the healer warmly.

"Master Quentin, good morning!"

Hey, Quentin!

Well, if it isn't Mr. Big Shot Ascended…

Quentin smiled in embarrassment and took a seat.

Sunny followed Aiko into the kitchen, ignored her glare, and retrieved the additional glasses.

Strange…

He had opened his shop in Bastion because that was where most of the people he knew were. There were not that many good restaurants here, yet, and certainly very few run by a Master. Not to mention the Memory side of the business. Therefore, it was inevitable that he would run into an old acquaintance or two sooner or later.

Since his services were top-notch, the Brilliant Emporium gained many customers through word of mouth. Those old acquaintances recommended the new place to people in their circle, so it wasn't that odd to meet someone Sunny had known, on occasion.

Plus, many of the people he had known were also people Aiko knew.

Still, it was strange for an impromptu meeting between the survivors of the Antarctic Center to happen in his cafe all of a sudden.

If it had happened before, Sunny would have thought that [Fated] was pulling the strings of fate behind the curtains.

But he was free of such concerns now. Coincidences were nothing more than coincidences, and they did happen.

Free…

Sunny smiled neutrally as he placed the glass in front of Quentin.

"Would you like something to eat?"

The healer made an order, and Sunny left. As he was walking away, he saw Kim pouring the whiskey into the glasses. The sound of laughter disappeared, and the smiles disappeared, as well.

The four of them remained silent for a few moments, their faces solemn. Then, they gulped the bitter liquor down.

The fifth glass of whiskey remained standing on the table, untouched.

Sunny had an idea of what his customers were going to talk about, so he dove into the kitchen, not wanting to listen.

Aiko was there, waiting for him with a dismayed expression. She whispered angrily:

"Why did you push me away! Boss… listen… I can serve that dreamy… uh… serve Master Quentin and his friends myself. You just rest…"

Then, she noticed something on his face and grew silent.

A couple moments later, Aiko sighed.

"You are being strange again."

Sunny glanced at her impassively, then said with a shrug:

"Those guys are from the First Evacuation Army, and they are here for a reason. Leave them be."

She coughed awkwardly.

"Oh. I keep forgetting that you were in Antarctica, as well. Sorry…"

Sunny did not make a secret of the fact that he had gone through the Southern Campaign — without going into details, of course. That was because the situation there had been extremely chaotic, and many people ended up being forced to challenge Nightmares with no warning. Few managed to survive them alone, like Quentin, though.

Still, it was easy to explain where an absolutely unknown Master had popped out from by simply saying something like "Oh, I sort of stumbled into a Nightmare in Antarctica". That was also a perfect conversation killer, dissuading people from asking further questions.

In short, it was very convenient.

Sunny patted Aiko on the shoulder and went to cook Quentin's order.

"Get ready. The breakfast crowd will arrive soon."

He cooked another omelette, brewed some coffee, and delivered both to the gallant healer.

Retreating to the reception desk, Sunny picked up the Monster Almanac and continued to read.

He could not help but catch bits and pieces of the conversation his former soldiers were having.

After the initial solemn atmosphere, the mood at their table gradually turned lighter. They joked, laughed, and shared news about themselves.

Listening to the sound of their laughter, Sunny remained silent.

At some point, though, his expression changed slightly.

Quentin was talking at the moment, his pleasant voice tinged with a complicated emotion:

"Oh… I heard something strange a few days ago, by the way."

Luster raised an eyebrow.

"Good strange or bad strange?"

The healer shrugged hesitantly.

"I'm not sure. You see… that thing. The Winter Beast. Apparently, it's gone."

Kim and Beth looked at him sharply, their eyes turning colder.

"Gone? What do you mean, gone?"

Quentin shook his head.

"It seemed like someone… or rather, something… killed it. You know how hard it is to catch glimpses of the Southern Quadrant, but apparently, the evidence suggests that it was killed years ago. We just didn't know."

A long silence settled over the table.

Then, Kim poured the remaining whiskey into their glasses and raised hers.

A pale smile appeared on her face.

"Good. That's good, then…"

Turning the page, Sunny sighed subtly.

Of course, he knew that the Winter Beast was gone.

He was the one who had killed it, after all, ripping the wretched thing apart with his own two hands.

Well, it was in the past now.

Right now, he was running low on coffee beans and a bunch of other ingredients. Worse than that, his Memory business was not doing that well.

This was the kind of problems Sunny was facing in the present.

**********


                                Chapter 1599 Delivery
--------------------
1599 Delivery

The four survivors of the Antarctic Center finished their meal. As a good host, Sunny saw them off, then remained on the porch for a few moments, looking as they walked away.

However, he did not have time to waste.

By then, there were several other customers waiting to be served, so he sent Aiko to the dining hall and hid himself in the kitchen. Manifesting a second body, Sunny concentrated on preparing food.

Mornings were a busy time in the Brilliant Emporium, but the two of them were managing fine. Sunny had two bodies and could manifest as many hands as he needed, while Aiko was a perfect waitress, simply floating the dishes to the tables with her telekinesis.

After an hour or two, the breakfast crowd dwindled and gradually cleared out, leaving the interior of the Marvelous Mimic empty once again. Sunny washed his hands and leaned back on the Shadow Chair, while Aiko was counting the money they made.

With the increase in human population of the Sword Domain, it was not convenient to simply use soul shards as currency anymore. Credits, meanwhile, were a purely digital currency… so, the Great Clans had recently started minting their own coins. Each coin contained a small amount of essence, and their value was supported by the shard treasuries each clan possessed.

Sunny did not really care about the matters of economy, but Aiko was all about it, constantly pestering him to think about converting the Brilliant Emporium into a bank and making his money make money by lending it out to less affluent people in Bastion. The possibility of capitalizing on the first-mover advantage in a new world almost made her drool.

That said, the petite girl was not really serious about these fanciful dreams, since she understood that growing too big would land them in the steel embrace of Valor, as well.

In any case…

Sunny spun a heavy silver coin between his fingers, studying it with a distant expression. One side of the coin had a number on it, while the other was embossed with the image of a sword piercing an anvil. He could feel a minuscule amount of soul essence contained in the silver, ensuring its authenticity.

This essence could also be directly absorbed, which was why many Awakened carried a few coins with them at all times, just in case they found themselves in dire straits.

'...The coins my Mimic makes are much more valuable.'

Granted, the Marvelous Mimic had few opportunities to consume someone here in Bastion, so there were not a lot of these coins around.

And speaking of the Marvelous Mimic…

Sunny shifted when he felt the Brilliant Emporium tremble slightly. It was as if the shapeshifting Shadow was shivering in fright.

Ah.

Boss! Boss! They're here!

Aiko hurriedly dashed toward the kitchen and hid behind the door, peeking from behind it with a concerned expression.

Sunny sighed, then stood up and headed toward the door.

It's time, then.

Walking outside, he mentally prepared himself.

Out there, on the front lawn of the Brilliant Emporium… an adorable wolf pup was sitting, staring at him with shining eyes and wagging his tail excitedly.

The little wolf was undeniably cute. However, the problem was that he was also the size of a bull.

Sunny looked at the lawn, which had been torn by the wolf pup's claws, and grimaced.

"Little Ling… we talked about it. Human form, remember?"

The puppy tilted his head in confusion, his ears flopping side-to-side. Then, his body shimmered subtly.

Sunny averted his eyes.

In the next moment, there was the sound of rushing air, and a man's voice resounded from a bit further down the street:

"Ling Ling! Summon your clothes!"

A childish voice answered a moment later:

"Buuuut… daddy…"

"Right now!"

Sunny waited for a bit, then looked down.

The wolf pup was gone, and there was an equally adorable four-year-old boy standing in front of him, dressed in a simple tunic. Further down the street, a good-looking young man was pushing a sizable cart toward the Emporium, beads of sweat glistening on his forehead.

He gave Sunny a friendly smile.

"Master Sunless! Sorry if we are a bit late."

Sunny wanted to answer, but at that moment, the little boy smiled brightly and shouted:

"Uncle!"

With that, he pounced at Sunny and hugged him.

Sunny gasped, turning a bit pale, and was pushed back a couple steps. His bones groaned.

"Ah… ouch…"

The strange pair were from the Beast Farm — which was where Sunny purchased most of the fresh ingredients used in the Brilliant Emporium. They were making a delivery.

…Of course, they were also Effie's husband and child.

The huntress swore that she named her son "Ling" in honor of the leader of her first cohort, but Sunny had his doubts. In any case, Little Ling was a unique existence. He had been born in the void at the heart of Ariel's Tomb, and therefore treated as a challenger when the Nightmare was conquered.

So, Little Ling had become a Transcendent as an infant. The child Saint was now a darling of humanity, famous across both worlds.

The good-looking young man, meanwhile, was the nameless Awakened Sunny had once welcomed back from the First Nightmare. That guy was not exactly famous, but definitely infamous. Many people treated him with a peculiar mix of envy, admiration… and fearful sympathy.

After all, being married to one Saint and a father to another was not for the faint of heart!

Especially considering the fact that his wife was none other than Raised by Wolves, and that it had taken Little Ling a while to start learning how to control his Transcendent strength.

Depending on one's point of view, that guy could either be called the luckiest or the unluckiest person in the world.

'Poor bastard…'

Little Ling was indeed getting better at controlling his strength, but that did not mean that he was good at it.

Suppressing a groan of pain, Sunny struggled to inhale and cautiously patted the adorable boy on the head.

"Little Ling… dear… uncle can't breathe…"

**********


                                Chapter 1600 Beast Farm
--------------------
1600 Beast Farm

Sunny had experienced a lot of bizarre things in his life, but the nameless guy really took the cake.

It must have been one hell of a conversation when Effie came back from a routine mission as a Saint, with a baby in tow despite only being in the third month of her pregnancy, saying that the baby… was somehow also a Saint.

Sunny did not even want to imagine.

In any case, Effie and the nameless guy seemed to have worked things out in the end. In fact, their relationship was strangely picturesque and idyllic. Their son was growing up happily, too, bathed in endless care and affection.

His mom was now one of the five Transcendent powerhouses of the government, as well as one of the most well-known and beloved protectors of humanity. His dad, meanwhile, had gone into the Dream Realm on the winter solstice, a month after the cohort returned from the Tomb of Ariel, and became an Awakened. He possessed a Utility Aspect having to do with mending, restoration, and cultivation... as well as golden hands.

Now, the nameless guy was managing a large farm that he and Effie had established on the beautiful meadow contained within her Supreme Memory. That farm was the source of many ingredients Sunny used in the Brilliant Emporium, so he received visits from the nameless farmer often.

Which was why the Marvelous Mimic was afraid of Little Ling. The cure boy possessed an endless amount of enthusiasm, like all children did, and the power of a Transcendent being. Therefore, he was nothing short of a walking disaster for furniture, appliances, and even buildings.

Sunny did not know how Effie's house was still standing, but the Mimic had suffered greatly despite being a powerful demon.

…Sunny had suffered greatly, too.

As he extricated himself from Little Ling's embrace, thanking Bone Weave for keeping his ribs intact, Sunny shook his head in dejection.

'Well, it's my own fault.'

He just couldn't resist the adorable brat, so every time they visited, Sunny treated him to something tasty, like hot chocolate, waffles, or ice cream.

Who knew that a child's fondness could be bought that easily? Therefore, Sunny didn't have anyone but himself to blame for being the target of Little Ling's affection.

As soon as the little boy let go, he looked at Sunny with huge eyes and smiled bashfully.

...Auntie Aiko?

Sorry, Aiko.

Sunny smiled and pointed behind himself.

Oh, she's in the kitchen.

His only saving grace was that Aiko seemed to be the energetic puppy's favorite. So, he heartlessly hid behind the petite girl every time the duo arrived.

Yay!

Little Ling disappeared behind the door. A moment later, the Marvelous Mimic seemed to shake a little.

The nameless guy had brought his large cart over, by that point. Sunny looked at him and nodded politely.

Nice to see you, Ling's Dad. How is it today?

Ling's Dad panted for a few moments, then grinned.

"Great! We were finally able to cultivate a strip of raspberries, in addition to what we already grow in the garden. The fields are taking well to the new fertilizer, too. Oh, and we are thinking of procuring more cattle, considering how high the demand for fresh milk has been lately."

He pointed to the cart.

"Plus, with all the enchanted items you made for us, my life has become much easier. So, this time, I was able to bring everything on the list. Milk, eggs, tomatoes, flour…"

He listed all the things in the cart, leaving Sunny to contemplate for a few moments.

'That's good. I won't have to search for many substitutes in the waking world. Still, Bastion is still far away from being self-sufficient, so there is no choice but to go…'

Indeed, although humanity's presence in the Dream Realm had expanded dramatically, they were still dependent on the waking world for countless things. As far as Sunny was concerned, things like coffee beans, chocolate, salt, and a bunch of other commodities could only be procured on the other side.

Which was a bit of a pain, considering that he had to act as a Master. So, every time Sunny wanted to go to the waking world, he had to enter the Castle and pretend to use the Gateway there.

At least he didn't need to come back through the Dream Gate. That would force him to interact with people from Valor way more often, and way more closely, than he wished to.

He nodded at Ling's Dad and offered him a hand:

"Let me help you unload everything."

As they were unloading the cart, he asked nonchalantly:

"Oh, how is your wife doing, by the way?"

Ling Dad smiled, a glint appearing in his eyes.

"Effie? She is doing great. Soul Reaper and she have just returned from suppressing a minor Gate Crisis in the Eastern Quadrant. The casualties were minimal, so everyone is celebrating…"

Sunny sighed.

As much as the situation in the Dream Realm had improved for humans, the situation in the waking world was slowly getting worse. There were more Gates, and those Gates were more powerful. Even with resource shortages being greatly relieved by the mass migration to the other world, the infrastructure was still reeling from losing Antarctica.

So, the government was busier than ever. Not only were they working to establish a firmer foothold in the rapidly changing Dream Realm, but they were also working hard to contain the growing menace of the Nightmare Spell.

Luckily, it was not only the Legacy Clans that had become much stronger after the Chain of Nightmares. Although the government did not have many Saints, their Awakened forces had grown tremendously in recent years — mostly due to many veterans of the Evacuation Army choosing to remain in service.

And the few Saints the government did have were up there with the mightiest champions of the Great Clans. Soul Reaper Jet, Raised by Wolves, and Nightingale… the three of them were worth a dozen less powerful Transcendent, if not more.

Ling's Dad straightened, wiped his brow, then almost blinded Sunny with a smile.

"Ah! Sorry, I forgot to mention… she'll be coming by in a short while."

Sunny blinked a couple times.

"She… Transcendent Athena? She'll be coming by?"

The nameless guy nodded happily.

"Yes. She had a meeting to attend in the Castle, so I just told her to meet us here..."

Sunny froze.

**********

