Shadow Slave - PART 141
Chapters 1401 to 1410
==============================


                                Chapter 1401 One of Those Situations
--------------------
Sunny had recognized the voice. There was no doubt that the person screaming in pain in the depths of the forest was Jet... she was so close! And in danger. He hesitated for a moment.

'Bad, bad...'

His intuition was telling him that something absolutely deadly waited for him in the mist. Blindly rushing forward could very well invite disaster. And more than that, the scream itself was suspicious... Was Soul Reaper Jet someone to scream from pain? No, she wasn't. Sunny had seen her maintain composure while impaled on a jagged piece of alloy. Someone... something could have been mimicking her voice to lure them into a trap.

He had met creatures that lived in the mist and mimicked human voices before, after all. The memory alone was enough to make him shudder. And yet... What if it really was her? If there was something on the island that had made Jet shriek in agony, then the danger she faced was truly dire. There was no time to hesitate at all.

"Sunny?"

He flinched, then looked at Nephis sombeerly. Despite Sunny's shaken state, he knew that he had already made the decision. His voice was steady when he spoke:

"Someone is fighting in the forest, about four kilometers from the top of the stairs. It should be Jet. I'm going."

She looked at him for a moment, then nodded calmly and unsheathed her sword.

"We'll be right behind you, then."

As Cassie commanded the Guiding Light to point its radiance to where Sunny was instead of Effie, he dove into the shadows.

'I'm doing something very dangerous...'

Throughout the years, Sunny had often been forced to take unacceptable risks. But that was only because his back had been against the wall, and the circumstances had not allowed him to make a different choice. If possible, he preferred to win every battle before it even started, or at least get as close to ensuring the favorable result as possible. Observing his enemy, making careful preparations, dictating the ebb and flow of the battle... that was where he felt the most comfortable, and where his Aspect truly shined.

Right now, Sunny had no idea what enemy he was going to face, was rushing into battle without having made any preparations, and did not hold any initiative at all. Much worse, he was doing all these things here, in the depths of the Third Nightmare, surrounded by the mists of Wind Flower - it was hard to imagine a place more perilous than that.

'It's just one of those situations where I only have bad choices. It's going to be alright, though... I've survived all the previous gambles, so I'll pull through this time, as well!'

Stepping out of the shadow that had heard Jet's voice, Sunny gave it an order to wrap itself around him and dashed into the mist with as much speed as he could muster. At the same time, he called the other two scouting shadows back. It was going to take a bit of time for them to return, but still... he preferred to plan ahead.

Tearing through the fog, Sunny swiftly traversed the remaining distance to the place where the scream had come from. Soon, he broke free of the pine trees and entered a wide clearing. The everpresent fog was a bit thinner here, allowing him to see a dozen meters or so in all directions. Sunny dug his heels into the soft moss and slid for a few meters before coming to a halt. The Sin of Solace was already raised, ready to strike.

...But there was no movement around him.

Sunny froze for a split second, scanning the misty clearing. He didn't see or sense any enemies, at least not in the small area he could perceive. What he did sense, however... was the familiar smell of blood.

'There!'

Out there in front of him, hidden by fog, a figure was slumped on the ground. Dashing forward, Sunny approached the figure and staggered.

'C-curse it...'

It was indeed Jet. However, she was... she was...

Her black leather armor seemed unbroken, and yet, Soul Reaper's beautiful face was contorted in a grimace of pure agony. A moment later, Sunny noticed a strange incongruity about her... looking closer, he understood that Jet's right arm was laying a bit too far from her body. It had been viciously severed near the shoulder. The hand was still clutched into a fist, but the glaive gripped in it was broken, already dissipating into a stream of white sparks. The moss was greedily absorbing dark, steaming blood.

His chest suddenly felt constricted.

'N-neph has not recovered her essence yet...'

As he thought that, Jet suddenly opened her eyes. They had always been icy and blue, but now, the blue color had become so intense that it almost seemed as if it was glowing in the dim twilight of the misty island. There was a hint of recognition in her dazed gaze. Her lips moved, but Sunny failed to discern the barely audible whisper.

'Hold on, Jet! Hold on...'

Kneeling in front of her, he lowered his head and listened.

Jet's voice was weak and hoarse:

"Sunny... be... behind you... fog..."

His eyes widened.

A split second later, he was already moving.

Jumping to his feet, Sunny spun and brandished the Sin of Solace. He only had enough time to notice a vague shape in the swirling mist, elusive and ethereal, as if made out of the fog itself. The world around him was suddenly terribly cold, the breath escaping from his mouth as steam.

'Got you.'

The jade blade of the cursed jian sliced through the ethereal figure without meeting any resistance. Sunny was used to the feeling of the flesh of his enemies parting before the white jade like water, so he wasn't too surprised.

However... something was wrong.

Cursing, he jumped back, narrowly avoiding being grasped by the misty apparition. Cold sweat appeared on his face.

Sunny had no reason to believe so, but he felt as if he had just avoided certain death.

'What the...'

His thoughts were moving quickly. The Sin of Solace had passed through the enemy, but the enemy easily shrugged off the attack. How could it be?

'Elusive, ethereal, seemingly woven out of fog... an incorporeal enemy.'

This was not the first time he had faced murderous wraiths and ghost-like abominations. Grimacing, Sunny let go of the hilt of his cursed sword and allowed it to fall to the ground.

Luckily, he had a weapon perfectly capable of destroying intangible foes... the [Ghost Blade] enchantment of the Cruel Sight allowed it to do just that. Now, he just had to survive a few seconds until the somber spear manifested itself.

The problem was that he could not see the mist wraith anymore. After attacking once, it dissolved into the swirling fog, becoming utterly invisible. The next strike could come at any moment, from any direction.

The gloomy and happy shadows were already approaching from two different directions. Very soon, they would reach the clearing and augment his speed even more... this battle was not going to be as hard then.

'Now, I just need to...'

"Sunny..."

Jet's hoarse voice resounded from below, but he didn't allow himself to look down. All his focus was concentrated on the swirling mist, watching for the signs of the next attack.

"Be... careful... she's..."

Finally, the Cruel Sight appeared in his hand, instantly igniting with the radiance of divine flame. The fog around the silver blade seethed, evaporating. At almost the same time, the happy shadow reached the clearing and burst from the line of trees, flying toward him wit incredible speed. The gloomy shadow was not far behind.

The mist moved.

'Huh?'

Strangely enough, the wraith was not lunging at him. Instead, it was at the edge of the clearing, moving to... intercept...

'No!'

Suddenly, harrowing pain tore through Sunny's mind and body. Letting out a bestial wail, he fell to one knee, clutching at his chest.

"Aargh! Aaaa!!"

It was an agony unlike anything he had ever experienced.

As Sunny watched with disbelieving eyes, his vision blurry, the happy shadow was out there, in front of him... impaled on a ghostly blade. Once lively and joyful, it was now empty and hollow.

Dead.

The Spell whispered solemnly into his ear:

[Your shadow has been destroyed.]

[Your shadow core has been destroyed.]

'G-gloomy!'

Sunny was paralyzed by pain, but he tried to move nevertheless. However, it was too late.

The mist wraith was suddenly on the opposite side of the clearing, and he was brought to the ground by another wave of unimaginable, killing torment.

[Your shadow... has...]

[Your... core... destroyed...]

His soul was severely damaged. Two of his shadow cores had shattered, and his soul was falling apart.

'No, no, no...'

Letting out a tortured howl, Sunny struggled to stand up. But all he managed was to rise to one knee.

It was then that he felt a cold presence looming above him. Looking up, he saw it...

Two icy blue eyes, looking down at him with inhuman coldness.

Laying on the ground, Jet whispered in a voice that was like a dying flame:

"...me."

Then, a ghostly blade pierced Sunny's chest. It passed through the dark fabric of Ananke's Mantle and the black silk of the Shroud of Dusk as if they were no obstacles at all. Neither Marble Shell nor Bone Weave offered it any resistance, either.

The blade did not cut Sunny's skin, not did it sever his flesh. Instead, it struck directly at his lightless soul. Already damaged, it crumbled from that single strike.

...That was how Sunny had been slain by Undying Slaughter of the Six Plagues. For the first time.

**********


                                Chapter 1402 Sunny Waited for a Moment
--------------------
...Sunny waited for a moment, then slowly straightened and looked around.

The Chain Breaker was laying on white sand, tilted awkwardly. It had shattered the side of a black cliff and was now leaning on it, preventing the ship from turning over. They had gotten lucky despite the blind landing.

The fog was still there, obscuring the world, but it had become less thick. Sunny could make out the figure of Saint standing still on the bow of the grounded vessel, as well as more cliffs rising high above them. It seemed that Nephis had guided the Chain Breaker to a small sand beach at the very edge of the island.

Neph herself was leaning heavily on the steering oars, drained of essence. Sunny grimaced.

'It was inevitable, but we should be careful not to receive any serious wounds. She won't be able to heal us any time soon.'

Nephis, meanwhile, had already regained her composure.

"I'm fine. I can still put up a fight."

'Well, of course you can. I have no doubt about that.'

After exchanging a few words with them, Cassie used the Guiding Light to make it point in the direction where Effie supposedly was.

'Or her lifeless body... or something else entirely.'

Sunny couldn't suppress his anxiety anymore. He scowled and took a step forward, ready to leap down to the beach.

'That gluttonous woman... she'd better be alive. Or else... or else I'll be very cross with her.'

Jumping over the railing, he plummeted down and landed on the sand. A moment later, Nephis was by his side. Saint and Fiend landed with a bit more noise than the two of them, and lastly, Nightmare leaped from the deck of the ship, carrying Cassie on his back.

The six of them remained motionless for a few moments, listening to the silence of Wind Flower.

There were no sounds around them, no movement. Only the soft white sand and the black cliffs faintly visible in the fog. A piece of rock fell from the shattered crag and rolled down, the noise both dampened and made louder by the mist. It echoed, making them tense.

Feeling very uncomfortable because of how suppressed both his vision and shadow sense were, Sunny took a step forward.

...As he did, a human figure suddenly revealed itself from the murky veil of the fog.

He flinched and tensed, ready to attack, but then froze.

Black eyes, porcelain skin... the Sin of Solace looked at him contemptuously and spat:

"Gods. This again! I'm so sick of it..."

Sunny gritted his teeth and walked past the damned sword wraith...

But then he lingered for a moment.

Suddenly, a strange sense of déj?? vu overcame him.

'Huh...'

Why did he feel as if the Sin of Solace was supposed to say something else?

Shaking his head, Sunny ignored the loathsome apparition and headed straight for the cliffs.

...Less than an hour later, he was writhing on the ground, overwhelmed by unbearable agony. His lightless soul was mutilated and slowly falling apart.

As Sunny arduously rose to one knee, a cold gaze pierced him from above.

'No, no, no...'

Then, a ghostly blade pierced his chest.

Sunny died.

***

...Sunny waited for a moment, then slowly straightened and looked around.

The Chain Breaker was laying on white sand, tilted awkwardly. Nephis was leaning heavily on the steering oars, utterly drained of essence.

'We should be careful not to get wounded until she recovers some essence.'

She straightened slowly and said in a tired voice:

"I'm fine. I can still put up a fight."

'Well, of course you can. You're Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan."

They exchanged a few words with Cassie, who then used the Guiding Light to point them in the direction where Effie was supposed to be. Soon, Sunny jumped down to the beach, followed by the rest of his companions.

'That gluttonous woman... she'd better be alive. Or else... or else I'll be very cross with her.'

Feeling vulnerable in the swirling mist, he scowled and took a step forward.

...As he did, a human figure suddenly revealed itself from the murky veil of the fog.

Sunny flinched and tensed, ready to attack, but then froze.

Black eyes, porcelain skin... the Sin of Solace was glaring at him without even trying to conceal his hatred.

"You are such a pathetic, odious, revolting coward. Just die already, die... gods, this is unbearable!"

Sunny gritted his teeth and walked past the damned sword wraith, heading for the cliffs. He was suddenly overcome by a strange sense of déj?? vu.

'Weird... what did that bastard say?'

Banishing the thought of the damnable sword wraith from his head, he continued forward.

Soon after, a ghostly blade pierced his chest.

Sunny died in agony.

***

...Sunny waited for a moment, then slowly straightened and looked around.

The Chain Breaker was laying on white sand, tilted awkwardly. Nephis was leaning on the steering oars, utterly drained of essence...

A minute or two later, he jumped down to the beach and headed to the cliffs. As he did, a pale apparition suddenly appeared from the mist, scaring him.

The Sin of Solace laughed.

"Damn, damn... it was fun at the start, but now I've already lost count..."

Ignoring the odious wraith, Sunny continued walking. He was suddenly overwhelmed by a strange sense of déj?? vu but dismissed it.

Not long after that, his soul was destroyed by the ruthless blade of Undying Slaughter.

***

...Sunny waited for a moment, then slowly straightened and looked around.

...Sunny waited for a moment, then slowly straightened and looked around.

...Sunny waited for a moment, then slowly straightened and looked around.

He died in agony.

He died in agony.

He died in agony.

He died.

***

The Chain Breaker was laying on white sand, tilted awkwardly. Nephis was leaning on the steering oars, utterly drained of essence.

After Cassie used the Guiding Light to point them in the direction where Effie was supposed to be, Sunny jumped down to the beach and headed toward the cliffs.

As he did, a pale apparition appeared from the mist and scared him.

The Sin of Solace glared at him silently, not saying anything.

'What is up with that bastard?'

Ignoring the loathsome wraith, Sunny walked past and advanced cautiously through the fog. A strange sense of déj?? vu suddenly overwhelmed him but he dismissed it.

'Slow and steady... slow and steady...'

However, something was still gnawing on his mind.

Scowling, Sunny stopped, lingered for a few moments, and turned around.

"Hey, you. Weren't you going to say something?"

Nephis looked at him with a hint of surprise.

"Are you talking to your sword?"

Sunny nodded and continued staring at the Sin of Solace, who silently glared at him back.

'Why do I feel so strange?'

He remained motionless for a while, his expression growing darker. Eventually, Sunny uttered a curse and shook his head.

"Hold on. I... I think something is not right..."

-----

Erdiul's Note: Sus

**********


                                Chapter 1403 Deja Vu
--------------------
Because of Sunny, they spent more time near the Chain Breaker than they had planned. However, he simply couldn't tell what it was that had made him feel so uncomfortable. After a while, there was no choice but to head for the cliffs.

Cassie rode Nightmare at the front of the group, Sunny and Nephis followed, while Saint and Fiend were defending the rear. As they walked, Sunny remained silent, a deep frown on his face.

"I just... I feel strange."

It was as if he had taken these steps before. The white sand, the swirling mist, the black edifices of the tall cliffs... it all felt eerily familiar.

"What is going on?"

Eventually, they discovered a line of footprints in the sand. Sunny should have felt surprised and curious, but he barely paid the mysterious discovery any attention. As if it was only natural for the footprints to be there.

"Those were left by a human."

He shivered slightly and looked at Nephis. How had he known that she would say these exact words?

Sunny hesitated for a few moments, then said quietly:

"Wait here."

Why did he feel almost... obligated to respond that way?

Deeply disturbed, Sunny left one of his shadows behind and followed the line of footprints to the edge of the island. There were so many questions he should have been asking himself... like who had left these traces? Had that person really jumped into the abyssal chasm? Or had they survived and escaped the suffocating mist?

But instead, Sunny was mostly thinking about why it felt as if he had already visited the edge of the island before.

The Sin of Solace was there, as well, glaring at him silently.

'Why is he not saying anything? I feel like he should have said something already. Like encourage me to jump, too.'

Scowling, Sunny returned to Nephis and Cassie.

"The footprints lead to the edge of the island. I didn't find anything else, so... let's trace them in the other direction."

When they nodded and prepared to set out, he suddenly added:

"Wait, don't you... don't you feel that something is strange?"

Nephis looked at him with her usual impassive expression.

"Everything here is strange."

Sunny had no choice but to agree. It was a stupid question, to begin with... of course, everything felt strange on a mystical island hidden behind a barrier of a colossal whirlpool.

They continued forward and eventually reached stone steps leading up the hills. Fiend took the lead, and the group cautiously started the ascent. As they walked, Sunny couldn't shake off the feeling that these steps looked eerily familiar.

'Just what the hell is going on with me... am I under some kind of mind hex again?'

By now, Sunny's resistance to mental attack was rather high. Even the Sin of Solace, a Transcendent Memory of the Fifth Tier, was having trouble driving him truly and utterly insane. He did not doubt that there were beings in the Tomb of Ariel that could shatter his defenses... but he did doubt that there was something here that could do so without him noticing.

'Then what is it?'

Looking up, he noticed that Nephis was staring intently at the stone steps.

'She must have noticed that they are not weathered at all, as if the Seeker who had lived on the island created them just yesterday.'

Wait... when had he come to these conclusions himself?

It just seemed so obvious.

As Sunny froze, feeling very confused, one of the scouting shadows suddenly heard the sound of steel clashing against steel, followed by a pained scream. He didn't feel surprised at all, as if this was the most natural thing in the world.

The black crow that had been sitting on his shoulder suddenly dashed into the fog.

'Was that Jet's voice?'

Why did thinking about Jet fill him with a cold sense of dread?

"Sunny?"

Cassie and Nephis had noticed his dazed state.

He lingered for a moment.

"Someone is fighting in the forest, about four kilometers from the top of the stairs. It should be Jet. I'm going."

The words left his mouth as if he had rehearsed them.

Nephis nodded.

"We'll be right..."

Without listening to her response, Sunny dove into the shadows.

'Something is wrong... something is wrong...'

He knew that he was taking a dire risk by rushing blindly into the forest. Wind Flower was too dangerous of a place to behave rashly... Sunny had no idea what enemy he was going to face, was diving into battle without having made any preparations, and did not hold any initiative at all.

But Jet was going to die if he delayed even for a moment. Somehow, he was sure of it.

Stepping out of the shadow deep within the forest, Sunny gritted his teeth and dashed forward.

'It's just one of those situations where I only have bad choices. It's going to be alright, though... I've survived all the previous gambles, so I'll pull through this time, as well!'

But then, he felt a chilling terror grasp his heart.

...Would he really pull through?

Or would he die miserable after finally losing a gamble?

Bursting onto a wide clearing, Sunny slid on the moss and came to halt close to its middle. The smell of blood permeated the air here, both frightening and familiar.

'Where is she, where is she...'

Looking around, he noticed someone laying on the ground, their motionless figure buried in the mist. Dashing there, Sunny fell to his knees and stared down with wide eyes.

Jet... it was Jet. Her black leather armor seemed unbroken, but her beautiful face was contorted in a grimace of terrible agony. The moss was greedily drinking blood that flowed from the terrible wound where her arm had been viciously severed.

'Curse it all!'

Sensing his presence, Jet slowly opened her eyes. Her lips moved weakly:

"Sunny... be..."

'Behind me, in the fog!'

Before Jet finished her warning, he was already jumping to his feet and spinning around. There was a vague shape moving in the mist. Because of how quickly Sunny had reacted, he had no trouble dodging its strike.

The Sin of Solace hissed, slicing the figure apart.

'That won't do anything.'

Why did he think that?

Right... seemingly woven out of mist, ethereal, elusive. It had to be a wraith of some kind, meaning that physical attacks would be ineffective against it. It seemed that Sunny's subconscious had discerned the insidious nature of the enemy faster than his conscious mind did.

For this battle, he had to discard the jade jian and summon the Cruel Sight instead.

A split second later, the mist wraith seemed to dissipate into the swirling fog. Sunny could not sense its presence at all, which meant that the abomination could attack at any moment, from any direction.

Letting go of the Sin of Solace, he called upon the somber spear. Now... he just had to survive until it was summoned...

'No... I'm missing something...'

Sunny froze in place, torn between the dire need to be absolutely focused and the gnawing feeling that he was forgetting something terribly, terribly important.

'What... what is it?'

He couldn't allow himself to get distracted. A moment of inattention could mean death.

'Focus!'

His other two scouting shadows - gloomy and happy - were going to reach the clearing in a few seconds. Only when his body was augmented by all five shadows would he have the luxury of sparing some thought to the gnawing feeling.

Jet's hoarse voice resounded from below, faltering and weak:

"Sunny... careful... she's..."

He looked down, and then...

Sunny was suddenly inexplicably calm.

His lips moved:

"...She's you."

The Cruel Sight finally manifested itself into existence.

The happy shadow flew into the clearing.

The mist wraith... Undying Slaughter... was already there, waiting for it.

A terrible agony tore Sunny's soul apart.

Falling to his knees, he heard the Spell whispers and thought:

'Your shadow has been destroyed.'

[Your shadow has been destroyed.]

'Your shadow core has been destroyed.'

[Your shadow core has been destroyed.]

'Now, Gloomy...'

Another flash of indescribable torment pierced his existence, throwing Sunny to the ground.

Wreathing in pain, he struggled to stand up.

'I... I knew this would happen. How did I know?'

Finally, he managed to rise to one knee. The mist was suddenly unbearably cold, casing his body to shiver.

Sunny raised his head and saw two icy blue eyes looking down at him.

'I am going to die now.'

The ghostly blade pierced his chest.

***

Sunny waited for a moment, then slowly straightened and looked around. The Chain Breaker was laying on white sand, tilted awkwardly...

The forest clearing was gone. The bleeding, broken figure of Jet was gone. The corpses of his shadows were gone, too.

...But he remembered it all clearly.

The misty shore, the black cliffs, the cold twilight of the pine forest, the dread of dying on his knees.

'I died.'

But he had not. Otherwise, how would he be standing here, on the deck of the Chain Breaker?

'Neph and Cassie must have saved me, somehow, and retreated back to the ship.'

It was at that moment that he heard Neph's voice:

"I'm fine. I can still put up a fight."

Sunny flinched and stared at her with a deadpan expression.

"What... what did you just say?"

She raised an eyebrow.

"I said I can still fight."

Sunny continued to stare at her silently.

His mind was utterly empty.

'These are the exact words she said when we first landed on the island. No, not just her words. Everything is exactly the same.'

He looked around again, noting every small detail of their surroundings. He was right - it was as if the last hour had never happened.

As if Sunny had returned to the past.

He slowly raised a hand and ran it across his face.

'...What the hell is going on?'

**********


                                Chapter 1404 Another Round
--------------------
"It's exactly the same."

The Chain Breaker was leaning on a broken cliff, the mist swirling around it. Saint was standing motionlessly at the bow of the ship. Nephis had just stated that she would still be able to fight despite exhausting all her essence.

Sunny looked at her, then shifted slightly and threw a glance at Cassie.

'The last time, I noticed her troubled expression and asked if there was something wrong. She explained how her instincts were screaming of danger.'

He hesitated for a few moments and kept silent.

Nephis, however, did not. Noting that Cassie seemed concerned about something, she asked evenly:

"Have you sensed something?"

The blind girl shook her head with a frown.

"Nothing specific. I just have a very ominous feeling. This place, Wind Flower... every part of me is screaming that we are in danger."

Sunny's eyes widened slightly.

The wording had changed a little, but it was almost exactly the same response.

'...How?'

While Nephis and Cassie went about locating the direction where Effie supposedly was with the help of the Guiding Light, he observed them without saying anything. His mind was strangely split between two extremes - one part of it had turned cold and analytical, driven into a heightened state of utmost vigilance.

The other... the other was shaken and distraught, still reeling from the agony of dying to the ghostly blade. The shock of remembering his harrowing demise was so visceral that Sunny wanted nothing more than to topple to the deck and curl into a shivering ball.

Perhaps he had only managed to remain standing because he was frozen stiff.

"Sunny? Let's go... if you don't mind."

He flinched and glanced at Nephis.

She was already leaping over the railing. Still slow to react, Sunny watched as Cassie awkwardly climbed on top of Nightmare and settled in the saddle. With her small stature, it was not that easy to accomplish.

'...I should adjust the stirrups.'

That ordinary thought finally broke his dazed state. Commanding his Shadows to disembark, he walked over to the edge of the deck and jumped down.

He was the last one to set foot on the white sand of the misty beach.

'I really seem to have traveled to the past. Or is it an illusion? Then again, that vision of death might have been an illusion instead. A vision... did I receive a prophetic vision meant for Cassie, somehow?'

His mind was in turmoil.

...Which was why Sunny flinched and took a step back when a human figure suddenly revealed itself from the fog. He had completely forgotten about the Sin of Solace.

'Right... that bastard scared me the last time, too. Now he's going to glare at me silently.'

The Sin of Solace did, indeed, glared at him silently for a moment.

But then, the apparition smirked and said in a contemptuous tone:

"You know... I am actually starting to enjoy this. Let's go for another round, shall we?"

Sunny looked at him in surprise. Apart from minute changes that had happened because of his inaction, this was the first thing that went differently than how it had in the... in the previous round.

A slight frown appeared on Sunny's face.

'Why is the bastard the only exception to the rule?'

Walking past the apparition, he said quietly:

"Sure. Let's go for another round."

The wraith stared at him in surprise.

As they advanced through the mist, discovered the line of footsteps in the sand, and continued toward the cliffs, Sunny was thinking feverishly.

'Is it an illusion, or have I really traveled in time? If it's the latter... then why? And what do I do now that I have?'

There was too much to think about, and not enough time. His mental state was in shambles, as well. Sunny vaguely realized that he was still in shock, but didn't know what to do about it. He was probably missing a lot of vital things in this rattled condition.

For example...

Suddenly, Sunny felt incredibly cold.

'H-how... how have I not thought about that?!'

They were already ascending the stone steps... which meant that Jet was going to be attacked by Undying Slaughter in a matter of minutes. Seconds?

'Curse it!'

His mind ignited.

Thinking as fast and best as he could, Sunny cursed himself for being such a fool. He wasted almost an entire hour trying to understand why he had been sent into the past instead of considering how to deal with the future!

Even if he was in shock after having his soul torn apart and dying in agony, there was no excuse.

'What do I do now?'

He remembered his naive thoughts bitterly. He would pull through again, somehow? It was just another gamble?

'It seems I have finally become arrogant.'

And paid a heavy price for it. The heaviest price there could be.

'Doesn't matter! There's no time to feel regret, I need to decide what to do now!'

A small, cowardly part of him instantly had an answer. The safest thing to do was to abandon Jet and save himself from having to face Undying Slaughter. He knew that he would die in that clearing... so why go there at all?

But even knowing the danger...

He couldn't let Jet die.

'Go there and fight, then?'

It was not such a foolish thought. The reason why Sunny had lost the last time around was because he had dove into the battle blind and without making any preparations. Now, however, he knew exactly what enemy he would be facing... and although there was very little time left before the clash, he could at least prepare a few things.

'I still don't know enough about Undying Slaughter.'

Fighting her now would be unwise. But he did not really need to... all he had to do was grab Jet and run.

At that point, the shadow he had sent to scout ahead finally heard it. The sound of clashing steel, followed by Soul Reaper's pained scream.

Sunny gritted his teeth.

'L-let's... let's do this.'

**********


                                Chapter 1405 Undone
--------------------
Dismissing the Sin of Solace, Sunny called upon the Cruel Sight and looked at Nephis. There was no time to explain everything, but he still had to warn them in advance. What to say? How would he even explain a situation like that? Not finding any good words, Sunny just said what came to mind:

"I... found Jet. She is being attacked by a powerful enemy - a wraith-like creature capable of dealing damage directly to our souls. I'll try to get Jet and retreat... prepare for battle!"

Before she had time to respond, Sunny already dove into the shadows.

'The reason I died was because I lost the initiative by not knowing the nature of the enemy and not having the correct weapon to deal with a wraith immediately at hand. Most importantly, I failed to realize that my shadows would be vulnerable to Undying Slaughter's attacks, as well.'

He had dodged the first attack of the Defiled without too much trouble. It was unknown which one of them would have lost in the end after the Cruel Sight had manifested itself... in a normal fight. However, Undying Slaughter had moved to destroy his shadows first.

It was no surprise that she had known just how to kill him in one fell swoop... after all, the mist wraith was most likely a Defiled version of Soul Reaper Jet using her future Transformation Ability. Jet knew a lot about his Aspect, and the future Jet would have known even more.

That had been Sunny's undoing.

After a vast part of his soul had been destroyed, he was in no condition to put up any further resistance. So, he died miserably on his knees.

This time was going to be different.

First, he had already summoned the Cruel Sight.

Second, he would protect his shadows.

And lastly, he knew a lot about Jet's Aspect, as well.

Stepping out of the shadow, he wrapped it around his body and dashed toward the clearing.

'The Dormant Ability allows her to absorb the essence of living beings she kills. The Awakened Ability allows her to strike directly at the souls of her enemies, bypassing all forms of physical defense. The Ascended Ability allows her to increase the size and capacity of her shattered soul core, as well as removing the limit on how much essence she can use to enhance her body.'

Sunny did not know how ancient Undying Slaughter really was... how distant was the future she had come from. However, her Frankenstein's monster of a soul core would have already reached an enormous size, considering how many people the Six Plagues had slaughtered. She was powerful...

He also did not know much about her Transcendent Ability. It was most likely how Undying Slaughter had attacked him in the form of a wraith, but the details of her Transformation were unclear.

'I should be able to get through this, as long as I'm careful.'

...Or not.

Bursting from the line of trees, Sunny ignited the silver blade of the Cruel Sight with divine flames and dashed toward where Jet was laying on the ground, her blood pouring into the moss.

As he kneeled in front of her, tense and ready to fight, she opened her icy blue eyes and looked at him weakly. Her lips moved.

"Don't speak. I know."

'Now.'

Sunny did not have to kneel and show his back to the enemy. However... if he had the opportunity to fool Undying Slaughter into thinking that she had the upper hand, it would be criminal not to use it.

Sensing an almost imperceptible disturbance in the mist, he shot to his feet and lashed out with the radiant blade of the Cruel Sight. There was a vague figure hidden in the fog, already moving to attack him - caught by surprise, it had no chance to avoid the sudden strike.

...And yet, it did.

'Fast...'

Sunny pulled back his spear and froze, tensely observing the mist. Despite the fact that their roles had reversed, and he was the one to deliver an unexpected attack, the end result was the same. Undying Slaughter had dissipated into the fog, and he was left not knowing where the next blow would come from.

Or he would have, if not for the fact that he knew the future.

'Wrong.'

Sunny knew what would have happened, not what would happen. Him changing the opening exchange of the battle could have changed what Undying Slaughter would do, as well. He still had to be careful.

However, the next few seconds went just as they had before.

The mist wraith did not attack him again, hiding and waiting... until the happy shadow flew from behind the trees and rushed toward its master.

Sunny remembered the harrowing agony of having his soul torn apart and felt his hair stand on end. The mist swirled, and the wraith hiding within it moved to intercept the swift shadow.

'D-damn it...'

Even knowing what was about to come, he couldn't suppress his fear.

Undying Slaughter brought its ghostly blade down... but before it could plunge into the shadow, it was met by another blade.

This one made of pure darkness.

As two ruby flames ignited in the depths of his shadow, Saint deflected the wraith's blow and stepped into the clearing.

"Blade of Darkness" Ability Description: [The true darkness dwelling in this Shadow's heart can be summoned in the form of a fearsome weapon, as long as the Shadow has mastered the use of that weapon. The Blade of Darkness can slay those of flesh and those of spirit; it never dulls, never falters, and never breaks. Alternatively, the darkness can be summoned to augment a mundane weapon.]

Saint's dark sword could cut both tangible and intangible enemies, just like the Cruel Sight could. More than that, she was immune to soul damage... which made his taciturn Shadow an almost perfect adversary for the hateful mist wraith.

Even if Undying Slaughter was a Defiled Transcendent like the Mad Prince was, Saint was a Transcendent Devil. Their power... at least theoretically... was on par.

Or so Sunny hoped.

Faced with the dark blade, the mist wraith glided back. The next moment, a second shadow appeared in the clearing. Fiend jumped out of it, infernal flames burning in his eyes.

The happy shadow wrapped itself around the graceful stone knight, while the gloomy one wrapped itself around the steel ogre. Sunny himself was augmented by the other three.

Undying Slaughter was caught in the middle of a triangle formed by Saint, Fiend, and Sunny.

'Let's see who will die now.'

Forcing himself to grin, Sunny gripped the Cruel Sight tighter and dashed forward.

**********


                                Chapter 1406 Undying
--------------------
Sunny waited for a moment, then slowly straightened and looked around. The Chain Breaker was laying on white sand, tilted awkwardly.

'Damnation!'

His trembling fist collided with the railing and splintered the enchanted wood. He didn't feel the pain.

'Curse it! Curse it all!'

"Sunny? Are you alright?"

Sunny lingered for a moment, took a labored breath, then looked himself over and slowly turned to Nephis.

His voice sounded hoarse:

"...Yes. It seems that I am."

In the end... he still lost to Undying Slaughter.

The odds seemed to be in his favor. He successfully avoided having his shadows destroyed, summoned Saint and Fiend, and managed to wrestle the initiative from the ghostly claws of the mist wraith.

However, the battle did not go how he had hoped it would. It ended in disaster, just like the previous time.

Sunny had been almost certain that Saint would be immune to Undying Slaughter's soul attacks. And it turned out to be true... somewhat. It seemed that she could withstand much more damage than the rest of them, but even then, the ghostly blade was just as lethal to the taciturn knight as it was to Sunny and Fiend.

The reason, as he belatedly realized, was the unique nature of Jet's Aspect. Her attacks bypassed physical defenses and struck the soul... and yet, they were not true soul attacks. Instead, they were physical attacks that inexplicably dealt damage to the soul.

How was one supposed to defend against that?

The mightier one's soul was, the more it took to destroy it. Other than enduring the damage or avoiding being hit entirely, there was no other way... at least none that he knew of.

Sadly, it was easier said than done. Saint's sword and the Cruel Sight were capable of blocking the ghostly blade of Undying Slaughter, but actually withstanding her dreadful assault was almost impossible. The mist wraith was astonishingly swift, devastatingly strong, and insidiously cunning on top of that.

She was a truly abominable creature... and an inexplicable one, too. Sunny had just enough time to catch a glimpse of what hid in the darkness of her defiled soul, and what he saw left him reeling.

Undying Slaughter could be called a Corrupted Beast, since there was only one node of vile darkness infesting her soul. But that node... was truly colossal in size, dwarfing any other corruption core he had even seen before. So, her actual power could very well be equal to a Terror or a Titan.

Still... faced with Saint's resilient soul and two weapons that could both block and damage intangible beings, Undying Slaughter was at least forced to change tactics. After clashing with them a few times, the mist wraith silently discarded her ghostly form, turning back into a corporeal creature.

If Sunny had ever had any doubt that the Six Plagues were the future version of the members of the cohort, they were instantly dispelled at that moment. Undying Slaughter looked more like a revenant, both dreadful and dreadfully beautiful, than a human being... but there was no way he could fail to recognize those icy blue eyes, that chilling presence, and the ruthless way in which she fought.

She was truly Soul Reaper Jet... or rather, had been once.

Undying Slaughter might have been Jet once, but there was nothing human left in her merciless, mad eyes anymore.

Once she assumed a corporeal form, Sunny was thrown into despair.

His plan to stall the abomination while Fiend retreated with the real Jet was shattered almost instantly. Undying Slaughter read his intentions like an open book, and not only made following the plan impossible, but also cruelly turned it against Sunny.

The initiative he had so arduously won was immediately lost when the revenant aimed all her attacks at Jet instead of him, Saint, or Fiend. Forced to protect the gravely wounded companion, they had no choice but to follow her cadence and fall under her control.

It was a simple, but viciously effective strategy.

Considering how skilled, explosively fast, and terrifyingly strong Undying Slaughter was, the rest of the battle did not take long.

...Fiend's carapace of black silver, which Sunny considered nearly indestructible, was eventually pierced and violently split open, the infernal flames spilling out of horrid wounds like blood. The ravenous ogre collapsed with a frightened, confused howl and grew still.

Saint's stone armor was shattered, her limbs were broken. Ruby dust flowed like a river, and although the taciturn knight tried to stand her ground, the ghostly blade eventually found its way into the narrow crack of her visor. The crimson glow of her ruby eyes was extinguished, and Saint crumbled to the ground, lifeless.

The Spell announced her death mournfully.

Sunny thought that he would be next... but Undying Slaughter was not that kind.

She made him watch Jet die before delivering the fatal blow.

Back on the deck of the Chain Breaker, he closed his eyes.

'How... how can anyone fight that thing?'

"I'm fine. I can still put up a fight."

Sunny flinched and looked up.

Nephis must have mistaken the reason for his grim expression and repeated her usual words... it was just a coincidence.

Suddenly, he felt a strange sense of incongruity. Mere seconds ago, Sunny had been fighting for his life, watching his Shadows die in fear and sorrow. He had watched Jet die, as well.

He had even died himself... again.

And yet, Nephis and Cassie were behaving as if nothing had happened.

Well... it had not, for them.

Sunny understood that, but he still couldn't help but feel ashamed, angry, and resentful.

He lingered for a few moments, and then forced out a smile.

"...Yeah. I can still put up a fight, too."

He smiled widened slightly, growing both darker and more sincere.

It was true.

Sunny might have lost to Undying Slaughter again, but he acquired something extremely valuable from that loss.

Looking around, he took in the sight of the swirling mist, white sand, and the black cliffs.

'So I'm back again...'

What he received was truly precious.

It was the knowledge that his strange return to the past was not a one-time thing.

Which meant that he was not done fighting.

**********


                                Chapter 1407 Moving in a Circle
--------------------
Giving him a nod, Nephis went about asking Cassie to use the Guiding Light to locate Effie. Sunny, meanwhile, remained motionless. He was somewhat lost in thought.

'First of all... stay calm.'

His behavior up until now had been nothing short of embarrassing. Of course, there were extenuating circumstances. During his first... round?... Sunny had been barely conscious of the fact that time was repeating itself. During the second try, he was still reeling and in shock from dying gruesomely at the hands of Undying Slaughter.

But this was his third attempt - this time, he had to maintain his composure and not lose control.

'...No, not quite right.'

Who was to say that this attempt was his third? It was only the third attempt since he had become aware of the fact that everything was repeating itself. There was no telling how many times he had died before that.

Still deep in thought, Sunny glanced at Nephis and Cassie. He remained motionless for a few moments, then silently walked over to Nightmare and adjusted the stirrups of the Overpriced Saddle to make it easier for the blind girl to mount.

Soon, they abandoned the ship and stepped on the white sand of the misty beach. Sunny walked in the back, looking down with a somber expression on his face. He did not react in any way when the Sin of Solace suddenly appeared from the fog.

The sword wraith stared at him mockingly.

"Calling the Shadows? Shame the only thing you achieved was getting them killed... like you get everyone else who follows you killed. Hey, here's an idea! How about you ask Nephis and Cassia for help next?"

Sunny spared him a grim look, causing the Sin of Solace to cover his mouth with a hand theatrically.

"Ah. I've said a bit too much, haven't I?"

Sunny looked away.

'It is as I thought.'

It seemed that the sword wraith had become aware of the fact that time was repeating itself long before Sunny. What was it that the Sin of Solace had said the last time?

'I am actually starting to enjoy this. Let's go for another round, shall we?'

Back then, Sunny had only paid attention to the fact that the wraith was behaving differently from the past, unlike everyone else. But now, it was clear that the apparition had already known about the twisted nature of time on Wind Flower.

Come to think of it...

Had it not been the inconsistency of how the Sin of Solace behaved that first alerted Sunny to the anomaly? The wraith had stared at Sunny silently, and he turned to ask if the bastard was not going to say anything. The odd feeling that eventually allowed him to realize the truth started gnawing at him after that.

'The time... is repeating itself...'

Sunny looked into the fog.

A few moments later, he sighed deeply.

'...I'm such a fool.'

The Great River was a river of time. Wind Flower was surrounded by a mystical whirlpool... and what did whirlpools do? They spun. The water caught in them revolved in a circle.

So, the time here must have revolved in a circle, too. Forming a loop.

It was an outlandish theory, but not an entirely baseless one.

In fact, it could explain a few things. Why the ancient stone steps did not look weathered at all, for example. How Effie and Jet could have survived an entire year on this island despite their Flaws...

'...Wait.'

If Effie and Jet were caught in a loop of repeating time here on Wind Flower... then was Undying Slaughter caught in it, too? She had not shown any signs of knowing what Sunny would do in advance. Which meant that she did not know about the loop - and therefore, had no means of escaping it.

How had one of the dreaded Six Plagues ended up being trapped here?

More importantly, why was Sunny the only one who seemed to be aware of the loop?

His frowned. After a few moments, his eyes widened slightly.

'It's not me. It's... it's the Sin of Solace.'

The sword wraith seemed to have been aware of the loop from the very beginning. He was somehow immune to forgetting the events of every previous revolution... was it because the cursed sword was innately tied to truth and revelations, which it was supposed to grant its mad wielder?

Sunny was not particularly mad, but the Sin of Solace was a part of his mind... a splintered and twisted one, but a part nevertheless. Was it possible that he had slowly become contaminated by the knowledge the sword wraith possessed, somehow? Or that the awareness of the loop was one of the revelations of madness granted to him by the cursed sword?

Sunny did not know the exact reason, but he was certain that it was because of the Sin of Solace that he had become aware of the circular nature of time on Wind Flower.

His thoughts turned somber.

'The "how" and "why" are clear. Now what?'

Undying Slaughter was far more fearsome than Sunny had expected. He had lost to her bitterly...

Which was not to say that he could not win.

If Sunny entered the battle with Nephis, Nightmare, Cassie, and her Echoes... if he prepared better...

He would still probably lose and watch everyone die. For the first few times, at least... few dozen times? Few hundred times?

If the loop was infinite, it did not matter. Sooner or later, he would learn enough and find a way to kill Undying Slaughter.

But was the loop really infinite?

And even if it was, what would killing Undying Slaughter even achieve?

She would come back to life as soon as the next revolution started, just like Sunny had been coming back to life.

His face suddenly paled.

'Is it all... meaningless?'

Fighting Undying Slaughter, saving Jet, searching for Effie... it was indeed meaningless if he did not know a way to escape the loop.

But was it even possible to escape it?

'It has to be.'

The Serpent King had come to Wind Flower and returned, after all. There was a way, so Sunny just had to find it.

First and foremost, he needed information. How did the loop function? What were its boundaries? When did time terminate and turn back? And much, much more.

'I need to learn all kinds of stuff.'

The future... promised to be rather interesting.

And incredibly tiring.

Sunny shuddered, imagining how many more times he was going to die.

**********


                                Chapter 1408 Closest Path
--------------------
By the time the three of them reached the line of footsteps in the sand, Sunny had formulated a rough plan of what he had to do during this particular revolution.

Well... it wasn't much of a plan. There were too many paths he could take, so he simply chose one that was the closest. Jet was not that far, and had to know more about what was happening on the island than he did. So, Sunny was determined to find her before Undying Slaughter did.

He was not enthused about the idea of fighting the dreadful wraith again so soon. Luckily, there was a high possibility that he could snatch Jet and escape without exchanging a single blow with the Defiled.

'What I need right now is not strength, but speed.'

Sunny glanced at Nephis and Cassie.

He would have to share his knowledge with his companions sooner or later, without a doubt. Just imagining that conversation made him uncomfortable, though.

It was a rather bizarre thing to say to someone, that they had been living the same hour over and over again without ever realizing it.

'I'll tell them the next time... hopefully, there will be a next time.'

Sunny suspected that the loop was endless - it should have existed for as long as the colossal whirlpool existed, which had already been hundreds of years - but he couldn't be sure. So, for now, he had to treat each revolution as if it was the last one.

'I'll tell them after I'm back, then.'

Sadly, he had already wasted a lot of time coming to this realization, so there was none of it left for lengthy explanations.

Noticing his intense gaze, Nephis looked at him and raised an eyebrow.

Sunny hesitated for a few moments, considering his words carefully, then opened his mouth and said just three of them:

"Aster, Song, Vale."

Her expression changed slightly, becoming darker and more intense. It was not exactly the same murderous reaction as she had showed on the Ashen Barrow, but Sunny still felt a little uncomfortable.

Nephis frowned.

"Why..."

She paused for a moment, then took a deep breath.

"Are we under a mind hex again?"

Sunny shook his head.

"No. But... something similar. Right now, I need you two to not ask questions and do what I tell you. Can you do that?"

Cassie had turned around in the saddle, a troubled expression appearing on her face. She remained silent, though, waiting for Nephis to speak.

Neph stared at him for a few long moments, then nodded slowly.

"Alright."

Sunny sighed with relief. He knew that she trusted him... but blindly trusting someone was not easy. It was even harder to suppress one's curiosity.

Personally, he would have had a lot of trouble both with the former and the latter.

He forced out a smile.

"Good. Then return to the ship and hide. Stay safe until I return."

Sunny had no idea if returning to the Chain Breaker was indeed safe... but it was the best temporary solution he could come up with.

Turning to Cassie, he added:

"I'll need Nightmare."

The blind girl swiftly dismounted, allowing him to hop into the saddle. Looking down, Sunny lingered for a moment, then commanded Saint and Fiend to protect his companions.

A moment later, he was galloping through the fog.

He wanted to avoid fighting Undying Slaughter, which meant that he would not need his combat Shadows. If he still ended up facing the mist wraith, summoning them to him would take only a couple of moments.

'Faster!'

Nightmare, however, was the fastest of his followers... his speed was far superior to even Sunny's own, as well as that of his shadows. To find Jet and bring her away from the misty forest unscathed, Sunny would need his steed the most.

He sent all five shadows to augment the dark destrier.

The two of them flew along the line of lonesome footprints, swiftly approaching the wall of black cliffs. The black stallion scaled the stone steps without ever slowing down, his adamantine hooves sending sparks flying from the black rock, the melodious staccato traveling through the mist like the rumble of war drums.

Soon, they entered the forest.

Sunny was way ahead of the previous revolution... Jet should not have entered the clearing yet, so she could be anywhere. That was a problem, considering that he did not dare send his shadows to scout anymore.

'Quite a predicament...'

He could use the Silver Bell to point Jet in his direction... the problem was that Undying Slaughter would recognize its ringing as well. Not to mention that there were most likely other deadly creatures on the island.

It was a shame that the Guiding Light pointed to Effie, but not Jet. Otherwise, Sunny would have taken it with him.

Nightmare reached the clearing where Sunny had died the last two times - or however many times it really was - and crossed it in the blink of an eye.

'She shouldn't have come from the direction of the beach, so the most logical choice is to continue toward the tower.'

The fog veiled everything, making the world appear only a couple dozen meters wide.

'Damn it!'

He could stumble on Jet at any moment... however, he could also stumble on Undying Slaughter at any moment.

Sunny was hesitating to send his shadow in all directions, after all, when he suddenly smelled it.

The stench of blood.

Following his mental command, Nightmare slowed down, and then came to a halt. Sunny looked around, inhaling the wisps of mist, then sent his steed toward a particular tree.

The ancient pine reached further than he could see, but there, on its bark, was a spot much darker than the rest of it. A bloody handprint, as if someone wounded had leaned on the tree trunk.

He spun in the saddle and finally noticed another bloody print.

That gave him a direction to follow.

...Coincidentally, that direction led back toward the now-distant clearing.

Sending Nightmare into a gallop, Sunny feverishly took in his surroundings. Despite the fact that the trunks of the tall pines were flying past him with terrible speed, he still managed to notice the marks. Sometimes, there were bloody handprints on the trees. Sometimes, there were drops of blood on the ground.

Sunny guided his steed to follow the bloody trail.

And then, finally...

A human figure appeared from the fog, leaning heavily on a tree. She was hunched and pale as a ghost, but her glaive was raised, ready to attack.

He heard a hoarse whisper:

"Come get me, wench..."

It was Jet.

A moment later, the image of an infernal black stallion appearing from the mist reflected in the icy depths of her piercing blue eyes, with a rider in a flying black mantle leaning low in the saddle.

Her pupils widened in astonishment.

"S-Sunny?"

Extending a hand in Jet's direction, he shouted:

"No time to explain!"

Her hesitation lasted only for a split second.

Dropping the glaive to the ground, Jet reached out with her own bloodied hand. Grabbing it, Sunny pulled. A moment later, Soul Reaper was sitting right behind him, clutching onto the folds of Ananke's Mantle.

The glaive disappeared into a rain of sparks.

Sunny commanded Nightmare to get the hell out of the misty forest as soon as possible. As the Shadow carried the two Masters away, Jet leaned forward and asked in a pained voice:

"I'm... not complaining... but... how the hell are you here?"

He grinned.

'What a complicated question.'

"How else? I came on a ship!"

**********


                                Chapter 1409 Covering the Tracks
--------------------
Sunny did not guide Nightmare directly back to the Chain Breaker. He had managed to follow Jet's bloody trail, after all, so Undying Slaughter would most likely be able to, as well. Since Sunny did not want to lead her to Nephis and Cassie, he had to cover their tracks first.

The problem was, he didn't really know how to do it. Tracking was one of the basic skills taught during the Wilderness Survival course, which obviously covered covering the tracks as well. But... he needed to know the capabilities of the enemy to know how to hide from them, and Undying Slaughter was still largely a mystery.

Remembering the line of footprints leading to the edge of the island, Sunny hesitated for a few moments, then turned his steed to the left. They were still moving in the general direction of the cliffs, but to a point far removed from the stone steps.

With winds whistling in his ears, Sunny raised his voice slightly:

"Where's Effie?"

There was a lot he had to ask and tell Jet, but this question was the most important. He both dreaded and couldn't wait to hear the answer.

She remained silent for a moment, probably wondering how he knew that the two of them had been together, then said in a stifled tone:

"...I'm not sure. We were separated in the vortex."

Sunny's expression fell. He gritted his teeth, then forced himself to calm down.

'It's alright.'

It was better than alright, really. Judging from Jet's words, Effie was most likely still alive. The loop had even conveniently solved the dire problem of her Flaw. Here on Wind Flower, he would never starve to death.

Sunny hesitated for a moment.

'...Can this be why Undying Slaughter is here, too?'

The mist wraith possessed the same Flaw as Jet, which meant that she had to kill in order to survive. That might have been fine back when the forces of the Defilement were besieging the cities of the sybils. But now that these cities were gone, what was there for Undying Slaughter to... slaughter?

"Sunny, I need to warn you. I'm being pursued by..."

Jet's voice was pained and hoarse. The corner of his mouth twitched.

"I know. Let's talk later... for now, hold on tight."

Just then, Nightmare reached the border of the forest. Escaping the line of tall trees, the black stallion rushed across the narrow strip of empty land between the forest and the edge of the cliffs. His hooves left a line of prints in the soft moss.

Reaching the very edge, the dark destrier did not slow down at all. Instead, he accelerated even more... and leapt forward, soaring high into the air above the hidden chasm of the dark abyss.

Jet let out a stunned yelp.

Dismissing the Shadow, Sunny spun, grabbed onto her, and summoned the Dark Wing. Before the momentum of Nightmare's leap fully dissipated, the translucent cloak manifested on his back and turned into a blur. The two of them glided down slowly, moving along the surface of the weathered black rock.

Sunny felt his arm, which supported Jet's back, become soaked in blood. His expression darkened. He had not noticed before, but there were more wounds on her body than he thought.

Soul Reaper grimaced, enduring the pain, and then said with a bit of dark amusement:

"You... really know how to make a girl squeal, don't you, Sunny?"

He froze for a moment, mortified. A terrible despair grasped his heart with icy claws.

'No, no... it can't be!'

He knew this feeling.

Had Jet... spent too much time with Effie?

Had she been corrupted by that vulgar, foulmouthed lecher?!

'Damn it all!'

Uttering a quiet curse, he adjusted the direction of their flight and answered through gritted teeth:

"I... guess."

Despite her pained expression, Soul Reaper let out a laugh.

They were rather far away from the misty beach, so it took a while to glide back to it. Sunny had to approach the cliffs and push them up a few times, afraid that they'll fall beneath the island. However, the wall of black rock gave away eventually, and they entered the familiar bay.

Landing on the white sand, Sunny put Jet down and supported her. His gaze was a bit worried.

"Can you walk?"

She nodded.

"It's alright. That thing didn't get me too bad. So, I'll... live."

Jet grinned.

She was not going to bleed to death, anyway... in the worst case, she would just revert to a more corpse-like state. Sunny studied her for a few moments, then nodded.

"Let's go, then. Our ship is not far from here."

They walked into the fog.

Soon after, they were in the main cargo hold of the Chain Breaker. The air here smelled of blood, but Jet looked much better - even though Nephis had not recovered enough essence to use her healing powers yet, both she and Cassie possessed Memories capable of treating small wounds.

It was one of the benefits of belonging to a great clan.

Jet had dismissed the upper part of her armor and was sitting on a crate, her torso wrapped in bandages. There was a generous amount of food on another crate in front of her, as well as fruit juice and freshly brewed tea. She was devouring the improvised meal voraciously.

Crow Crow was sitting on her shoulder, seemingly enraptured and glued to his master. From time to time, Jet absentmindedly fed it a piece of fruit.

Nothing had found and attacked the beached ship yet, but Sunny was still tense. At the same time... he felt incredibly relieved. It was so reassuring to have Jet here with him, alive and relatively unscathed.

Nephis and Cassie seemed elated, too, even if they weren't as close with the infamous government Master. Their group of three had become a group of four.

'Good...'

Another great thing about bringing Jet back was that Sunny was going to have an easier time explaining things to everyone.

When she seemed to have satiated her hunger, somewhat, he leaned forward and said:

"Alright. Now, I'll try to explain a few things."

**********


                                Chapter 1410 River Nomads
--------------------
The three women looked at him expectedly. Sunny hesitated for a few moments.

"You know where we are, right, Jet? In general, I mean."

Taking the cup of tea and cradling it in her hands, she nodded.

"Yeah... we are inside that weird pyramid. Somehow. This place is the Great River, which is supposed to flow endlessly from the future into the past."

He sighed in relief. It seemed that Effie and Jet had learned a few things about the nature of the Third Nightmare, as well.

"Indeed. Because of the nature of the Great River, there are all kinds of strange things happening to time in this Nightmare. For example... Nephis and I have been here for about four months now. But Cassie has been here for more than a year."

Nephis and Cassie nodded calmly, since they had already known that fact. Jet, however, seemed perplexed.

"What?"

Sunny looked at her, lingered for a moment, and said:

"Yeah. What about you?"

Soul Reaper suddenly seemed uncertain. He touched her hair briefly, then blinked a couple times.

"About... two months? Effie and I were sent to the same place, two months ago."

This time, it was Neph's and Cassie's turn to look stunned.

"How can that be?"

Sunny smiled faintly.

"I'll explain in a bit. But first, Jet... can you tell us what has happened to you two?"

She took a sip of tee, then smiled back at him.

"Sure. Why not?"

Jet's icy blue eye grew a little distant.

"The three of you must know more about this place than we do. Look, you even have a ship! Effie and I... we weren't that lucky. The people whose roles we've taken belonged to a tribe of river nomads. Their ancestors were the survivors of one of the destroyed cities, I think, but these guys... they had already regressed into abject savagery. Which is not that surprising, really, considering how they lived."

She sighed.

"The river nomads did not have a place to live, constantly migrating instead. They rode sea creatures as steeds and hunted weaker abominations for sustenance. When Defiled or powerful Nightmare Creatures appeared, they ran. Actually, their way of life was really ingenious... and tenacious. I have never even thought that it was possible, for humans to live entirely in the water without ever stepping foot on land."

Cassie tilted her head a little, confused.

"These nomads... they were Riverborn?"

Sunny was confused, too. How could Riverborn lead nomadic lives? Weren't they bound to a span of the Great River they were born on?

Jet nodded somberly.

"Yeah. That was why they regressed that much, that quickly. The nomads lived very short lives, you see. No generation lasted more than a couple of decades. They rarely remained as children for more than a year or two, and were expected to join the hunts immediately after. If there was danger, the older generation was sacrificed to let the younger one escape. Even if there was no danger, they had to follow the abominations they could hunt. So..."

She shook her head.

"They might have looked like adults, but in reality, it was a tribe where no one ever reached adulthood. They were all ignorant, savage kids."

Soul Reaper leaned back, fed her crow Echo a grape, and grimaced.

"Well, by the time Effie and I came around, it could barely be called a tribe. There were maybe a dozen people left. All the other nomad tribes seemed to have gone extinct already, as well. We were most likely the last."

Her expression darkened slightly.

"So, we tried to keep them alive and find out where we were, what was happening, and how to conquer the Nightmare. It took us some time to learn how to live the lives of the Great River nomads. In the process, we also learned from the surviving tribesmen about the Tomb of Ariel, the Great River, the Defilement, and the fall of the River Cities. Oh... and we fought plenty of Nightmare Creatures. Well, I did, at least."

Jet stretched and then winced, briefly touching one of her bandages.

"Everything went if not well, then at least alright until we stumbled on an especially powerful swarm of the Drowned. Our tribe... at that point, there were no children among the nomads anymore, so there was not even a point in trying to run. In the battle, everyone was killed. Only Effie and I managed to escape."

Sunny noted that Jet and Effie remained Outsiders despite having taken the roles of two Riverborn people. It was an interesting fact.

Meanwhile, she shrugged and continued:

"Usually, our mounts would have been fast enough to give a slip to most enemies, but the Drowned pursued us relentlessly, as if it was their life's mission to obliterate all nomads. The sea creatures we rode had also been wounded in the battle, so they were gradually slowing down. After about a week of running away and fighting pitched battles with those bastards, we got lost in the mist, and then sucked into this whirlpool. I only managed to send my Echo out, hoping against all hope that Crow Crow would manage to find one of you."

Soul Reaper looked at the black bird and smiled. Then, her smile faded slowly.

"Effie and I were separated while trying to reach the island. And here we are, I guess."

Nephis glanced at Cassie, then frowned a little.

"What do you mean? How long have you been here?"

Jet looked at her with surprise.

'There, the moment of truth.'

She scratched her head.

"A couple hours? I landed, tried to search for Effie, and got lost in the mist. Then, that thing attacked me... I managed to flee, but she would have probably finished me off soon if not for Sunny. Talk about a prince on a white horse... who needs one when there's a pauper on a black horse, right?"

Soul Reaper grinned and downed the rest of her tea in one gulp. A satisfied expression appeared on her face.

Nephis and Cassie, meanwhile, seemed troubled. The blind girl frowned:

"But how is it possible? Your Echo arrived at Fallen Grace many months ago."

Jet stared at her, bewildered.

"What? Wait... I thought that you guys were already on the island. Wasn't that why Crow Crow was able to find Sunny so fast?

Cassie shook her head.

"No... we only ventured to find Wind Flower after learning that the two of you were here."

Soul Reaper leaned back.

"That doesn't make any sense."

Everyone grew quiet, failing to understand the strange discrepancy.

In that silence, Sunny finally spoke:

"It's because time moves in a circle on this island."

**********

