Shadow Slave - PART 149
Chapters 1481 to 1490
==============================


                                Chapter 1481 Emergency Repairs
--------------------
1481 Emergency Repairs

The Chain Breaker was assaulted by hurricane winds as it plummeted into the heart of the colossal whirlpool. Nephis had yet to run out of essence, so their fall was controlled… for now.

However, that would change soon.

Sunny was still overwhelmed by the destruction of Aletheia's Island. Shaking off his reverie, he took a deep breath and forced himself to move.

All across the flying vessel, deep shadows stirred and surged forward, turning into inky-black hands. The manifested shadows pulled on the ropes, unfurling the horizontal sails. Those sails extended from both sides of the ship and were meant to help it glide on the winds.

At the same time, he nervously looked down.

…All Sunny could see was darkness.

It was not the true darkness that his sight had never been able to penetrate. Instead, the abyssal chasm was simply so deep for him to see anything.

'Great…'

By now, the slopes of the vortex had almost turned vertical. It was as if the Chain Breaker was surrounded by a vast wall of dark water, its current so fast that its surface was like a blur. At first, the dreadful maw of the whirlpool was dozens of kilometers wide, but the further they descended, the narrower it became.

Eventually, it was as if the Chain Breaker had entered a twisting vertical tunnel that was just a few kilometers in diameter. They were surrounded by absolute darkness, with only a scattering of lanterns illuminating the deck. It was like a small island of light in an ocean of nothingness. No one except for Sunny could see the spinning walls of the tunnel… which was, perhaps, for the best.

He knew that if the ship touched the water, it would be torn apart by the tremendous pressure of the current.

'What the hell am I thinking? It's not for the best! Not at all!'

The Chain Breaker was falling vertically, for now, but it was only possible because Neph was still empowering its enchantments with her essence. Once her essence ran dry, they would have to move in a wide spiral along the watery walls of the tunnel to keep the ship balanced. Otherwise, it would be too easy for it to roll and overturn.

By then, not seeing where the darkness ended, and the furious current began, would be lethal.

Even worse, the tunnel was not strictly vertical. Looking down, Sunny could see it twisting and turning, like a descending tornado.

He gritted his teeth.

"Damnation…"

Could they even survive in this abyss without the Chain Breaker's enchantments?

He turned to look at the stern of the ship, where Nephis was struggling with the steering oars, but at that moment, Cassie's voice reached his ears:

"Sunny! Here!"

The blind girl was standing near the entrance to the main cargo hold, waving at him. Her voice sounded urgent.

Sunny hesitated for a few moments, then rushed to her side.

"What is it?"

She pulled him into the cargo hold, a grim expression on her face.

"I need your help… or rather, your Shadow's help. Summon her and make her as strong as possible. Please!"

Somewhat confused, Sunny lingered for a second, then called upon Saint and sent all six of his shadows to augment her. As soon as the taciturn knight appeared, her onyx armor shone with dark radiance, and a feeling of oppressive might emanated from her graceful figure.

Down in the cargo hold, various objects were neatly laid out on the wooden floor. There were amphorae containing strange liquids, brushes, stone etchings of complicated runes, mortars, and items that Sunny did not even know how to describe.

Most glaringly of all… the black stone from the hidden chamber of Aletheia's Tower was also there, illuminated by the faint radiance of the Guiding Light.

He gave Cassie a long look.

"What's this?"

The blind girl was already walking toward the black stone.

"We spent a lot of time inside the loop. Most of it was occupied by trying to escape… but I had plenty of time to think, as well. About how to repair the enchantment circuit of the Chain Breaker, in particular."

She stopped and pointed at the chunk of black rock.

"I need you to help me shatter it. I tried to do it myself… but I'm not strong enough."

Sunny felt a bit weird for a moment. It was as if she was asking him to open a jar of pickles for her… whatever that was. In any case, the jagged piece of black rock was not a jar of any sort. Instead, it was a mystical stone that was rumored to be a fragment of the Estuary.

Of course, Cassie was not strong enough to break it.

However, she was trying to finish repairing the runic circuit of the flying vessel, connecting its enchantments to the sacred tree. If Cassie succeeded in time… perhaps, they would not be torn apart by the current of the spinning tunnel.

Sunny wasn't sure if he was strong enough to crush the black stone, either. But Saint was a Transcendent Devil, and augmented by six shadows on top of that.

Glancing at the indifferent onyx knight, he gestured at the black stone. Her ruby eyes shone darkly, and, summoning her tenebrous blade, Saint took a step forward.

The black sword fell on the jagged piece of rock… and bounced away, not leaving even a single scratch on it. She lingered for a moment.

Then, a flood of darkness flowed from beneath Saint's armor, entering the black blade. The blade itself rippled and changed form, turning into a long, elegant lucerne.

The dark lucerne might have been elegant, but both its beak and hammerhead were capable of delivering truly devastating blows. A weapon such as this was far better suited for piercing armor and breaking bones than a sword was… so, it had a far better chance of shattering the mystical stone.

Saint took a step back, then slowly raised her weapon above her head…

And struck down with enough force to make Sunny stagger.

There was a flash, a shockwave, and a thunderous boom.

When he regained his vision once again, Saint had already lowered the lucerne. Her ruby eyes were cold and indifferent.

The black stone lay broken into several pieces.

Cassie pointed to them and said hurriedly:

"Again!"

Soon, the large pieces had turned into smaller ones, and then were finally ground into fine dust inside one of the mortars. The stone dust was then mixed with the strange liquid stored inside the ceramic vessels… some of which turned out to be blood. Hopefully, that of Nightmare Creatures.

By the time they emerged from the cargo hold, Nephis was running out of essence, and the Chain Breaker was growing more and more unstable.

Cassie hesitated for a moment, then pointed to the stern.

"Go! Help Neph!"

Sunny nodded and used Shadow Step to appear by Neph's side. Using his ability to see in the dark, he helped her guide the flying vessel into a spiraling descent. Nephis steered the ship, while Sunny played the role of a navigator.

Cassie, meanwhile, crawled along the grooves carved into the deck of the Chain Breaker, feverishly drawing runes on the ancient wood. Essence poured out of her, making the runes glimmer slightly before being absorbed into the deck. The sorcerous ink created from the dust of the black stone disappeared without leaving a trace.

Jet and Effie were helping her by carrying the amphorae containing ink and handing her brushes — each one only lasted a dozen seconds or so, gradually dissolving into thin air.

The flight of the Chain Breaker turned more and more unstable.

Eventually, Nephis gritted her teeth and slumped slightly, the runic circle surrounding her growing dim.

The flying ship shuddered.

With no more sorcery supporting it, it glided through the darkness, carried only by inertia and the wind pressure, which created a lifting force under the horizontal sails. Neph continued to hold the oars, trying her best to keep the Chain Breaker from plummeting into an uncontrollable fall.

Standing by her side, Sunny uttered a silent curse.

'Which idiot thought that this was a good idea?'

Oh… it was him. He had thought so.

The ancient vessel descended into the darkness, its speed increasing at a frightening rate. The angle of their descent was increasing, as well, slowly approaching the point where it would turn into a fatal nosedive.

Some distance away, near the sacred tree, Cassie threw the remains of another dissolved brush away and raised a hand to receive a new one. Patches of skin on her delicate hands had begun dissolving as well, and fresh blood mixed with the sorcerous ink.

'Are we going to have to abandon the ship?'

Sunny had the Dark Wing and the Heavenly Burden in his soul arsenal. He could also temporarily turn into a crow. The other members of the cohort had their own Memories to help them if not fly, then at least glide. Theoretically, they could continue the descent using those…

But somehow, he did not think that they would survive the depths of the Great River without the impregnable hull of the Chain Breaker.

The ancient vessel shuddered once again…

And then, the darkness was suddenly dispelled by a soft radiance.

Raising his head, Sunny watched the sacred tree in stunned silence.

Its leaves were shining with a pure, beautiful light.

At the same time, the runic circle surrounding Nephis ignited once more, and their flight turned as smooth as it had been before… much smoother, even.

Bathed in the radiance of the sacred tree, Cassie let out a tired sigh and slumped on the deck.

Finally, the enchantment circuit of the Chain Breaker had been fully restored.

**********


                                Chapter 1482 Third Way
--------------------
1482 Third Way

Illuminated by the gentle light of the sacred tree, the Chain Breaker was flying through the darkness. It moved in a wide spiral, descending lower and lower into the abyssal darkness with each spin. Around it, the moving walls of the dark tunnel were twisting and turning as the water comprising them revolved at a dreadful speed.

Now that Cassie had repaired the enchantment circuit of the ancient vessel, the immediate crisis was resolved. The members of the cohort finally received a chance to catch their breaths. The events of the past day had simply been too overwhelming… the destruction of the island had followed immediately after the battle with Undying Slaughter, and so, everyone was exhausted.

They simply dropped to the deck, praying that nothing terrible happened in the next few hours — minutes, even — at least. Sunny temporarily took the steering oars, allowing Nephis to heal Cassie's mangled hands. After that, everyone remained near the runic circle, looking into the darkness.

"Where do you think the vortex leads?"

Effie's voice sounded a bit stifled.

He lingered for a moment, then sighed.

"I don't really know. All I know is that someone passed through it and survived, in the past. Granted, that person was of the Supreme Rank."

Sunny paused for a moment and added, his voice somber:

"It might be the inner wall of the pyramid. In any case… we shall see."

After that, he glanced at Cassie. Now that they had been granted a moment to compose themselves, his curiosity was tingling.

"By the way, why did you need that piece of rock to repair the ship?"

The others seemed curious, too. The blind girl hesitated for a bit, then explained:

"I guess… imagine a locked door. There are a few ways to get on the other side of the door. The simplest is to use a key — provided you have one. In this case, the key would have been the detailed knowledge of the original enchantment of the Chain Breaker. I do know a few things about it, but not enough."

She pointed to the runic circle, which glimmered faintly in the darkness.

"The second way is to be a locksmith who understands the structure of the door's lock — or any lock, really — on a deep level. That way, you can pick it without a key. Sadly, my knowledge of sorcery is not that deep. Which left only the third way… brute force."

Cassie briefly touched her hands. Under the influence of Neph's flame, her soft skin had regrown. There was no blood, bared flesh, and pale bone in sight. The ghastly wounds were gone.

"I don't know if that piece of rock really came from the Estuary, but it is definitely the same as the stone walls of the pyramid. Which means that it was a part of an Unholy Titan once. You have experience crafting extraordinary weapons yourself, so you know how much the material matters. Therefore… I simply borrowed the power of the material to make up for my lack of knowledge."

Sunny stared at her incredulously for a few moments, then let out a sigh.

"I don't think there was anything simple about what you did, but… okay."

Her explanation did make some sense. Sunny was not too knowledgeable about runic sorcery, not to mention the enchantments of the Chain Breaker. However, he was a modestly accomplished sorcerer himself. As such, he knew that a valuable material could indeed substitute skill, sometimes.

For example, he would have to be a god of weaving to create an enchantment that could allow mundane steel to pierce the hide of a Great Beast — if such a thing was even possible. But if that mundane steel was replaced by the bones of a Great Tyrant, there was no need to even add an enchantment.

Weapons crafted from such bones would possess a mystical power of their own, and that power would be enough to kill the Great Beast. At least in the hands of someone as strong as Effie, and while the abomination's own mystical power was diminished by grievous wounds to its soul.

'I should remember this lesson well.'

Sunny had no doubt that he would create many Memories in the future. Before, he was mostly only worried about acquiring enough powerful soul shards and learning the patterns of varied weaves. Perhaps it was time to start concerning himself with searching for extraordinary materials, as well.

He smiled faintly.

"In any case… good job repairing the Chain Breaker. It was just in time."

There were a few moments of silence, and then Effie suddenly cleared her throat.

"Yeah, great job, Cassie! But, uh… can someone please explain to me how the hell is Chain Breaker here? What is it doing in our Nightmare?"

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

'Right. There was this mystery, as well…'

He and Nephis glanced at each other. A moment later, he said hesitantly:

"Honestly, we have no idea. You should already know about how weird time functions inside the Tomb of Ariel… so, our current theory is that one of the previous owners of this ship visited the pyramid at some point. It was just drifting aimlessly far upstream. There was no one aboard and no signs of who that previous owner had been, so… Neph and I took it."

Effie looked atthem with a strange expression, then grinned and patted the deck with her hand.

"Well… it's good that you did. I can't even describe how much I missed my cozy cabin while roaming the Great River on the back of a weird mutant shark. Look! The floor is solid! I might honestly cry!"

Still smiling, she turned to Jet and asked:

"So, what? You really got your Aspect Legacy?"

Jet glanced at her and shrugged.

"Yes. And before you ask… no, you can't eat it. Too bad you didn't receive anything cool yourself, huh?"

Effie's smile widened.

"Who says I didn't?"

With that, she stretched her long legs, assumed a more comfortable pose, and let out a small laugh.

"I did. If you consider a Supreme Memory cool, that is…"

**********


                                Chapter 1483 Reaper’s Scythe
--------------------
1483 Reaper's Scythe

The Aspect Legacy Jet had received was similar to most Aspect Legacies — which were usually Memories uniquely suited for the Aspects of their wielders, or much more rarely powerful Echoes. However, that similarity was deceitful.

In truth, Soul Reaper's Aspect Legacy was almost as weird as Sunny's. Although it looked like a weapon, it was not a Memory… instead, it was an Innate Ability. Jet did not need essence, no matter how little, to summon the chilling mist and turn it into a scythe. The mist was simply a part of her soul now.

Its form was also not set in stone. The mist blade naturally manifested into a beautiful war scythe, but it could assume the shape of other weapons, as well — as they watched, Jet turned it into a khopesh, a misericorde, a bec de corbin, and an actual scythe. There seemed to be only five available forms, at least for now.

All five shapes were that of a weapon, and that weapon was soulbound — but not in the way that Sunny's Marble Shell was soulbound.

In the case of the Marble Shell, its power was directly tied to the power of his soul. Jet's scythe, however, was bound to the souls of those it killed.

...Or rather, those souls would become bound to it.

None of them knew what it meant, precisely. However, Soul Reaper was able to conclude a couple of things from reading the description of this strange Innate Ability.

First of all, the mist blade was able to absorb and contain the souls of its victims. The soul of the most powerful being killed souls of its victims. The soul of the most powerful being killed by it would become the basis of its power — so, if Jet slayed a Great Beast, her scythe would become akin to a Supreme Memory of the First Tier. If she killed an Unholy Titan… the scythe would become akin to a Divine Memory of the Seventh Tier.

Which was a bizarre and truly astonishing quality.

Secondly, the souls contained within the mist could be consumed, replenishing Jet's essence. If all souls were consumed, leaving the mist blade empty, her own soul would become the basis of its power.

These were the things she knew. However, there were still many questions about her Aspect Legacy.

For example, how many souls could it contain? Would they only influence the mist blade's power, or would they also infuse it with unique qualities akin to enchantments? If so… if Jet consumed all the bound souls, what unique quality would her own soul infuse?

Although there were no answers, Sunny felt like the souls of the victims would indeed infuse the mist blade with unique enchantments. He also suspected that the number of souls the mist could contain… was five, one for each of the forms it could take. Equal to the Supreme Rank of Jet's Aspect.

He also suspected that if she consumed all five of the bound souls, the Aspect Legacy would become much more potent and dire.

The reason was rather simple… the only situation where Jet would burn both through her own essence and the souls stored inside the mist blade was a truly desperate situation. And those usually called for the most desperate solutions.

He wouldn't be surprised to learn that if the mist blade was devoid of bound souls… it could allow Soul Reaper to consume her own soul in order to accomplish something truly dire.

'How sinister…'

The beautiful war scythe was a dreadful thing, indeed.

Effie's Supreme Memory, meanwhile, was much less terrifying.

Which was not to say that it wasn't wondrous.

When the huntress first summoned the Memory, no one knew what to make of it. It was not a weapon, nor was it an armor. In fact, it did not resemble a tool or a garment, either… at beast, it could pass for a charm.

The Memory looked like a large iron locket tied to a black leather cord. Inside the locket was a image of a meadow surrounded by tall hills, with a river running through it and a forest visible in the distance. A black dock was resting in the shade of a tall tree. The drawing was simple and crude, as if made by a child.

After looking at the weave of the Supreme Memory, Sunny was momentarily dazed. It was one of the most strange and intricate weaves he had ever seen.

There was something familiar about it, though. After pondering for a few moments, Sunny understood why he felt this sense of familiarity — it was because he had been studying the Covetous Coffer recently. And some parts of this startling new weave bore a distant resemblance to a few elements of what he had been staring at for the better part of the past week.

Effie confirmed his guess… the iron locket was a spatial storage Memory. However, it was entirely different from the Coffer.

That was because, unlike his toothy chest, the locket could store living beings.

Sunny was really surprised to hear that, but the vigorous huntress simply grinned and promptly demonstrated what she meant.

Before he knew it, the abyssal darkness of the vortex and the softly illuminated deck of the Chain Breaker disappeared. Instead, he was blinded by bright sunlight.

When Sunny was able to see again, he found himself standing on a green meadow.

There were tall hills in the distance, a forest to his right, and a river to his left. The only thing missing was a black dog.

For a few moments, he felt confused at the fact that there was only one sun in the sky. Where did the other six go?

Then, Sunny realized where he was and almost jumped in surprise.

He was just about to send his shadows to explore when Effie retrieved him from the Dog Locket. Suddenly, he was back on the deck of the Chain Breaker.

The huntress looked really curious.

"Oh… I see that you are alive. Good! Did it work?"

Sunny stared at her in outrage.

"Wha… what?! You weren't certain it would?"

Effie coughed.

"This is the first time I summoned the locket, so how would I know? Well… I was mostly certain. Yeah, definitely."

He shook his head in exasperation and took a deep breath.

"...Yes, it worked."

Sunny described what he had experienced.

After a bit of exploration, they discovered that the space contained within the locket was not too big. It was about three kilometers across, encompassing the meadow, several hills, a part of the forest,and the river. Beyond the boundary, the world turned into a crude painting, and it was impossible to move further.

Nevertheless, living beings could indeed be stored in that space. There was even water for them to drink and berries for them to gather in the forest. Needless to say, such a space could be extremely useful.

Sunny had never seen such a bizarre Memory.

'Wow. Supreme Memories are really on another level…'

The Crown of Twilight was already mind-boggling enough, but Effie's locket took the prize. Although it was not nearly as powerful as Daeron's crown, just in terms of uniqueness, it was far ahead.

'What a great prize.'

After taking a short rest, the cohort concentrated on traveling deeper into the abyssal tunnel.

**********


                                Chapter 1484 Radiant Depths
--------------------
1484 Radiant Depths

Surrounded by darkness, the Chain Breaker continued to travel down the twisting underwater tunnel. Cassie had taken up the steering oars, which alleviated some of Sunny's nervousness — while she was the most experienced helmsman among them, he barely knew what he was doing.

So, the chances of the flying ship colliding with the walls of the tunnel and being torn apart by the water current were reduced by a lot with the blind seer at the helm.

Still… no one knew what waited for them in the depths of the Great River. They were nervous, apprehensive, and full of grim anticipation.

The cohort rested, consumed a hearty meal, and went about repairing the slight damage dealt to the flying ship by its crash landing on Aletheia's Island. The enchanted hull weathered the rough landing well, only receiving a few shallow scrapes. However, there were more delicate parts of the ship that had to be mended or replaced.

Sunny, Nephis, Jet, and Effie were not carpenters or builders, but their skill was enough for the task — after all, Sunny was a specialist in wilderness survival, while Nephis had been able to build boats all the way back on the Forgotten Shore. Effie had the experience of surviving in the Dark City for years, while Jet... was Jet. She was somehow capable of doing anything that needed to be done.

Later, they gathered on the deck and silently observed the darkness below.

After a while, Sunny grew bored and summoned the Covetous Coffer. Borrowing Effie's locket, he began comparing the two weaves with each other. He was very curious to see if he could make the storage inside the Coffer habitable, as well… for now, it seemed incredibly far-fetched.

But then again, many of the things he had accomplished seemed far-fetched once. If he was not capable of doing something today, he might be able to do it in the future. Becoming a competent sorcerer was a gradual process.

Time slowly passed.

And as it did, the depths of the Great River slowly changed.

It was not something that they could see or hear, but more of a vague, eerie, oppressive feeling. Although the Chain Breaker was surrounded by water and had descended deep below the surface of the River by now, none of them could perceive what hid beyond the spinning walls of the twisting tunnel.

However, it seemed as if… the absolute darkness that surrounded them was somehow growing darker and darker with each hour that passed.

Sunny felt… a sense of immense threat. Cassie was pale, as well. It was as if they were surrounded by terrifying danger from all sides, worse even than it had been in the flowing mist of Aletheia's Island.

However, if there was some harrowing being in the water, it did not enter the tunnel to swallow them whole.

...Remembering how much the dreadful whirlpool resembled a colossal maw, Sunny could only hope that it was not because they were already in the being's intestines.

'Maybe whatever creatures dwell in the unfathomable depth simply can't exist outside of water… or maybe the current of the tunnel walls is as dangerous to them as it is to the Chain Breaker.'

Calming himself like that, he tried to find distraction in weaving.

A few more hours passed.

Eventually, Nephis stood up and looked around with a slight frown on her face.

"...Don't you think that it's getting brighter?"

Then, the others noticed it, too. The darkness seemed slightly less impenetrable now.

The process continued. Slowly but surely, the dark mass of water was starting to glow. The darkness was dispelled, and instead, a blinding radiance surrounded them from all sides. It was so bright that Sunny couldn't open his eyes for a while.

'What… what's this…'

The abyssal tunnel was now a tunnel of radiant light. It was as if they were traveling through the depths of a star.

"It's the suns!"

Sunny was confused by Jet's words at first. But then, he understood.

'Ah… of course…'

Every evening, the seven suns seemed to dive into the Great River. And every night, the Great River started to glow. Its shine was soft, dreamlike, and iridescent.

However, that was on the surface. What would that light look like in the unfathomable depths?

They were currently learning the answer.

Soon, Sunny's eyes adjusted to the brightness, and he cautiously opened them.

The members of the cohort were all frozen still, observing the radiant world around them.

It was… beautiful.

But also harrowing.

A moment later, Sunny shuddered and took an involuntary step back.

Somewhere out there, in the blinding light… a shadow suddenly moved, so colossal that it dimmed the radiance of the water for a few moments. Its size was so immense that he struggled to comprehend it. And its shape…

As soon as Sunny tried to ascertain it, it was as if he had lost consciousness for several seconds. When he came back to his senses, the shadow had disappeared somewhere far below, and he was covered in cold sweat. His head was pulsing with a splitting ache.

'T—that thing… how far away was it?'

What was it?

He looked at the members of the cohort and found them in a similar state to his. Especially Cassie, who was blind, but also saw much more than anyone else…

Then, the brightness of the water changed once again as another inconceivable shadow moved through its radiant mass, far in the distance.

He shivered.

"Go inside."

Cassie's voice was hoarse. Lowering her head, she sighed and repeated herself:

"Go inside. Don't return until it's dark again. It's not good for you to stay here."

Nephis looked at her for a moment, then frowned:

"What about you? We won't leave you alone."

The blind girl shook her head.

"I'll be fine. I won't be able to see anything if you leave, anyway. Most importantly…"

She shivered slightly.

"...nothing will be able to gaze back at me. Go."

Sunny knew all too well that some Nightmare Creatures felt when someone was looking at them. That was why people had to be careful where they turned their eyes in the Dream Realm, especially in those regions of it where true horrors dwelled. That was why he did not try to dissuade Cassie and silently pulled Nephis toward the entrance to the lower decks.

He recalled his shadows, as well.

Jet and Effie followed.

They spent some time together at the mess deck, but no one was in the mood to talk. It felt as if the smallest sound could be heard by the beings that moved in the depths of the Great River… and so, after a while, the members of the cohort left for their cabins and tried to fall asleep.

The merciless light bathed the Chain Breaker for a few more hours, and then grew dim.

Finally, it disappeared entirely, replaced once again by absolute darkness.

The spinning tunnel continued to lead them down, down, down… down into the unfathomable depths.

The Great River was rumored to be bottomless, and surrounded by the darkness, Sunny could easily believe that it was.

However, he also felt that if they survived a few more days of the descent…

Perhaps they would prove the rumors wrong.

**********


                                Chapter 1485 Traveresing the Vortex
--------------------
1485 Traveresing the Vortex

Traveling through the twisting underwater tunnel was a constant struggle… but, strangely enough, it was mostly safe. Just as Wind Flower had said, as long as the Chain Breaker did not touch the water, there was little inside the vortex that could threaten them.

If the flying ship did touch the spinning walls of the tunnel, though, death was all but guaranteed — not only because of the terrible current and the obliterating pressure, but also because causing even the smallest ripple was going to alert the harrowing beings dwelling in the unfathomable depth of the Great River of their presence.

Staying away from the walls was not challenging at first, but the deeper they descended, the more perilous that situation became. The tunnel grew narrower, while its twists became more frequent and steep with each passing day. Sometimes, it bent so much that the Chain Breaker flew forward for a while instead of continuously descending.

It was as though they were really traveling through the intestines of an unimaginable beast.

Worse of all was the fact that the tunnel was not static. It constantly moved, undulating, making it seem as though the walls of spinning water were pursuing the graceful ship.

Perhaps they were.

Sometimes, the water was shrouded in abyssal darkness. Sometimes, it shone with blinding light.

Nephis steered the ship in the darkness, but when the depths of the Great River ignited with beautiful radiance, Cassie had to take the oars. The rest of them were forced to escape to the interior of the flying vessel, leaving her to face the harrowing shapes moving through the radiant water alone.

Anyone would have been shaken and mentally strained by having to endure the horror and pressure of those terrible creatures in solitude. Despite that, Cassie remained calm and seemingly unperturbed… Sunny did not know if that was a good sign or not.

What he did know, however, was that they would have never survived the journey through the vortex without the Chain Breaker. They would have been long swallowed by the Great River if Cassie had not repaired the enchantment circuit, as well.

As it was… Sunny felt that they would, perhaps, make it to the other side of the vortex unscathed.

Days passed in tense silence. The deeper they descended, the more palpable the pressure assaulting their minds was. The abyssal darkness was suffocating, and the radiant light was dreadful. More than that… at some point, the world itself became strange, playing tricks with their minds.

Time was growing convoluted and elusive, as if it, too, was being crushed by the oppressive weight of the water surrounding them. Sunny and Nephis,who had already experienced something similar in the time storm, were less affected by this strangeness than the other members of the cohort. However, eventually, they too grew accustomed to the eerie unstableness of time.

With time, space had also become unreliable.

At first, Sunny thought that it was the Chain Breaker's flight that had lost its smoothness, making the flying ship shake and shudder from time to time. Sometimes, it would jerk, and sometimes, it would sway.

But then, he realized that it was the fabric of reality itself that had becometwisted.

He understood it while carrying a cup of tea, brewed with the invigorating water of the Endless Spring, to Nephis. Usually, a walk from the lower deck entrance to the stern would have taken him less than a minute, and a few dozen steps. However, this time, Sunny counted at least several hundred steps before reaching the runic circle.

The tea he was carrying was still hot and steaming, though.

'That is… not good.'

He stared at the tea cup in his hand, then at Nephis, who was steering the ship without seemingly having noticed anything strange.

'What if it was not the deck that had been stretched like a rubber band, but one of us?'

What if the space between the ship and the walls of the tunnel suddenly contracted?

Suddenly, the surrounding darkness seemed much more terrifying.

But there was nothing any of them could do about it. Worrying about being torn apart by fractured space was not going to do him any good, either.

So, Sunny distracted himself by concentrating on weaving.

After around seven cycles of darkness and light — he couldn't tell exactly how many because of how strange time had become — he successfully altered the [Capacious Chest] enchantment of the Covetous Coffer to allow it to store living beings. He had not copied the weave of a Supreme Memory, but rather borrowed a few elements from it.

Sadly, it was a futile effort. Sunny might have changed the weave of the enchantment to remove the limitation on inanimate objects, but he was nowhere near knowing how to integrate a livable space into the chest's storage space. There was no meadow, no forest, and no river inside of it.

Which meant that there was also no light, no water, and no air there. There was nothing at all. So, unless he wanted a living being to suffocate to death, placing them inside was out of the question.

Theoretically, he was able to hide his shadows in the Covetous Coffer now, since they did not need to breathe. However, Sunny struggled to imagine why he would want to do such a thing. Maybe to punish them for misbehaving…

He did not share these thoughts with the shadows, but they still started to avoid the toothy chest, for some reason.

Time slowly passed.

Or, maybe, it was passing quickly.

All Sunny knew was that the depths of the Great River seemed more and more dreadful each time he looked into the abyssal darkness. Even Cassie was starting to look unnerved.

The tunnel was not getting narrower anymore. However, its twists and turns were becoming wilder.

And then, one day…

The Chain Breaker seemed to stop.

Sunny was startled as the familiar feeling of motion completely disappeared. Standing up from where he was sitting, he noticed the other members of the cohort looking perplexed.

Then, he heard Neph's stifled yelp.

Looking at the stern, he saw her gripping the steering oars so hard that her hands had turned white. She was moving both oars in a strange manner… not slowly and smoothly, like usual, but instead forcefully and with a sense of urgency.

'What the hell?'

Why was Nephis even moving the oars if they were standing still?

Looking at the walls of the tunnel, Sunny flinched.

The walls… had turned into a blur.

The Chain Breaker was frozen in place, but the tunnel itself was flying past it at tremendous speed. The twists and turns that Nephis had been cautiously navigating were now flashing past them, forcing her to steer the ship as fast as she could… and much faster than that, even, if they wanted to survive.

'Doesn't make any sense…'

Sunny was confused for a moment.

How could the flying ship both remain in place and be steered around the bends of the tunnel?

It was as if the world itself was being spun and moved by Neph's hands.

But then again, when was the last time the world made any sense?

Perhaps the static position of the Chain Breaker was simply a matter of perspective. Perhaps, they were simply being carried by some unfathomable, eerie force.

What did it matter?

The only thing that mattered was for Nephis to guide them through the swiftly moving tunnel.

And she did. Completely focused, she guided the Chain Breaker, not allowing the water to swallow it. A minute past, then another, then another…

Then, an eternity.

Suddenly, the tunnel disappeared.

Something flashed, blinding Sunny, and was then replaced by darkness. He could feel motion once again.

…In fact, he could feel a lot of motion!

It was as if the Chain Breaker had been shot from a catapult. Their speed was so dreadful that he was instantly blown back a dozen meters, and only managed to remain on the ship by clutching at the railing.

'D—damn!'

Sunny felt a tremendous force pushing him back, and a hurricane wind crashing into him with primal fury. All he could do was grit his teeth and hold on for his dear life.

Slowly, their speed decreased. Nephis, who had been pressed into the aplustre, pushed one of the oars and rolled the ship.

It was only then that Sunny realized that the Chain Breaker had been flying upside down.

As the flying ship revolved around its axis, Sunny fell on the deck and weakly picked himself up.

It seemed that they had escaped the vortex.

**********


                                Chapter 1486 Colorful Ribbon
--------------------
1486 Colorful Ribbon

The Chain Breaker was still flying at high speed in the direction it had been expelled from the vortex. Thankfully, Nephis had rolled the ship in time, preventing the members of the cohort from plummeting down… but Sunny was still pressed into the deck, struggling to stand up.

The world was dark, with only the soft glow of the sacred tree illuminating it.

Finally, he rose to his feet, swayed slightly, and called out in a stifled voice:

"Is… is everyone alive?"

He could see Nephis nearby... she was safe. Looking across the deck, he noticed Effie leaning on the sacred tree, a startled expression on her face. Luckily, the huntress did not look injured.

Jet was a bit further away. It seemed that she had used the fifth form of her mist blade, the scythe, as a hook to keep herself in place. Her icy blue eyes were alert and focused.

Cassie had been sleeping in her cabin when the strange event happened, so she was definitely fine — the blind girl might have suffered a few bruises, but she wouldn't have been thrown overboard.

"I'm fine!"

"Alive is a strong word…"

Hearing Effie and Jet answer his question, Sunny let out a relieved sigh. Almost at the same time, Cassie appeared from below the deck, looking a bit haggard.

With each member of the cohort accounted for, he relaxed a little.

They seemed to have escaped the dreadful whirlpool. At least it looked that way.

The twisting tunnel was gone, replaced by a vast empty space. The oppressive feeling Sunny had felt in the depths of the Great River was gone, too, and time seemed to be flowing naturally as well.

Space, however…

Space was a bit strange.

Sunny struggled to describe the wrongness he felt, but it was definitely there. Humans, after all, were not meant to perceive the fabric of space — why would they, considering that it was meant to be constant and immutable?

But many immutable concepts had become vague with the descent of the Spell. Especially here in the Tomb of Ariel, many things that he had considered absolute had proven to be less than reliable. The existence of the Tomb was in and of itself a paradox, considering that it contained an entire world.

Nevertheless, even though Sunny could not perceive the fabric of space, he could still sense that something was wrong with it. He just could not explain what.

'What is going on? No, first… where are we?'

There was no sound of the water splashing against the hull of the Chain Breaker, no sunlight, no glow that suffused the Great River at night. There was only darkness, silence, and wind.

Frowning, Sunny glanced at Nephis. She was still holding the steering oars, but at the moment, there was nothing for her to do. The ship was still flying… rising?... due to inertia, and it was impossible to control it until that inertia dissipated.

He studied her face, making sure that Nephis was alright, and then looked behind her. There was nothing there… only a vast, boundless darkness.

The wind played with her beautiful silver hair.

Neph looked at him, too. She hesitated for a few moments, then said cautiously:

"I think… we have left the vortex."

That was self-evident. No, actually… it was not. Nobody knew what was at the heart of the Great River, so there could very well be a vast empty space inside it. However, somehow, Sunny did not feel as if they were buried under an inconceivable mass of flowing water.

So, what then? Had they reached the bottom of the Great River?

If so, then why had they been thrown up instead of being thrown down? In fact… the Chain Breaker was still rising, even though the speed of its ascent was growing slower and slower with each second.

"What the hell happened?"

Nephis looked uncertain. She frowned, struggling to find an answer, and eventually said with no confidence in her tone:

"I'm not sure. It felt… as if we had crossed a boundary of some sort. You saw what happened next yourself."

She wanted to say something else, but then suddenly froze.

A few moments later, her eyes widened a little.

Nephis raised a hand and pointed at something.

"Sunny… behind you…"

Sunny knew that there was nothing immediately behind him — otherwise, he would have felt it through shadow sense. Frowning, he turned around and looked into the darkness beyond.

It was just as empty as what he had seen before, but when he shifted his gaze lower…

Sunny grew still.

'What… am I looking at?'

There was nothing behind Nephis. But in the direction where he was currently looking, something floated in the darkness. It was like a colorful ribbon painted in lilac, azure, and crimson, with parts of it drowning in shadows. Seven small motes of light slowly moved through the darkness around it, making for a beautiful sight.

The ribbon created a circle, its surface twisted on itself like a M?bius strip.

It took Sunny a few moments to realize what the ribbon was.

'It's… it's… the Great River…'

His eyes widened, as well.

Because there was nothing but emptiness between the Chain Breaker and the colorful ribbon, it was all but impossible to determine distance, and therefore scale. However, he knew…

Lilac, azure, and crimson were the three regions of the Great River — dawn, day, and dusk. The seven little motes of light were the seven suns. The areas of the ribbon where the light of the suns did not reach were shrouded in shadows… however, at least one sun was always on the opposite side of the ribbon, its light penetrating the mass of water and making the water glow.

The Chain Breaker was… far, far away from the Great River.

And the empty darkness around them was the interior of the Tomb of Ariel.

However, Sunny forgot all about the black pyramid and its creator.

His eyes were locked on the beautiful ribbon… which twisted on itself… like a M?bius strip…

His whole body shuddered, and his face turned deathly pale.

His heart was suddenly consumed by dread.

His mind was deathly still.

His lips trembled.

Sunny felt like he was suffocating.

'...It's a loop.'

The Great River twisted on itself, flowing endlessly, its surface never interrupted.

The Great River… the entirety of it… was an infinite loop.

**********


                                Chapter 1487 The Source
--------------------
1487 The Source

Sunny stared at the distant Great River, frozen in place. His face was motionless.

However, there was a storm raging in his mind. Fragmented truths that he had learned, witnessed, and experienced in the Tomb of Ariel were moving, colliding with each other, and clicking in place with a dreadful noise. The inconceivable truth of their Nightmare was slowly revealing itself.

From start to finish... it was all...

He was suddenly overcome with fear.

Shifting his gaze slightly, Sunny studied the beautiful ribbon that twisted on itself, forming an infinite loop.

Deep crimson, vibrant azure, soft lilac... the seven suns shining in the darkness...

It was like a dream.

'How can this be? How can the Great River flow in a circle?'

But then again… of course, it could.

In hindsight, it made so much sense.

There had always been a paradox in how the Great River was described. Because it was always described as "endless"... Sunny had not paid it much attention before, assuming that the word was simply there to provide flavor. But he should have known better. The Spell was always deliberate with its choice of words.

The description of the Stifled Scream read:

[...a great river was contained within it, flowing endlessly from the future into the past.]

But how could a river of time be endless? The past wasn't infinite. If the Great River really flowed into the past, anyone sailing it would reach the point beyond the origin of time eventually — so, by definition, it could not flow endlessly.

Only it could. Because its estuary was also its source… within the Tomb of Ariel, the past was connected to the future, creating a single whole. The proof was right in front of him.

There was a reason why the Nightmare Creatures populating the Great River were most powerful in the far reaches of the past, near the Estuary, and in the far reaches of the future, where Sunny had initially come from. The two were one and the same.

He frowned, then shook his head.

'No, wait… that doesn't make sense.'

If the Great River was an infinite loop, and the past turned into the future, having no end… then what about the Estuary? The existence of the Estuary was also undeniable. Not only was it mentioned in the descriptions of the Stifled Scream and the Shroud of Graceless Dusk, but it was the reason why the Seekers of Truth had come to the Tomb of Ariel, as well.

They had come to find the secrets that the Demon of Dread had hidden in the estuary of the Great River…

The hideous truth he had wished to be free of.

And when Aletheia, the First Seeker, had finally found it, the Defilement was born.

The whole purpose of the Great River was to reach a point before time existed — before the gods were born, and therefore outside their control. At least that was what Sunny and Nephis believed.

So how could there be no Estuary?

'There is. The Estuary exists.'

Shifting his gaze, Sunny studied the length of the beautiful ribbon. From this distance, he could not really see the current of the Great River, but he did see a few things.

For example, a stretch of it was shrouded in boiling clouds, which gave birth to immense cyclones. That was the area of the river that corresponded to the end days of the Doom War, while the cyclones were the time storms it created.

The colossal whirlpool where Aletheia's Island had been situated was hidden from view, but Sunny saw a tiny speck on the crimson layer of the twisting ribbon. That was Fallen Grace. He thought he saw another city on the lilac layer. That had to be Twilight…

The second most noticeable anomaly, though, was a spot where the surface of the Great River was obscured by mist. The mist was absolutely impenetrable, covering a considerable length of the river. The flow of time near it seemed restless even from a distance, which meant that it was absolutely devastating up close.

Sunny suddenly felt cold, realizing that not only was there an Estuary…

'No, that is… that is impossible.'

…But he had already brushed against it.

Something seemed to explode in his head.

***

'Of course…'

Looking at the distant Great River, Sunny took a shaky breath.

He was remembering the first few days he had spent in the Nightmare, drifting on a piece of flotsam in a place shrouded in mist

Back then, everything about the situation had seemed strange and bizarre. So, he had never properly questioned where that place was. However, now that he thought about it… even considering the general weirdness of the Great River, those first days were especially odd.

The mist, the piece of flotsam, and what had happened next…

Actually, Sunny had never seen his makeshift raft sailing out of the mist. Instead, he simply heard the water roaring and was thrown underwater when the suddenly furious current overturned the piece of flotsam. By the time he resurfaced, the seven suns were shining above his head.

Most importantly, the mist was nowhere to be seen — upstream or downstream. All around him, there was only the sparkling, dreamlike expanse of the Great River, as if the mist had never existed at all. There were also the demented runes carved into the underside of his raft.

…It was almost as if he had been sent there through time and space instead of simply being carried downstream by the current.

And now, Sunny felt almost certain that that was exactly what had happened.

That misty place where he had spent the first few days of the Nightmare… was the outer boundary of the Estuary. It was also the source of the Great River.

It was a place between the past and the future, where the laws of time were twisted and broken. The entrance to the true Estuary — the space that existed beyond time, containing Ariel's secrets — was hidden somewhere in the mist.

Aletheia had found it, but Sunny simply drifted past, being carried by the current. When the piece of flotsam reached the boundary of the Source, he was expelled from it, appearing in the far reaches of the future — in the area of the Great River corresponding to the point in time where the person whose role he took had entered the Tomb of Ariel.

'Wait…'

Sunny was suddenly covered in cold sweat when he remembered a few more details about his time in the mist… in the Boundary.

Hadn't he been tormented by nightmares of madness, despair, and dreadful obsession there? Hadn't he screamed, waking up…

'No, no… not again… please…'

Hadn't the Sin of Solace inexplicably become perfectly complete and real out there, in the mist?

And the Great River… was a loop…

Sunny shuddered.

A terrible premonition grasped his heart with icy claws.

Sitting on the deck of the Chain Breaker, he gazed at the distant river and whispered:

"The Six Plagues… are not the future versions of ourselves."

Sunny closed his eyes.

"...They are our past. They are us from the previous revolution of the Great River."

**********


                                Chapter 1488 The First Plague
--------------------
1488 The First Plague

Sunny felt a headache approaching.

Something was very wrong here.

How could the Six Plagues exist?

The Great River was a time loop — just like Aletheia's Island had been, but also different.

On Aletheia's Island, time moved in a circle. A single day endlessly repeated itself, and a new cycle started each time that day ended. The Great River, however, was a bizarre place where time and space were one and the same — it flowed from the future into the past, and so, those who traveled it were also traveling across time.

The cycles of the Great River did not start once a certain period of time passed. They were both a measure of time and a measure of space — to reach a new revolution, a person had to travel all the way to the Estuary, which was also the Source, and cross the boundary between the past and the future.

Then, they would be sent to the point in time and space when they had first entered the Tomb of Ariel. So, if the Chain Breaker sailed past Verge and braved the Source, the members of the cohort would be sent to different places on the first day after they had entered the Nightmare.

Sunny would find himself on a piece of flotsam, Nephis would be stranded on the corpse of the Black Turtle, Cassie would return to Fallen Grace on the day the other sybil succumbed to the Defilement, and Jet and Effie would be back to living the harsh lives of the River Nomads.

Sunny shifted slightly.

Still, it did not explain how both the members of the cohort and the Six Plagues could exist at the same time. If their version from the previous cycle had braved the Source — on purpose or by accident, while searching for the entrance into the Estuary — they would have disappeared.

More than that, the Plagues had been rampaging across the Great River for decades, perhaps even centuries. How could that be?

'Well, why not? There's all kinds of weirdness happening with time in the Tomb of Ariel. Do I really want to doubt that something like that is possible?'

Especially now that Sunny knew about the Source — a misty place where the past and the future met, and where the meaning of time lost all reason — he could not be surprised by anything.

What would happen, for example, if someone entered the Source, but then turned back and left the way they had come instead of crossing the boundary of the future? What would happen if they left from a different point than where they had entered? What would happen if they stayed inside the Source for a while, allowing the current to move past them?

He did not know.

Sunny did know one thing, however.

The method of starting a new revolution might have been different from Aletheia's Island, but its effect would be the same.

Once someone returned to the past, their memory of the previous cycle would be erased. Their soul would be restored to how it had been before. No signs of them having traveled the Great River in the past would remain.

Which meant…

Sunny shivered.

'Not again, please!'

The words he had shouted while waking up, on the first day in the Nightmare, echoed in his ears.

'H—how… how many times have we challenged this Nightmare?'

The existence of the Six Plagues proved that there had been at least two cycles. But there could have been more. Ten cycles… a hundred cycles… a thousand cycles…

There was no way to tell. Since no one remembered the previous revolutions, nothing would change when a new one started. They would repeat the same actions over and over again, just like Jet had fought and been killed by UndyingSlaughter over and over again.

Until Sunny arrived, and became aware of the loop.

Suddenly, he felt his heart beating wildly.

'Wait…'

Despite being trapped in the time loop of Aletheia's Island, Sunny had eventually gained the ability to remember the previous revolutions. He did not know how long it had taken, but at some point, he was assaulted by a persistent sense of déjà vu, and then became fully aware of the loop.

That was because the Sin of Solace was stuck in his mind, and the loathsome sword wraith was somehow immune to the effect of the repeating time.

Sunny felt that he was on the verge of realizing something extremely important.

'The Sin of Solace…'

The Mad Prince was haunted by the odious apparition, as well.

So, if the cohort was trapped in the infinite loop, didn't it mean…

That he would have gained the ability to remember the previous cycles of the Great River, as well?

'D—damnation!'

Sunny's eyes widened.

The Mad Prince… no, perhaps even an earlier versions of himself… would have realized the cyclical nature of the Great River. And from that point forward, each cycle would have been different.

Because Sunny had become a variable.

He must have tried to change things. He must have tried to conquer the Nightmare desperately… and in such a way that none of the members of the cohorts died.

And Nephis survived till the end.

...But, for some reason, he had failed.

Or maybe that mission had been doomed from the start.

Had he become aware of the grand loop before and after becoming infected by the Defilement?

The Defilement, after all… was knowledge. Terrible knowledge that corrupted the souls of those who possessed it. So, even if Sunny reached the Source and returned into the past after being infected by the Defilement, the infection would have returned with him.

Had he gone mad under the mental strain of endless loops first, or had he found the true Estuary and been driven insane by the Defilement first?

Had Sunny been the first of the Six Plagues, and the one who had infected the other five?

In any case…

'So why do I not remember anything? If my version from the previous cycle was corrupted by the Defilement, why is my soul free of it?'

He flinched.

Wasn't the answer obvious?

What could cure the infection of cursed knowledge?

…Oblivion could.

In order to be cured, he had to forget the cursed knowledge before returning to the past.

'The Key of the Estuary.'

A mysterious Memory that had been there, in his soul, when he found himself in the mist on the first day of the Nightmare. A Memory that possessed a passive enchantment that did not seem to have any effect on him.

An enchantment that consisted of two parts — one directed outward, one directed inward.

And which had something to do with the Sin of Solace.

Sunny took a deep breath as the truth of the Estuary Key finally revealed itself.

'It's... a muzzle.'

The purpose of the mysterious Memory… was to prevent the Sin of Solace from sharing any knowledge of the previous cycles with Sunny. So that he never remembered what had happened in the past, and therefore never learned the cursed knowledge of Defilement.

That was one part of its enchantment. The other, much more burdensome part… was meant to make the Estuary Key immune to the change of cycles. To make it remain in Sunny's soul even if he crossed the boundary of the Source and was sent into the past.

That was why the Mad Prince had been so interested in the Great Tyrant slain by the Serpent King in Aletheia's Tower. Because the Tyrant remained dead no matter how many revolutions passed… its death had been made permanent, carrying over from one cycle of the loop to the next.

Back then, the Defiled madman must have already been trying to create the Estuary Key.

To cure himself of the Defilement… and make another attempt to conquer the Nightmare. No, not just conquer it, but do it in a specific way.

To erase the mistake he had made... or maybe the crime he had committed.

'Murderer...'

Sunny gulped for air.

At that moment, he realized something else.

There were only three of the Six Plagues left: Soul Stealer, Torment, and the Dread Lord.

The Mad Prince… was gone.

He did not exist in the Tomb of Ariel anymore.

Because he had crossed the boundary of the Source and sent himself into the past.

He had become Sunny.

**********


                                Chapter 1489 A Variable
--------------------
1489 A Variable

It had to be true.

The Mad Prince must have traveled in time to become Sunny… for one simple reason. Sunny could not possess the Key of the Estuary otherwise.

He took a deep breath and grasped his head, feeling dazed.

'There are answers… too many answers. For once.'

The turbulent swarm of revelations was yet to settle in his mind, and there was no clear picture.

'Everything makes sense now. But also, nothing makes sense.'

Sunny felt that he understood the true nature of the Great River. He also understood the sequence of events that had transpired prior to the current cycle. It all came together nicely… except for one glaring inconsistency.

The existence of the Six Plagues was a paradox that could not be explained by what he knew. But that was alright. He did not know everything, after all, especially not in a place as bizarre as the Tomb of Ariel.

However, if Sunny simply accepted the paradoxical existence of the Plagues as fact, everything would fall into place. For example, the fact that Wind Flower had met both the Mad Prince and Sunny — just like Effie and Jet coexisted with Devouring Beast and Undying Slaughter, Sunny coexisted with the memories of his previous self.

The vile madman was gone, but the scars he had left on the Great River remained. Like Weave, which he had destroyed. Or Ananke, whom he doomed to a life of loneliness and loss.

'So, how did it all happen?'

Sunny contemplated the Third Nightmare, numb to his surroundings.

The first thing he had to admit was that he did not know, and would most likely never learn, what the initial shape of the Nightmare had been. The reality of the Great River had been irrevocably changed by the Six Plagues. So, the challenge the original cohort had faced was entirely different.

It were the Six Plagues, after all, who had taken control of Verge and led the forces of the Defilement to devour the cities of the River People, undoubtedly accelerating the demise of the River Civilization. Without them, the cohort might have found many powerful allies to aid them in slaying the First Seeker.

However, during that first cycle, something had gone wrong. Somehow, the cohort ended up entering the Source instead of laying siege to Verge…

'No, not quite right.'

It was possible that everyone had entered the Source — but not necessarily so. Sunny could have attempted to find the Estuary alone, for some reason. But he definitely had entered the mist and crossed the boundary. That was how the first cycle had ended.

And, therefore, an unknown number of cycles began.

Eventually, influenced by the [Hideous Truth] enchantment of the Sin of Solace, Sunny had grown immune to losing his memory of the past cycles. Becoming... a variable. A single variable that broke the system, introducing chaos to a predetermined flow of events.

At that point, several things could have happened.

Perhaps he continued to search for a way to conquer the Nightmare and preserve the lives of his companions, failing cycle after cycle and eventually going mad. Perhaps, guided by unknown reasons, he continued to search for the entrance to the Estuary that was hidden somewhere in the mist of the Source. Perhaps, by then, he was already infected by the cursed knowledge of the Defilement.

In any case, eventually, there came a time when Sunny was returned to the beginning of the Nightmare already harboring the seed of Corruption in his mind.

And that, of course, changed everything.

The other members of the cohort were infected by the Defilement, as well.

Nephis died at their hands.

…Kneeling on the deck of the Chain Breaker, Sunny shivered. His face was deathly pale.

'What happened next, then?'

It was obvious…

The Mad Prince was released from Shadow Bond, finally fulfilling his wish… becoming free.

However, his freedom did not last long.

Ironically, the madman was enslaved by one of the people he had surrendered to the Defilement — Kai. Then, the corrupted cohort found a new goal. To conquer the Nightmare and be released into the real world by obliterating the River People civilization.

And so…

They somehow found a way to travel into the distant past, to the days long before the first day of the Nightmare… and at the same time became foreign invaders of the new cycle. Sunny did not know how, but he had an inkling that the Source and the Estuary were somehow responsible for the birth of this bizarre and eerie paradox.

Over time, the members of the corrupted cohort grew stronger, eventually Transcending… or rather, falling deeper into Corruption. Ananke had already told Sunny that it was possible for those who followed the path of Ascension to reach Transcendence without conquering a Third Nightmare. Similarly, it was possible for Fallen Nightmare Creatures to become Corrupted.

The Fallen Terror of the Crimson Spire, for example, had been evolving into a Corrupted Titan when Nephis killed her. The former members of Neph's cohort achieved a similar feat inside the Tomb of Ariel.

And thus, the Six Plagues were born.

They subjugated Verge and led the forces of the Defilement to annihilate the River People. Even Twilight, the city of challengers led by the Serpent King, fell to their insidiousness and might.

They should have conquered the Nightmare decades ago, by all accounts…

If not for the Mad Prince.

An eerie, twisted smile appeared on Sunny's lips.

Conquering the Nightmare was what the Dread Lord wanted. But it was not what his slave wanted.

And so, the vile madman conspired against his master.

It seemed that the Mad Prince was still harboring a desperate obsession. One that had nothing to do with spreading the Defilement to every corner of the Tomb of Ariel, obliterating the River Civilization, or unleashing the Six Plagues into the real world.

Sunny did not know what that obsession was…

But he could guess.

'Be careful of what you wish for.'

Those were the words that the Mad Prince had carved into the piece of flotsam drifting in the mist of the Source, over and over again, with his nails. It wasn't hard to guess that he regretted fulfilling his wish.

What did Sunny want?

To be free.

That wish of his… had killed Nephis.

He shuddered.

'The Mad Prince, that bastard… was that what he wanted to achieve?'

To rewrite history and ensure that Nephis survives.

'Perhaps…'

And so, the Mad Prince started scheming as he prepared for the arrival of the members of the cohort. He trapped Undying Slaughter and Devouring Beast on Aletheia's Island. He had met with Wind Flower and learned how to create the Estuary Key.

He massacred Weave, and then sent a dream message to Ananke, instructing her to meet Sunny and Nephis in the far reaches of the future when the time came.

…And gods knew what else. Sunny simply did not know the extent of preparations the Mad Prince had undertaken to ensure that, in this cycle, the events of the Nightmare went exactly as he planned.

The reality of the Great River had already been entirely changed from how it had originally been by the existence of the Six Plagues. And the vile madman manipulated it even more, purposefully setting the stage for his future self.

And then, when all the preparations were done, he simply entered the Source and ceased to exist, transferring the Estuary Key to Sunny.

Ensuring that he would not be poisoned by the Defilement immediately after entering the Nightmare, unlike how it had happened in the previous cycles.

And here they were.

Sunny let out a long sigh.

'That treacherous madman…'

**********


                                Chapter 1490 No Bounds
--------------------
1490 No Bounds

Truly, a treachery that knew no bounds. Sunny had succumbed to the Defilement and betrayed the cohort, only to betray them once again once they were made into the Six Plagues by him. Killing one of his masters in the process and weaving countless schemes to destroy the other.

He... did not really know how to feel about it. Was he supposed to be proud of or appalled by his former self?

'I might... have to stop resenting the Spell for calling me that.'

In any case, he felt a deep sense of regret.

Because he wouldn't be able to strangle the mad bastard with his own two hands.

Sunny sighed.

Well, there it was. The truth.

Of course, there were still many things that made little sense, or no sense at all. The most obvious of them, of course, was the paradoxical existence of the Six Plagues, who had not only traveled to the distant past of the River Civilization, but also lingered in the Tomb of Ariel despite the start of a new cycle.

'They really broke all the rules.'

Sunny also did not know where the Mad Prince had found the Chain Breaker before arranging for it to be discovered by him and Nephis. He also did not know why the vile madman destroyed Weave, denying them the support of the Followers of Weaver, and many other things.

Some of them, he was probably never going to learn.

But it was alright.

The Tomb of Ariel had never been a place that could be fully understood by a mere mortal. And he already knew the general shape of things.

'So what?'

That knowledge, really… did not change anything at all.

Their goal remained the same. Travel to Twilight, retrieve Kai and Mordret… then gather whatever strength they can and attack Verge to slay the First Seeker. If anything, that goal had only become less impossible to achieve.

Not only were three of the Six Plagues already off the board, but there was no telling what else the Mad Prince had arranged to help the cohort conquer the Nightmare. Were the rest of the Plagues even alive? Perhaps he had already dealt with them, the same way he had dealt with Devouring Beast and Undying Slaughter.

'What is this weird feeling… it is as if I'm being helped by myself, from beyond the grave — and not only that, but that dead version of me is also a truly dreadful Nightmare Creature.'

Had a more bizarre sentence ever been spoken?

Although, technically, Sunny did not speak it aloud. And the Mad Prince was not technically dead… just erased from existence by traveling back in time.

'Yeah, that definitely does not sound just as bizarre.'

At that moment, Sunny realized that he had been kneeling on the deck of the Chain Breaker for quite some time, staring at the distant Great River and spacing out. It must have been quite a strange sight…

Before he could look around, however, a shadow fell on him. Raising his head, Sunny saw the Sin of Solace, who was looking at him with a dark expression.

"Fool... are you done acting like an idiot? Oh, wow. Judging by your stupid expression, that idiot brain of yours finally managed to digest some information. Pathetic. How long has it taken you to realize something that should have been apparent on day one?"

Sunny stared at the sword wraith, then smiled darkly.

"You know… I know. You rotten bastard. How many times have you poisoned me with the Defilement?"

Indeed, the Sin of Solace was the reason Sunny had become the Mad Prince. But, strangely enough, the sword wraith was also the reason why the Mad Prince had managed to preserve a shred of lucidity. Keeping him forever torn between two mutually exclusive states... and, therefore, forever in agony.

How sinister.

Sunny's eye twitched.

"Answer me, you piece of trash."

The Sin of Solace stared at him, fury burning in his eyes. He clearly wanted to say something… but he couldn't.

The Estuary Key forbade him.

Not only that, but it also prevented the innate connection that Sunny shared with the splintered piece of his mind from serving as a conduit for subconscious knowledge about the previous cycles of the Great River and the secrets of the Estuary.

And, on top of that, that Memory was the first one Sunny had ever seen that functioned even without being summoned. Its passive enchantment was in effect despite the Estuary Key resting within his soul, both silencing the sword wraith and preventing time from influencing the jagged piece of black rock.

'Amazing.'

Just how skilled of a sorcerer had he become after countless years of being a Corrupted Titan?

Sunny sighed.

It did not matter. The cost was much too high.

It was unbearable.

Nevertheless, the Key of the Estuary was a promise of what he could potentially achieve, one day.

'Right. The others might be concerned about me suddenly going catatonic.'

Or maybe, they were petrified by dire revelations of their own.

Looking back, Sunny saw the members of the cohort.

Cassie was staring at the distant ribbon of the Great River, her expression distant. She must have realized the same things Sunny had… perhaps even more. Nephis was even more expressionless than usual. She seemed to have grasped the truth, as well.

Jet and Effie, however, knew less about the Tomb of Ariel. It did not appear that they were interested in the sight of the Great River at all. Instead, they were on the opposite side of the Chain Breaker, staring into the darkness beyond.

By then, the inertia carrying the flying ship forward had mostly dissipated. They were slowing down.

Nephis sighed.

"So that is what the vortex is."

Sunny glanced at her in confusion.

"What?"

She pointed at the Great River.

"It's flat. Although its shape makes it so that the entirety of the river is one plane, there are actually two sides to it. The tunnel we traveled through is simply a passage that connects one side to the other. In other words, we did not descend to the bottom of the Great River. We simply passed through it, emerging from the other side."

And at some point, they were catapulted out of the vortex at such a tremendous speed that the Chain Breaker soared high above the surface of the river.

How long was it going to take them to come back?

Sunny winced.

'We don't even know how long we spent on Aletheia's Island. Months could have passed… years, even… before I became aware of the loop.'

Was Kai doing fine?

What about Fallen Grace? How were that brat Cronos and its other residents fairing?

'We need to return as soon as possible.'

There was also Effie and her baby. Sunny did not know what would happen if she gave birth within the Seed. Would the baby, who had been conceived in the waking world, be a Riverborn or an Outsider? What would happen to it after they conquered the Nightmare?

'Children are resilient…'

There was a reason why the Spell infected young people. Young souls were much more malleable, and could withstand the Awakening better. Of course, no infant had even been sent into the First Nightmare, so there was no telling what would happen.

This was not a First Nightmare, either. It was the Third.

If they conquered it…

Would Effie's child become a Saint as an infant? Or would the child's soul collapse under the strain of Transcendence?

Sunny did not know.

'Damnation…'

He remained silent for a while, then shook his head.

'It's going to be fine. I refuse to believe that it won't.'

Just as he thought that, Effie suddenly cursed.

In the next moment, Jet yelled:

"Stop this damned ship right now!"

**********

