Shadow Slave - PART 197
Chapters 1961 to 1970
==============================


                                Chapter 1961 Soul of a poet.
--------------------
Several more days passed… Sunny would have lost count of how many, honestly, if not for the fact that two of his incarnations were out there in the world — one marching with the Song Army, the other preparing to raid and destroy its supply lines.

He had spent these days immersed in weaving.

At some point, Aiko delivered a collection of Memories to the basement of the Brilliant Emporium. Some of them she had purchased and was about to resell; some had come from the Fire Keepers. Sunny had to take breaks to rest his boiling mind, replenish essence, and weave more shadow threads, so he spent his breaks studying these Memories.

With each Memory he merged with, his insights grew.

Almost two weeks had passed since his battle with Revel. The Marvelous Mimic had long since healed the hole made in the floor of the dining hall by the black arrow, and Nephis was set to arrive any moment now.

Letting out a tired sigh, Sunny took a step back and looked at the Memories resting on the workbench in front of him.

The first of them was the [Bag of Withholding], the spatial storage Memory that had helped him advance his sorcery to a new level.

Next to it was a canteen that looked like it was made from green copper, housed in a black leather sleeve with an intricate image of a coiling serpent etched into it. There were some decorative patterns on the canteen itself, all following the same theme.

In truth, Sunny had crafted it from the leftover scraps of the Huntsman's axe. The canteen was a kind of storage Memory, as well, albeit quite different from the Bag of Withholding — it could store a great volume of water and purify it. Needless to say, it was his crude attempt at replicating the Endless Spring.

The [Knockoff Endless Spring] had been considered, but eventually dismissed.

Crafting the [Green Canteen] had not taken him much time, actually. However, unlike the original, it had to be filled by hand — so, Sunny sent Aiko to do just that. The canteen could really contain a lot of water, so his poor assistant had to spend an entire day filling it under the confused gazes of the Fire Keepers. They even chased her off the Ivory Island when the water level of the lake started to drop…

The third Memory Sunny had crafted for Rain had a very simple enchantment but was exceedingly difficult to devise. In terms of complexity, it might have been the most troublesome of them all, forcing Sunny to really strain himself mentally.

It was a long strip of black silk that could be used as a sash or a scarf, decorated with subtle embroidery. After thinking for a while, Sunny had named it [In Case of Emergency].

The [In Case of Emergency] was meant to serve as a safeguard against a very particular peril — the incinerating radiance of the white abyss that hung above Godgrave. Its function was indeed simple — if given a mental command, it would instantly turn the person wearing it completely still.

After all, Rain could potentially topple after a few hours of immobility due to running out of essence, which would render the entire Memory useless. So, Sunny had tried hard and eventually managed to make the [In Case of Emergency] consume less essence than any Awakened could replenish naturally, thus making its enchantment somewhat passive — as long as it was used by a person of Rain’s weight.

That was it for the utility Memories Sunny had prepared. Pressed for time, he eventually had to turn his attention to other areas.

Next to the neatly rolled sash were three arrows, each possessing a unique enchantment.

They were [Heavy Blow], [Outskirts at Noon], and [Don't Cut Yourself]. All three had black shafts crafted from the charred wood of the Burned Forest. The fletching and arrowheads, however, were different.

The [Heavy Blow] had grey fletching and an arrowhead forged from dull metal. Its enchantment was a vastly improved version of the [Burden of Peace] — one of the enchantments of the sorely missed [Morgan's Warbow]. Once the arrow pierced the flesh of the enemy, its master could pour out their essence to make it immensely heavy. The more essence spent, the heavier the arrow would become.

[Heavy Blow] was meant to slow powerful enemies down.

The [Outskirts at Noon] was also meant to debilitate a strong enemy, but in a much more insidious way. Its fletching was white, and its arrowhead was carved out of bone — a shard of bone Sunny had picked up here in Godgrave. Although its enchantment was his original creation, it was inspired by the [Blessing of Dusk] from the Shroud of Graceless Dusk.

What Sunny had done was store a mental image inside the arrow — a mental copy of the overwhelming disorientation he had experienced after enveloping the outskirts of NQSC with his shadow sense for the first time. Once the arrow struck true, this terrible cacophony of sensations was projected into the victim’s mind, hopefully causing complete sensory overload.

Outskirts at Noon was meant to daze the enemy. The master of the arrow could continue to expend essence to sustain the disorienting effect.

Finally, there was the [Don't Cut Yourself]. Its arrow and arrowhead were green, the latter forged from the same metal as the [Beast of Prey] and the [Green Canteen].

Unlike the other two arrows, which were meant to debilitate enemies, this one was meant to kill. It carried a deadly toxin, infecting the blood of those pierced by its sharp arrowhead. The longer the master of the arrow fed the enchantment with essence, the more poisoned the enemy would become. The harm dealt by the toxin was cumulative, so it was a perfect weapon for Rain, who mostly faced enemies far above her in terms of power. Even though she was much weaker, with enough determination and tenacity, she would be able to slowly kill even the most terrifying of the jungle beasts.

In fact, Sunny had created all three arrows while thinking about how to help his sister deal with Nightmare Creatures that she had no business fighting yet had no choice but to fight.

Sadly, the arrows had active enchantments, so she would have to be tactical about when and how to use them. Nevertheless, he would give her effective tools to choose from, at least.

Lastly, there were the defensive Memories he had crafted.

One of them looked quite unassuming — it was a polished piece of volcanic glass hanging on a leather cord. It was a powerful charm that could passively bestow a moderate degree of resistance to elemental attacks upon its wielder or a high degree of protection if used actively. Better yet, the master of the charm could limit the scope of what resistances were active, thus augmenting them even further. As a bonus, it could either cool the wielder down in case of heat or warm them up in case of severe cold.

Sunny had called the charm the [Piece de Resistance].

…He had no idea what these words meant, exactly, but it sounded fancy and vaguely fitting.

Apart from the charm, Sunny had also crafted a Memory inspired by the chainmail shirt Nephis used to wear — which was a unique piece of enchanted armor that could be worn atop or below other Memories of that type.

The Memory he had devised was designed to augment the defensive properties of the Puppeteer’s Shroud and was made from black, lusterless leather. There was also a lining of light, dark-grey chainmail to make the entire ensemble more durable, effectively adding a second, hidden layer of physical protection to the Puppeteer’s Shroud.

He had called it the [Safety First].

These were all the Memories Sunny had crafted for Rain.

His gaze shifted to one more item lying on the workbench.

It was a bracelet much like his own.

However… Sunny had not been able to finish it yet. He needed Cassie's help to complete the weave of this unassuming, but deeply complicated Memory.

«Still… I have outdone myself this time, if I do say so myself.»

A faint smile appeared on Sunny’s face.

He couldn’t wait to present these Memories to Rain!

There was just one thing that bothered him, though…

Sunny frowned, then summoned the runes and glanced at the list of his own Memories.

[Shadow Chair], [Overpriced Saddle], [Weaver’s Needle], [Handy Bracelet], [Quintessence Pearl], [Definitely Not Me]…

His gaze shifted to the Memories he had crafted in the last few days. [Bag of Withholding], [Green Canteen], [In Case of Emergency], [Don’t Cut Yourself], [Outskirts at Noon], [Safety First]…

He closed his eyes and let out a quiet sigh.

There was no denying it.

«I guess… I have a poetic soul, too…»

Sunny was starting to understand how he and Rain had ended up with their weird names.

**********


                                Chapter 1962 Darkest shadow.
--------------------
A deep yawn escaped Sunny as he kneaded his weary shoulders. Despite his status as a Saint — and an extraordinary one at that — even he had his limits. The past weeks had been nothing short of grueling: the fierce battle against Revel, the intricate process of merging with Shadows and Memories, and the relentless week of weaving…

His mind screamed for rest.

Neither of his aspects — the Lord of Shadows nor Rain's mentor — had found a moment's peace throughout this ordeal.

With deliberate movements, he retrieved the [Bag of Withholding], its ancient clasp creaking as he opened it to store the remaining Memories within. Task finally complete, he emerged from the Brilliant Emporium's basement, dreaming of collapsing onto the plush bed awaiting him on the second floor. But first, he made his way to the entrance, where he carefully returned the Silver Bell to its designated spot above the door.

«There. Back where it belongs.»

As he gazed at the softly gleaming bell, an odd thought struck him.

«How ironic.»

He remembered lamenting his lack of a home once, which had prompted Noctis — another Saint far from his original dwelling — to offer heartfelt counsel. While Noctis had built himself the Sanctuary, Sunny had created something quite different.

The Brilliant Emporium stood as testament to his peculiar nature. What kind of person crafts a home specifically designed to follow them everywhere, ensuring they could never lose it again? It spoke volumes about his deep-seated fears.

Yet he couldn't deny its effectiveness. Here he was, living comfortably in his cottage despite the transition from Bastion to Godgrave. A small, satisfied smile played across his lips.

«Perhaps I'm more clever than I give myself credit for.»

His thoughts wandered to the Marvelous Mimic's future form. Would it someday house both him and Nephis? The prospect filled him with warmth.

His smile grew as he imagined sharing this cozy space with Neph. Of course, modifications would be necessary. She'd need her own closet, though knowing her priorities, a training ground would come first.

Additional rooms would follow — another bathroom, an office, a proper library, and perhaps… a nursery?

The thought made him cough awkwardly.

His expression sobered as reality intruded.

«Ah. Right.»

If they survived to see that future, they would be Supreme. Nephis would be more than just powerful — she would be a queen, likely humanity's sole ruler, bearing responsibility for both their territory in the Dream Realm and their crumbling homeworld.

A queen couldn't very well reside in a humble cottage.

He released a heavy sigh before brightening slightly.

«Though that's not insurmountable.»

The Marvelous Mimic possessed another remarkable quality — its ability to reshape itself. Since its form's complexity depended on Sunny's soul strength, by the time he reached Sovereign status, his modest cottage could easily transform into a magnificent palace.

Sunny scrubbed his face with his hands.

«What strange paths my mind wanders…»

«Sleep. I need sleep.»

He turned toward the stairs, but before he could reach them, the Silver Bell's gentle chime announced Aiko's arrival. She entered the dining hall wearing a bright smile, only to freeze upon spotting him.

«Boss! You've emerged from the basement?»

«Her surprise is rather unnecessary… I'm hardly some cave-dwelling hermit!»

After studying her briefly, he nodded.

«Indeed. You seem particularly cheerful.»

Her grin widened.

«Oh! Saint Tyris has returned to camp. Which means we'll have a break from those awful Cloudbreaks. They're such a nuisance — during the last one, I was headed to the bathroom and got stuck there for four whole hours!»

Sunny's expression turned deadpan.

«That's… more information than I required.»

Then the significance of her words struck him.

«Saint Tyris has returned…»

Sky Tide had been traveling with Neph's group.

Which meant Nephis was back as well…

His eyes lit up with sudden energy.

«Finally!»

With renewed vigor, he turned away from Aiko and headed for the door. After a moment's consideration, though, he used Shadow Step to transport himself to the Brilliant Emporium's second floor.

Two weeks in the basement had left their mark on his appearance, after all.

Meeting Nephis looking anything less than presentable was out of the question.

«A thorough shower is in order…»

—— —— ——

While Sunny's anticipation for Nephis's return ran high, the entire Sword Army shared his excitement.

The army had split its forces between two locations. The main contingent remained at their primary camp, while the expedition force established a secondary position on the dead deity's breastbone. Nephis's return would likely trigger a reorganization of these forces — her delayed arrival stemmed from her mission to secure a safer, broader path connecting the two camps.

The secondary camp would function as their offensive spearhead against the Song Army, while the main camp provided rear support. The troops stationed within the Breastbone Reach represented the Sword Army's finest — veterans who had survived the nightmarish campaign to claim the Vanishing Lake Citadel, renamed after Nephis reduced most of it to ashes during her confrontation with Moonveil.

The main camp's soldiers were no strangers to combat either, having gradually conquered the eastern Collarbone Plain while battling the scarlet infestation. However, they knew the expedition force's trials and the battle for Vanishing Lake only through increasingly elaborate tales.

Whether these stories originated from Clan Valor's elders attempting to boost morale or from Cassie's careful manipulation remained unclear, but they painted grandiose portraits of Summer Knight, the Lord of Shadows, and Changing Star — particularly the latter two. Despite his self-imposed basement exile, Sunny had heard the whispers about the Lord of Shadows. Had he not been that very figure, he might have found himself impressed by the descriptions.

They spoke of a mysterious entity wielding unfathomable power with ruthless precision. A fearless warrior commanding darkness and death itself, leading an army of terrifying beings against countless monstrosities. Yet simultaneously, a brilliant tactician who preserved his soldiers' lives against impossible odds.

«Well… perhaps I am somewhat impressive.»

Sunny often overlooked his own extraordinary capabilities — understandable, given how his opponents seemed to grow exponentially more powerful at an alarming rate.

But to ordinary Awakened, the Lord of Shadows must appear truly terrifying — a being whose dark powers defied comprehension. The Sword Army's troops counted themselves fortunate to have such an ally, while the Song Army would soon learn to dread the very shadows themselves.

Fortunately, none suspected that the Lord of Shadows represented merely half of Sunny's true might.

That knowledge would have robbed them all of sleep.

**********


                                Chapter 1963 Brightest star.
--------------------
For all the reverence the Lord of Shadows commanded, his reputation paled before the luminous legacy of Changing Star, last scion of the Immortal Flame clan.

The contrast made perfect sense. Their very essences dictated their roles — one destined to lurk in darkness, the other to blaze like a beacon. More than that, while the Lord of Shadows remained an enigmatic newcomer, Nephis had long since become the beating heart of these people's hopes.

Their devotion ran deep, rooted in decades of admiring her illustrious family. They had witnessed her meteoric rise firsthand: her extraordinary achievement at the Forgotten Shore, her triumphant return as a Master after a solitary quest across the Dream Realm, and her unwavering protection through the tumultuous years following the Chain of Nightmares.

Where Sunny's connection to humanity remained tenuous, Nephis had forged bonds of steel.

Little wonder, then, that the Sword Army's entire camp hummed with anticipation at her return.

Yet more fascinating was her unexpected popularity among the Song Army's ranks.

At first glance, it seemed paradoxical — Changing Star stood as their declared enemy. But the same qualities that endeared her to the Sword Army resonated across battle lines. Moreover, word had spread — carefully orchestrated by Cassie, no doubt — that among all Valor's champions, only Nephis had raised her voice against the King's declaration of war.

Thus, while Song's warriors spat venom at the mention of other Sword Domain Saints, particularly the King himself, they spoke of the Immortal Flame's daughter with something closer to wistful regret.

This sentiment echoed strongest in Rain.

Though she seldom discussed Nephis and her companions, Sunny recognized the turmoil in his sister's heart. Her memories, though altered, held clear images: Effie as a neighbor, lessons from Nephis and Kai, casual meetings with Cassie. The prospect of facing them as enemies across a battlefield weighed heavily on her soul.

But Rain's struggle merely exemplified a broader tragedy. Though presented as a conflict between sovereign Domains, the war between Anvil and Ki Song cut deeper — a civil war that severed bonds of friendship and even blood. The arbitrary nature of their allegiances only twisted the knife; the Nightmare Spell had scattered people across the Dream Realm with cold indifference, and few possessed the means to traverse the vast distances between Citadels or brave the treacherous Stormsea.

Master Orum's fate stood as a stark example. His clan's eastern location had forced their vassalage to Valor; had the Spell cast them westward, he might have served Ki Song proudly instead of dying a «traitor» in a lightless cell.

Discontent simmered in both armies. As the initial shock subsided and the specter of impending bloodshed loomed closer, resentment and fear poisoned the air. Yet what choice did they have? The Supremes had spoken, and mere mortals could not defy their will.

Sunny, however, saw opportunity in their growing disillusionment. As the war's atrocities mounted and hearts grew heavy with grief, he knew the soldiers would become increasingly receptive to Neph's radical solution — the overthrow of the very Sovereigns who had forced them into this fratricidal conflict.

The enthusiastic welcome greeting Nephis suggested his calculations proved accurate. Even Sunny's fearsome reputation as the Lord of Shadows would serve their cause. In this realm where might made right, his apparent allegiance to Nephis would legitimize her authority. After all, what better proof of her power than her ability to command such a terrifying force?

Sunny lingered at the warcamp's gates, listening to the excited chatter of the crowd:

«They've returned!»

«The Fire Keepers all made it…»

«Glory! Glory!»

Whispers about his alter ego filtered through as well.

These celebrations masked a bitter truth — the victory at Vanishing Lake had come at a devastating cost. Seven Saints lost, each death not only weakening humanity's defenses but guaranteeing more casualties in the battles to come.

Though some knew the truth — the bereaved clans had been informed, and word had spread — most preferred to focus on more palatable narratives: the triumph of Changing Star and the Lord of Shadows, the supposed defeat of Dark Dancer Revel and her sisters.

But such concerns could wait.

For now, after far too many days apart, Sunny had eyes only for Nephis.

His smile softened with genuine warmth.

«There you are.»

**********


                                Chapter 1964 Nice experience.
--------------------
At the column's head, Nephis advanced with her characteristic grace, every bit as luminous as Sunny remembered. Filtered sunlight pierced the clouded veil above, catching her silver hair in its gentle rays. Her slender form moved with fluid elegance, softly draped in a pristine white tunic that caught the breeze.

Sunny's eyes widened in surprise.

«She really meant it…»

True to her word, she had abandoned her usual attire. Gone was the gleaming steel armor that had made her look so valiant and knightly, replaced by the simple tunic and leather sandals. The change lent her an air of approachable beauty that drew even more attention than her martial appearance had.

Not that Sunny minded the change.

Behind her, the Fire Keepers trudged wearily, clearly worn down by the oppressive heat of their journey. Yet Nephis appeared remarkably fresh, as though she hadn't spent days traversing Godgrave's treacherous landscape. Sunny noticed curious droplets of water still clinging to her hair.

«How does she manage to look so immaculate?»

The mystery would have to wait.

While the crowd erupted in jubilant cheers around him, Sunny remained silent, drinking in her presence. Perhaps sensing his gaze, Nephis turned, her eyes finding his among the masses.

Her lips curved into a smile that stole his breath.

The crowd's cheering intensified.

A rough hand suddenly gripped Sunny's shoulder as an overexcited voice bellowed in his ear:

«Did… did you see that?! She smiled at me!»

Another voice immediately contested from his other side:

«Are you daft? Why would Lady Changing Star smile at you of all people? That smile was clearly meant for me!»

A third voice joined the fray:

«You're both wrong — it was obviously for me!»

The soldiers' enthusiasm bordered on hysteria.

Sunny could only grin at their fervor.

«Yes, I saw it.»

But he knew better than all of them.

His eyes followed Nephis as she entered the camp.

«That smile was mine alone.»

Really no one else's.

—— —— ——

Once Nephis had arrived, Sunny slipped away to the Ivory Island. With Anvil occupied defending the Vanishing Lake and Morgan protecting Bastion, she remained the sole royal family member in the main camp. Her duties would keep her busy for some time before she could retire to her Citadel.

Perfect opportunity for preparation.

His earlier exhaustion had mysteriously vanished, replaced by an energetic buzz that belied his recent sleepless weeks. Only the occasional betraying yawn hinted at his true state.

«What to do first…»

Sunny yearned to create a romantic moment with Nephis, but Godgrave offered precious few opportunities for traditional courtship. His knowledge of such matters was limited to vague notions picked up here and there.

The conventional options seemed simple enough — shared walks, entertainment venues, fine dining. Perhaps visits to cultural institutions or recreational facilities — though he remained unclear on what exactly an «amusement park» entailed. Any activity that let couples share pleasant moments in agreeable surroundings.

But Godgrave provided none of these. No peaceful promenades, no theaters, no restaurants. No galleries, no festivals, no performances. Their time together usually involved fighting grotesque Nightmare Creatures — thrilling, perhaps, but hardly romantic.

A frustrated sigh escaped him.

«Curse this realm.»

His options for displaying affection were desperately limited. Cooking good meals, offering massages, lending an attentive ear — all worthy gestures, but somehow insufficient.

Then his eyes flew wide as realization struck. His palm met his forehead with an audible smack.

«Gifts! How could I forget about gifts? I'm such a fool!»

A Memory would have been perfect. The oversight stung now that it was too late. Shaking off his self-recrimination, Sunny ransacked the Brilliant Emporium's pantry before using Shadow Step to transport himself to the Ivory Tower. At least he could still prepare a proper feast.

After weeks of field rations and the sparse fare during their march to Vanishing Lake, she deserved something special. The thought made him chuckle as he worked.

«Speaking of taste… I'm quite the delicacy myself.»

The observation wasn't mere vanity — countless Nightmare Creatures had attempted to devour him despite his unimposing frame. Surely his exquisite flavor explained their persistent interest?

So absorbed was he in his cooking that he missed the soft footfalls behind him. A familiar voice made him start.

«What has you so amused?»

Sunny went still before slowly turning.

Nephis stood there, wearing that subtle smile he adored. Up close, her beauty was even more devastating than it had been at the gates, sending his pulse racing.

Though perhaps his racing heart owed something to the awkward timing of her question.

He swallowed hard before deciding honesty was his only option:

«I was just thinking that I must be quite delicious… you know, taste-wise.»

Her smile grew, gray eyes sparkling with warmth.

After a moment's contemplative silence, she replied in her characteristic measured tone:

«I suppose I'll have to verify that claim.»

Then her hands found his shoulders, drawing him into a kiss that left no room for doubt.

His arms encircled her waist as he silently congratulated himself on his response.

«Well, I guess that settles it…»

They were clearly resuming where they'd left off before Anvil's untimely interruption at the Vanishing Lake.

And Sunny couldn't be happier about it.

**********


                                Chapter 1965: Slow burn.
--------------------
Eventually, they ended up sitting at a table across from each other. Nephis was delighting in the meal Sunny had prepared, savoring it with a satisfied smile on her captivating lips. She acted calm and composed, but her face was still a little flushed. Her eyes glistened in the sunlit expanse of the spacious stone chamber.

Sunny, meanwhile, was savoring watching Nephis eat. He just sat quietly, following her movements with his gaze, smiling faintly. He felt content, and his heart was at peace…

Actually, no. It was very much not at peace — instead, it was beating wildly, and he felt as if his entire body was on fire. It took all his willpower to stay still, maintain his composure, and keep the deep, carnal hunger from reaching his eyes.

He really needed a cold shower… a very, very cold shower.

Honestly, it was too cruel. Nephis was inexperienced, and therefore irresponsible with showing him physical affection… did she really expect him to just go and cool down after being set on fire so thoroughly by her touch, her scent, and her lips? Sure, they tasted sweeter that he could describe — but Sunny was a man, and men were not usually satiated by a little taste. In fact, he felt quite insatiable at the moment.

Her presence, which naturally inspired and impassioned desires, was not helping the situation one bit.

Sunny was ready to devour her like a beast. But, he couldn't.

«Curse it. Why did I cultivate this soft and gallant image? I should have pretended to be a wild and unrestrained shopkeeper instead!»

A quiet sigh escaped from his lips.

«What is this sweet torture?»

Still, he was not in a hurry. He was enjoying the slow burn of their strange romance very much. The flirting, the tender moments of mundane closeness, the exhilarating rush of physical passion… he wanted to savor every second of it.

And, deep down, he was a little reluctant to take the next step already.

Sunny and Nephis were adults, and they both knew what they wanted. However… he was very aware of how differently they viewed each other. Nephis was fond of him, sure. She enjoyed his company greatly, and there was undeniable physical attraction between them.

She might have even begun to develop an emotional connection, learning to care for and depend on him. She certainly trusted him a great deal.

But at the end of the day, Sunny was still a stranger to Nephis. She had only known him for a few months, after all… and while some of the experiences the two of them had shared were quite intense, they could never compare to the lifetime bond that still dwelled in his heart.

A bond that Nephis did not remember.

So… deep down, Sunny hoped that she would at least learn to value him more before their relationship evolved into something more meaningful and irreversible.

Before that happened, he would have to be satisfied with what existed between them now. It was fine… he had waited to be with her for many years, and he could wait a little longer. These little sweet moments were precious enough, and he wasn't going to rush.

As Sunny was thinking about that, Nephis glanced at him with a smile and… and winked innocently.

His body shivered.

«…No, I take it back.»

What was the point of being slow and steady? Fortune favored the bold! He had waited for almost ten years, already, so there was no harm in rushing at all!

If Nephis beckoned him with a finger, he would not hesitate to rush across the finish line right there and then.

The furniture in Neph's chamber might not survive.

Watching his eyes grow a few shades darker, Nephis chuckled.

«You look really funny.»

Sunny remained silent for a few moments, then asked in a slightly hoarse voice:

«Oh? How so?»

She put a grape into her mouth, enjoyed it thoroughly, and then shrugged with a smile.

«It's just that… you're so intense, but also can't stop yawning. It is so cute… I mean, such a contrast!»

She reached for another grape, then seemed to change her mind.

«Have you not gotten any rest lately?»

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

«Have I been yawning?»

He hadn't noticed at all.

Suddenly, he was embarrassed.

«I wasn't yawning… before… right?»

Not just embarrassed, mortified!

Sunny coughed.

«Oh… yeah. To be honest, I haven't slept for a couple of weeks. I've been busy working on my sorcery ever since the battle at Vanishing Lake. Right! I created quite a few Memories as practice. Let me show you…»

He was about to summon the Bag of Withholding, but then froze for a few moments.

«Uh… before that…»

With that, he manifested the gloomy shadow into an avatar.

A second later, a second Sunny was standing near the table, wrapped in clothes made from shadows. Nephis looked at him in surprise, and at that moment, the avatar swayed, clutched at his chest with a grimace, and fell to one knee.

The wound dealt to him by the black arrow was refusing to heal. Usually, a Saint would be able to recover from a non-lethal injury quite swiftly, but this one had turned out to be unusually stubborn. Even though it wasn't getting worse, it wasn't getting any better, either.

Which was a real shame, because Sunny would have been able to weave much faster with the help of an additional avatar.

«What happened?»

Neph's voice was full of alarm.

Sunny endured the pain, looked up at her with a pale face, and smiled weakly.

«Well. How do I say this… I visited the Shadow Realm and was shot by an arrow through the heart?»

Her eyes widened.

Nephis remained still for a short moment, and then pushed the grapes away.

«And you are only telling me this now?!»

As a soft white radiance enveloped her hands, Sunny coughed — this time because he was drowning in blood, as opposed to out of embarrassment — and gave her an apologetic smile.

«I just… didn't want… to cause you pain…»

**********


                                Chapter 1966: Fragile flowers.
--------------------
Once again, Sunny felt Neph's gentle touch, and a pleasant warmth enveloped his body, washing all his pain away.

The relief was palpable and exhilarating, dazing him for a short moment.

Of course, it was darkened by the knowledge that the pain he was liberated from was at least equal, and very likely much inferior, to the pain Nephis endured for his sake in return.

As the soft radiance enveloping her hands dimmed and was extinguished, she supported the avatar and looked at Master Sunless, who was still sitting at the table.

Her expression was strangely dark for a moment, and then turned stern.

«…No more of that nonsense.»

Confused, Sunny raised an eyebrow.

«What do you mean?»

Nephis remained silent for a moment, then sighed deeply and let go of the avatar.

Patting him on the shoulder, she rose from the floor and walked back to her chair.

«The sparing me the pain nonsense.»

Nephis took a glass filled with fragrant wine, drank deeply from it, and then carefully placed it down.

«If I were wounded and in pain right in front of you, and you had the power to stop my suffering, would you have hesitated to help me because of a few fleeting moments of agony?»

Sunny shook his head.

«No. I mean… seeing someone I care about suffer would have been quite agonizing, anyway.»

Nephis nodded slowly.

«Exactly. So, never hesitate to ask me for help… if you will.»

Sunny did not say anything for a while. Then, he dismissed the avatar and smiled mischievously.

«…Is this your roundabout way of saying that you care about me, Lady Nephis?»

She scoffed.

«Seriously… how come I am only ever surrounded by such people?»

Nephis sighed and shook her head in resignation.

«Both you and Cassie. She has this infuriating habit of bottling things up, suffering in silence, and treating me like some kind of fragile flower. I watched her retreat into herself for four entire years, never admitting what was wrong…»

Sunny's eyes glistened.

He knew that Cassie could have been very well hearing this conversation, but could not endure the temptation to share his grievances with a fellow victim of the blind seer's cagey nature.

«Right? She's so secretive! Like, who in their right mind would keep so much to themselves? For years! Vital information, too!»

Of course, he knew that Cassie had most likely only been withdrawn in the last four years because she simply couldn't make Nephis — or anyone, really, except for Sunny himself —remember what she had to say.

And he knew that Cassie's habit of keeping secrets close to her chest was because of the trauma of watching her visions become self-fulfilling prophecies in the most horrible way — Sunny was personally responsible for cementing that trauma in her heart, after all.

But still. Was there anyone who could pass on the chance to complain about a friend to someone who knew them as well?

Neph's eyes glistened with fervor.

«Right! She didn't even tell me that you were the Lord of Shadows! So despicable!»

Sunny opened his mouth to agree, then closed it and coughed.

«Well, that… was my fault, really…»

Nephis looked at him with an appalled expression, but couldn't maintain it for long and laughed.

«Oh, I know.»

Then, she lowered her head and gave him a curious glance.

It seemed like she wanted to ask something, but in the end, she did not.

It was only then that Sunny realized that he had let more than he wanted to slip. His words implied that he had known Cassie for a long, long time.

Nephis must have noticed that, but decided to remain silent.

By now, she had to know that there was a strange connection between her and Sunny. But, perhaps because of the conversation they had had once in Bastion, she never pressed him to share the truth.

Sunny was thankful for that, because he knew that he would not be able to answer.

…But at the same time, it pained him, because he wanted for her to ask the question so badly.

It was a strange thing.

Nephis studied his face for a bit, then leaned back and let out a sigh.

Then, she raised an eyebrow.

«So… what was it about visiting the Shadow Realm and being shot through the heart by an arrow?»

Her eyes narrowed.

«…Who dared?»

—— —— ——

Sunny spent some time telling Nephis about the breakthrough he had made during the battle against Revel, the subsequent experiments he performed, and his brief visit to the Shadow Realm.

The conversation had taken longer than he expected because he had to be very careful with his words. Some things, he could share freely. Some, he had to be very vague about to avoid watching Nephis forget everything he said.

In the end, though, she understood most of what had happened.

Sunny then proceeded to boast about the Memories he had crafted.

«…And this is the [Green Canteen]. At its core, it is a spatial storage Memory — but not a simple one! Of course, I had to manage its weight first and foremost, just like the Bag of Withholding. But that's not all. I was also able to weave an enchantment that allows it to purify water — it can even desalinate it, albeit slowly. Now, that created a problem of its own — how to separate the purified water, the polluted water, and the byproducts of purification, including salt…»

Noticing that Nephis was looking at him with an amused smile, Sunny stopped.

«…What?»

She shook her head lightly.

«It's nothing, Sunny. I'm just seeing another one of your many faces. I've never seen you so enthused about anything, I think.»

Sunny's gaze slipped to her lips. He lingered for a moment.

«I'm sure there was something I was more enthused about.»

Nephis laughed.

«Oh, yes… I felt your enthusiasm quite clearly…»

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

«What's that supposed to mean?»

Then, he shook his head.

«Well, you're not wrong. We are different, after all, you and I.»

Nephis tilted her head a little.

«Different? How so?»

Sunny hesitated for a few moments, looking at the enchanted canteen in his hand. Then, he offered her a faint smile.

«You were born to a family of warriors. You have inherited swordsmanship from your father, and wielding a sword is both your passion and your calling. I, however… only picked up the sword out of necessity. I've gotten quite good at wielding it, true. But if left alone, I would have much preferred to do something else. Like running a Memory store, writing academic papers, or managing a small restaurant.»

Nephis seemed surprised by his words.

«Really?»

Once again, it looked like she wanted to ask more. But she held herself back, sensing that he wouldn't answer.

Sunny tried to ignore the awkward pause and nodded.

«Sure. I am not a very brave and virtuous person by nature. If anything, my true nature is fifty percent greed and fifty percent hedonism. Oh, and a little bit of spite.»

Neph smiled gently.

«It seemed that you are more remarkable than I thought, then, Master Sunless. Because it takes much more effort to become who you are now while going against your nature.»

She sighed.

«It even makes me feel insecure about my own swordsmanship. After all, as you said, it is not only my calling, but also my inheritance.»

Hearing that, Sunny froze for a moment.

«Right.»

Her inheritance…

He wanted to spend more time with Nephis, but there was something more important than their reunion.

Sunny hesitated a little, then dismissed the [Green Canteen] and said tentatively:

«About that… I think you should talk to Cassie soon. We have discovered something important. As well as something that might be of great value to you, and only you.»

**********


                                Chapter 1967: Lost Together
--------------------
Nephis had only just returned to the camp, so she did not know about the memories of Master Orum yet. Sunny selfishly wanted to stay in her company for a while longer, but it was important for her to meet Cassie.

Not only because of the knowledge about the Sovereigns that Orum's memories contained, butalso because they were a testament to the lives of her parents.

Broken Sword, Smile of Heaven...

The two of them, who had been the shining stars of humanity once, were long gone. And they had not left a lot behind for their daughter, who carried the weight of their legacy alone.

When Sunny spoke, Nephis nodded lightly and stood up. Placing a hand on his shoulder, she smiled.

"Alright. Wait a little, I'll be back shortly."

With that, she left. Cassie's living quarters were only one floor below her own, so she did not have to go far... however, Sunny knew that it was going to take her quite a long time to come back.

Left alone, he sighed quietly.

Suddenly, the fatigue that he had forgotten about returned, making his eyelids feel heavy.

Sunny remained at the table for a while, picking up a few grapes absentmindedly. Then, he stood up and walked over to the wide balcony, looking at the landscape of the army camp far below.

Neph's chambers were spacious and sparsely furnished. The white walls were unadorned, and there was nowhere to rest except for the bed hidden beneath a canopy, which fluttered gently in the breeze. Shadows and sunlight were interspersed with open space, creating a beautiful and complicated mosaic.

Sunny hesitated for a few moments, then sat down on the bed and closed his eyes, intending to let them rest for a moment.

Instead, he simply fell asleep.

His tired body desperately needed reprieve, and so did his overtaxed mind.

So, Sunny decided not to wake himself up.

Master Sunless had nothing to do at the moment, anyway. His other two incarnations could pick up the slack.

The Lord of Shadows was preparing to attack the Song Army from the rear. Rain's mercurial teacher was busy hiding from the Queen of Worms while keeping his headstrong disciple safe.

So, he drifted into the soft embrace of sleep.

..After a while, feeling rested and refreshed, he became aware of his surroundings once again and slowly opened his eyes.

It seemed that he had been asleep for much longer than intended. The air smelled of impending rain, and the stone chamber was much darker than before. Considering that there were no nights in Godgrave, it could only mean that storm clouds were gathering in the sky, casting a deep shadow on the war camp of the Sword Army.

Sunny was still in the sweet grasp of sleep, a little. The bed was soft and welcoming, and both his body and mind felt revived. He was in a very good mood.

'The Hollows are going to be flooded again.'

At least the Hollows of the eastern reach of the Collarbone Plain. He did not know how vast the approaching storm would be.

Turning his head, Sunny noticed that Nephis had come back at some point. She was sitting on a chair a few meters away, looking at the piece of the grey sky visible through the arches of the balcony. Her distant eyes were the same color as the stormy sky, harboring a hint of melancholy.

Watching her, Sunny belatedly realized that he was laying comfortably on her bed, his head resting on a soft pillow. However, he did not move, reluctant to disturb her thoughts.

Nevertheless, Nephis must have sensed his gaze

- or maybe something deeper - and turned.

Her face remained motionless for a few moments, and was then illuminated by a faint smile.

"You're awake."

Sunny nodded.

"Yes. Sorry... I just closed my eyes for a moment, and that seemed to have powered me down. She shook her head lightly.

"That's alright. It was... sweet, actually. I got to see another of your faces. You look very different when you sleep."

He raised an eyebrow, hiding his embarrassment.

Sunny had only recently called himself delicious, but really, no one had ever described him as sweet - at least not that he could remember. His expression wavered for a moment.

'Wait. Was she watching me sleep?'

He wasn't quite sure how to feel about it.

Not the least because it meant that he felt safe enough here to not even bother staying aware of his surroundings with the help of the gloomy shadow.

Glancing at it briefly, Sunny looked back to Nephis and hesitated for a moment.

"Have you met Cassie?"

She turned to the grey sky again and nodded after a short pause.

"Yes. We learned quite a bit about the Sovereigns. It's... good news."

In the silence that followed, Sunny sighed deeply.

"What about the rest of it?"

Nephis looked up and smiled.

There was a hint of bitterness in her smile.

Eventually, she sighed.

"It is something special, isn't it? Cassie's power. I never thought I'd get to see my mother one day. I mean... how she was before becoming Hollow. I had only ever heard about how bright and wonderful she was from others.

Nephis lingered for a few moments and added, her voice growing a little distant:

"My dad, too. I still remember him, a little - it was not like we were particularly close, though.

He was not indifferent or uncaring, just... always busy. And always bleak, even if he tried to brighten up when around me. Looking back, he was really obsessed with what he was trying to achieve. Conquering the Fourth Nightmare, most likely. The apple... doesn't fall far from the tree, does it?"

She sighed.

"It was really strange, to see them like that.

Young, radiant, loving, and brimming with hope. I had thought... that it would be a solace, to finally know what they were like. To know that they have not always been just a pair of ghosts.

Especially my mother."

She looked down at her hands and added, her voice sounding wistful: "But to be honest..."

Nephis sighed.

"..In the end, witnessing them only made me feel lonelier."

Sunny remained silent for a while, not knowing what to say. Everything he wanted to say to her would be forgotten in a few moments, never leaving a mark. So, there was no point.

Eventually, he looked at the ceiling.

"There is this guy that I know. Who became an orphan early on. He was lonely for a long time, too. But then, he met a girl."

He paused for a few seconds.

"And then, he lost that girl. And then, he found her again, only to lose her again. Come to think of it, I guess it's wrong to say that he lost her -

rather, it was him who became lost. In any case, what I am trying to say is... actually, I'm not sure what I'm trying to say."

Sunny smiled.

"I seem to have had some kind of idea when I started talking, but now, I don't know. You don't have to feel like that, I guess."

Nephis chuckled softly.

Standing up, she walked over to the bed and sat down, looking at Sunny from above. There was a strange emotion in her eyes... both bitter and sweet, both powerful and timid.

Perhaps it was longing.

Nephis smiled.

"Well... how does the story end? Was that guy found in the end?" Sunny answered her smile with one of his own, then shrugged.

"I'm not sure yet. Time will tell..."

She gazed at him deeply, not saying anything.

Slowly, her smile dimmed, replaced by a calm and sober expression. And the strange emotion in her eyes grew more intense.

Sunny wanted to speak, but before he could, Nephis leaned down and kissed him deeply. Her lips were like flame, setting his heart on fire. His hands rose, hovered hesitantly near her waist for a moment, and then wrapped around her tightly.

As if intending to never let her go.

Never let her go again.

Responding to her kiss, Sunny pushed himself toward her, and then gently pulled her onto the bed.

A flash of lightning illuminated the world, and somewhere in the distance, a deafening thunderclap shook the world.

However, neither Sunny nor Nephis were aware of the storm, fully and utterly lost in each other.

**********


                                Chapter 1968: Council of Shadows
--------------------
Somewhere far away, a titanic humerus bone hung far above the desolate ashen wasteland like a floating mountain chain. It was the right arm of the dead deity that connected Godgrave to the distant Moonriver Plain, as well as to the road leading to Ravenheart.

Not long ago, it had been covered by the scarlet jungle. Now, however, the jungle was gone—the vermilion forest had been obliterated by the soldiers, and the white slope shone blindingly under the radiant, overcast sky.

Then, there was movement.

A small bird suddenly fell clumsily from that sky, colliding with the bone surface at full speed, head-first. The black crow bounced off the ground, rolled a couple of times, then jumped to its feet and shook its tiny head dazedly.

Then, it remained motionless for a while before suddenly bursting into a tide of shadows.

Those shadows surged and formed into the menacing figure of the Lord of Shadows. Sunny stared at the horizon with an absent expression. He was supposed to be preparing an ambush for the supply convoy of the Song Army right about now.

But... how the hell... was he supposed to...

He was already lucky to have fallen on the arm of the dead deity instead of plummeting straight into the Sea of Ash. That would have been... would have been...

What was he thinking about?

Why was he even thinking about anything, to begin with?!

Shaking his head decidedly, Sunny fell backward and crumbled into four bewildered shadows. He had released control of his incarnation, entirely unwilling to split his attention between several bodies... right now.

The shadows looked at each other in confusion.

Nobody was controlling them at the moment, so it was unclear what they were supposed to do. A few seconds later...

The naughty shadow suddenly threw its arms into the air and performed a triumphant pirouette. Then, it threw a smug, satisfied look at its companions.

The haughty shadow would have usually given its sibling a contemptuous stare, but this time, it charitably held itself back. In fact, it raised his chin even higher than usual, emanating a very subtle feeling of contentment and pride.

As if saying:

"Finally. Everything is as it should be."

Haughty was such an august shadow, after all. It could reluctantly approve of being with a literal princess—their master had done something worthy... for once...

Even the crazy shadow seemed happy. Or... at least excited. It was usually hard to tell what the lunatic felt, but today, it seemed to be in a good mood. Too good of a mood, maybe.

Only the creepy shadow remained his usual self. No, not quite... he looked very puzzled by the whole situation. And a little bored.

His emotionless stare seemed to convey a silent question:

"I don't really know what is happening, but weren't we supposed to start killing soon? Hello? Can we concentrate on the important stuff? Hello?!"

Why wasn't anyone listening?

The other three shadows ignored him.

Creepy scratched the back of his head.

Well. It wasn't all bad. At least he was learning new things... about human anatomy.

In fact.

It was quite fascinating.

Eventually—quite some time later—the haughty shadow coalesced into the fearsome Lord of Shadows once more. Only... he wasn't so fearsome anymore.

It was hard to maintain one's ferocity while happily humming a tune. Sunny only realized that he was humming a few minutes later, though, and forced himself to stop. However, he neglected to erase the stupid smile from his face. His face was hidden behind Weaver's Mask, anyway, so no one would know.

The other three shadows were giving him strange looks.

Well, the gazes of the creepy shadow and the crazy shadow were strange. The naughty guy... was quite obvious and expressive.

Sunny grinned.

"Shut up."

He failed to make his voice sound stern, though.

'What does he even know...'

Looking around, Sunny tried to concentrate and glanced warily at the sky. Then, he turned into a shadow and glided swiftly across the surface of the white bone.

He was already running late to his rendezvous...

Some time later, he reached the road built on the dead god's arm by the soldiers of the Song Army. It was hardly a proper road, really—not even a Sovereign could have built something substantial on the nearly indestructible surface of the ancient bone. Instead, logs scavenged from the annihilated jungle were placed on the ground, held in place by tar.

The supply caravans used this road to pull heavy carts up the slope, eventually reaching the crossing to the Collarbone Plain. Now that Ki Song had descended upon Godgrave in person, the Song Army possessed a Dream Gate of their own, so their supply situation was not as bad as it had been before.

But there were limits to what a Dream Gate could achieve. First of all, only cargo from the waking world could be carried through it, most of which was mundane. Secondly, the supply infrastructure in the waking world was a glaring vulnerability—after the fall of the House of Night, no one believed that the war would stay contained in the Dream Realm anymore.

The flow of supplies from the other side could be cut off at any moment, so both armies were working hard to maintain a logistical connection to their Domains.

Sunny's job was to disrupt that connection by harassing the Song Army from the rear.

He had briefly considered destroying the crossing itself, but decided against it in the end. The crossing was too close to the main camp of the enemy, and to their sole Citadel in Godgrave, as well. The risk of running into someone truly powerful—perhaps even the Queen herself—was too great.

So, he had chosen to start with a single caravan.

Those caravans weren't easy targets, either. The supplies were guarded by both Awakened troops and Ascended officers. From time to time, there would even be a Saint mixed between the soldiers—Clan Song had plenty of those to spare, after all.

Worse still, the carts were being pulled by Beastmaster's thralls, and there were dead pilgrims escorting them.

The Queen had her eyes on the caravans, so Sunny had to be swift about his attack.

He had already lost the chance to be swift due to... unforeseen circumstances...

It was worth it, though, of course—without a shadow of a doubt. Sunny couldn't stop smiling.

'Focus! There is no time to waste.'

He could already see the head of the caravan in the distance... But, sadly, he really could not focus at all.

**********


                                Chapter 1969 Summoned Demon
--------------------
Master Karna of the Maharana Clan observed the white slopes of the dead god's arm with a somber expression. The abominable jungle was gone, and the caravan was far above the Sea of Ash now. The crossing to the Collarbone Plain was close, so the most dangerous part of the journey was almost behind them.

Yet still, he felt ill at ease.

Perhaps it was because of the radiant clouds above, or because of how desolate the landscape was. Perhaps it was for no reason at all, and he was simply tense because of the heavy responsibility of protecting the caravan. Although not a grizzled veteran, he was experienced enough to know that the last stretch of a journey was often the most perilous — for no other reason than the fact that people tended to abandon caution once the final destination was already in sight.

His cousin, Saint Dar, had taught him that.

'We ought to stay alert.'

He turned back to look at the caravan.

The sight alleviated his worry, somewhat.

There were more than a hundred heavy wagons being pulled across the crude road, each loaded with precious supplies. Which meant that there were at least a hundred ferocious, towering creatures pulling them — Beastmaster's thralls, most of them at least equal to him in Rank. Some of the enthralled Nightmare Creatures had come from the various regions of the Song Domain, some had been subjugated by the Queen's daughter here in Godgrave. They alone were a fearsome force, making the caravan akin to a moving fortress.

But the thralls weren't the only ones defending it.

There were Awakened warriors, as well — two hundred of them. There were a dozen Masters like him. There were also powerful Echoes, and, most importantly of all...

The pilgrims were escorting the caravan, walking silently at its flanks. Although the walking dead made Karna uneasy, they were the heralds of the Queen. As such, they were the best shield he could have hoped for.

The caravan had already experienced several battles on the way to Godgrave, obliterating swarms of Nightmare Creatures lured by the smell of human souls. Each time, the abominations were easily eradicated before reaching the wagons — so, it was hard to imagine that something could threaten him and his soldiers.

'We are already so close...'

Unless a demon climbed out of hell to destroy them, they would make it to the warcamp unscathed.

"Karna!"

The shout of a fellow Master made him flinch and turn around.

He did not need to know what they were warning him about. He could already see.

Out there in front of them, in the distance, a dark figure was standing on the sun-bleached surface of the ancient bone. It had appeared out of nowhere like an apparition, for there had been no one and nothing ahead just a few short moments ago.

‘A... a pilgrim? Was someone sent to meet us?’

Feeling a chill creep up his spine, Karna narrowed his eyes.

He saw a fearsome armor that seemed to be carved out of polished black onyx. A frightening mask that resembled the face of a fierce demon, crowned by three twisting horns. The apparition was motionless, looking down. Its long white hair was moving slightly in the wind, like strands of a silken spiderweb.

But then, as if sensing Karna's gaze, the demon looked up, revealing two pools of darkness where the mask's eyes should have been.

Karna trembled.

For a moment, he really believed that his careless thought had summoned a devil from the depths of hell to feast on their souls.

But then, he forcefully composed himself.

“It... it's him.”

The Lord of Shadows.

The sellsword Saint who had faced Dark Dancer Revel and survived. The news of the battle at Vanishing Lake had spread through the Song Army swiftly. Although the daughters of the Queen had ultimately failed to capture the Citadel, they still managed to escape unscathed after killing seven Saints of the Sword Domain.

Karna wasn't particularly happy to know that those great warriors had perished, but he knew that it was a triumphant victory that would save the lives of countless soldiers like him in the future.

Regardless, one of the most extraordinary details about the battle of Vanishing Lakes was the clash between the Lightslayer and the Lord of Shadows. He had not shown his strength before, but now, there was no one in Godgrave who did not know about it, and was not wary of him. Although very few people in the Song Domain had ever seen him, rumors about the sinister fiend hired by the wicked King of Swords were both abundant and frightening.

Some said that he was a madman whose Flaw demanded that he revel in bloodshed and slaughter. Some said that he was the last surviving member of a fallen clan, sworn to vengeance against all of humanity. Some said that he was a loathsome killer who had escaped to the Dream Realm many years ago to save himself from being pursued by the Soul Reaper.

Some even said that he was no human at all, but instead a Nightmare Creature masquerading as one.

The original vessel of the Skinwalker, perhaps, or of something even more terrifying.

In any case, all the rumors agreed on one thing — that the Lord of Shadows was immensely powerful and utterly ruthless.

Karna gritted his teeth.

Still... he was merely one man.

Even if the Lord of Shadows was a Saint, he was facing an entire army alone. There were two hundred Awakened warriors, two cohorts of Masters, and a hundred enthralled Nightmare Creatures — many of them of the Corrupted Rank — facing him. There were also the pilgrims.

No matter how powerful, one man could not defeat an army.

Turning to his comrades, Karna opened his mouth, wanting to bolster their spirits and give the command to attack...

But then he froze.

Something was wrong about the world. Something was terribly, terribly wrong.

Looking down, he felt icy claws grasp his heart.

‘...What?’

The closest person to him was a fellow Master — a quiet woman who was a retainer of the royal clan. Everything about her was familiar, except for one thing. For some reason, the woman had two shadows.

Karna had two shadows, as well.

He stared at the shadows in horror, trying to understand where the extra ones had come from, and what their appearance meant. Then, he saw two crimson flames igniting in the depths of his own shadow.

...That was the last thing Karna saw.

Because in the next moment, the world was suddenly consumed by impenetrable darkness.

**********


                                Chapter 1970 Fear of Shadows
--------------------
Darkness had descended upon Godgrave, where the sun never set. Karna was both startled and, despite not wanting to admit it, scared. He had in his possession a Memory that granted him a night vision akin to that of a nocturnal predator, and yet, he suddenly found himself blind.

Which meant that the darkness surrounding him was not simply a vast shadow, but true darkness instead.

He could not see anything... but he could hear.

There were plenty of sounds.

The roars of the enthralled Nightmare Creatures, the screaming human voices, the clangor of metal, the nauseating crunching of splitting flesh. It all happened in an instant, turning the peaceful melody of creaking wheels into a deafening clamor of battle.

‘How can he…’

But there was no time to guess.

Snarling, Karna activated his Awakened Ability. In the next moment, he switched places with an Awakened warrior who had been guarding a wagon a few dozen meters behind.

There was still only darkness, so Karna switched places with another soldier, moving even further back.

‘Come on, come on…’

Finally, he escaped into the light.

In front of him, the front of the caravan was swallowed by a pool of darkness. Behind him was chaos — everyone was startled by the unexpected attack, not knowing what was going on.

There was something different about the state of the caravan, as well. Apart from those unfortunate souls caught in the pool of true darkness, the rest of the soldiers were alright. So were the thralls of Beastmaster.

However, the pilgrims — each and every one of them — were gone, replaced by tall bonfires.

Someone, or something, had set them all aflame in these few short moments.

Karna paled a little and jumped onto the wagon, looking ahead, in the direction where the Lord of Shadows had been standing before.

He saw the sinister Saint almost instantly.

The Lord of Shadows was calmly walking down the bone slope, his steps graceful and unhurried. The back of a black odachi rested on his shoulder, and his white hair was fluttering in the wind.

There were still several hundred meters separating him from the caravan, but the madman was indeed intending to face them all alone. Karna's eyes narrowed.

If so... he was going to oblige.

Raising his bow, he put some strength into his voice and bellowed:

"It's the Lord of Shadows! Brothers, with me... attack!"

And they did.

The warriors surged forward, the wagon drivers cut the Nightmare Creatures loose, allowing them to rush at the Valor's hired fiend in a murderous frenzy. Arrows streaked across the sky, and scores of Aspect Abilities were unleashed.

The sight of it was daunting.

However, in the next moment, Karna felt his mouth turning dry.

It was because countless shadows suddenly moved all around them, coming alive.

The light of day seemed dimmer now, the darkness deeper.

Some of the shadows shot from the ground, turning into needle-sharp spikes — they pierced the bodies of Beastmaster's thralls. Some turned into black chains that slithered across the ground, binding soldiers and pulling them down.

Some even turned into black hands, each with seven fingers that ended in sharp claws, blocking the Aspect Abilities.

Blood spilled on the white bone, a terrible cacophony of screams permeated the air, and several wagons were split apart by the unleashed violence.

Karna growled.

"Curse you!"

A Saint was a powerful existence, but not an invulnerable one. They still bled like humans and could be killed by humans.

All it would take was one sword that struck true, one arrow that bypassed the enemy's onyx armor...

Nocking an arrow on the string of his bow, Karna activated both its enchantment and his Ascended Ability, then drew it and took aim.

‘Come on!’

He was far inferior to Saint Dar in terms of archery. But he was still better and far more deadly than almost any other archer out there. And so...

Karna let his arrow loose.

It shot forward at terrible speed... and disappeared.

A split second later, though, it emerged out of nowhere mere meters away from the Lord of Shadows, ready to plunge into the eye of his fierce mask a split second later.

Its instantaneous arrival was both bizarre and insidious, and it left the enemy no time to react.

However...

Even though the Lord of Shadow could not have predicted what would happen, and had only a fraction of a second to move, he still did.

In the next moment, his hand shot upward and caught Karna's arrow, holding it a few centimeters away from his eye.

Karna staggered back.

‘I—impossible…’

But a heartbeat later, the Lord of Shadows was suddenly standing in front of him.

‘He…’

Karna's eyes widened.

He had followed the arrow back. Had he... stolen Karna's Ascended Ability?

Just like he had stolen Princess Revel's true darkness.

"He's here! Fight!"

The black odachi moved.

In the next few minutes, Karna witnessed a scene of pure horror.

The Lord of Shadows did not just look like a fiend... he was a fiend. The sinister Saint moved with the grace of a dancer and the ruthless precision of a butcher, his sword never resting and never failing to find its target. His white hair fluttered in the wind like ghostly silk.

The attacks of the Awakened warriors either missed him entirely or were deflected by the polished surface of the onyx armor, not leaving even a scratch on it. The Nightmare Creatures — terrifying monsters that had once threatened the lives of the champions of the Song Army — fell to the ground one after another, their bodies severed and horribly mangled by the black sword.

The Lord of Shadows moved in the storm of blood like an omen of death, the gaze of his fierce mask remaining utterly indifferent, utterly cold... utterly devoid of mercy.

But the demon was not without emotion.

What frightened Kama the most... was that he could faintly hear the sinister Saint humming an upbeat tune as he slaughtered Corrupted abominations and bathed in their blood.

The sick bastard... was enjoying the harrowing massacre.

Karna had been wrong.

That thing could not be a human.

It had to not be a human — otherwise, there would be nothing sane left in the world.

At some point, the Lord of Shadows seemed to have grown tired of pretending to be a person and shed his human disguise, turning into a towering devil with four mighty arms and a frightening crown of horns. His already terrifying strength exploded, and he continued his macabre dance of death, tearing a path of carnage and destruction across the caravan.

Nothing could stop him.

One second, he was in one place, gruesomely tearing a powerful Nightmare Creature apart. Next second, he was somehow a hundred meters away, throwing a Master to the ground with a heavy blow of his onyx gauntlet.

And throughout all of this, the darkness continued to flow. The shadows continued to move. The black chains rattled as they imprisoned their prey, and blood flowed like a river.

Karna was... appalled.

But his indignation did not save him.

In the end, his enchanted bow was cut in half, his sword was shattered, and he was thrown to his knees, the black chains binding his limbs.

The battle was over.

Shaking, Karna looked around.

The darkness was gone. The burning pilgrims had turned to ash. The thralls of Beastmaster were all eviscerated, laying in bloody piles on the ground. The Awakened warriors were all bound by chains, many of them unconscious...

They were utterly defeated.

And the lone creature that had defeated them had not even shed a single drop of blood.

Karna let out a desperate growl.

"Curse you! Curse you, you demon!"

His voice was the only thing breaking the silence, apart from the groans of the wounded soldiers.

No... there was another sound.

The Lord of Shadows was still humming joyfully, as if today was the best day of his life.

The terrifying demon of darkness had assumed his human form once again, observing the battlefield with a strange sense of satisfaction, like a demented artist looking at a painted canvas.

But then... Something was not right.

Karna looked around once more, trying to understand where the sense of incongruity he felt had come from.

After a while, a slight shudder ran through his body.

The pilgrims had been destroyed, and the thralls had been slaughtered. However, the humans...

Many were wounded, and many were bleeding. However, their wounds were shallow, and their bleeding was light.

They were knocked out, bound by the black chains, and immobilized. But they were alive.

Karna gasped, feeling both relieved and suffocated. He felt bitter. Because he knew...

That keeping an enemy alive in a battle was much harder than killing them. The Lord of Shadows, that fiend... had not even shown them his true power. His true malevolence, his true ability to sow death were still unknown.

‘How could that be?’

‘How bad Princess Revel survived meeting this horror?’

"Why..."

His whisper was quiet, but the dark apparition seemed to have heard him.

The Lord of Shadow turned the chilling gaze of his

lightless eyes in Karna's direction. Knowing that there was no sense in trying to avoid attention anymore, Karna gritted his teeth.

"Why did you spare us?!"

The fiend stared at him silently for a while, then chuckled.

His voice was cold and arrogant:

"...Because Changing Star asked me to show mercy today."

The Lord of Shadow grew quiet for a moment, then let out a regretful sigh.

"It's such a shame. Usually, I love nothing more than slaying humans. How unfortunate.„ ah, I'm in a terrible mood."

With that, he continued to hum his lively tune and walked away. Karna heard terrifying sounds coming from somewhere behind, but he could not turn around. It was as if something enormous was feasting, scraping the ancient bones with countless metal feet as it moved.

After some time — an eternity, perhaps — the sounds grew quiet. Then, the black chains binding him dissolved into a tide of shadows. He was free.

Standing up, Kama turned and looked around.

All around him, the wounded soldiers were swaying as they rose from the ground.

But the caravan itself was gone. The wagons had disappeared without a trace, most likely utterly destroyed and swallowed by some abominable being.

All that remained were the corpses of the slain Nightmare Creatures, and the blood painting the surface of Godgrave red.

And fear.

Fear of meeting the Lord of Shadows on a day when that dreadful demon was not held back by the mercy of Lady Changing Star.

**********

