Shadow Slave - PART 170
Chapters 1691 to 1700
==============================


                                Chapter 1691: Skill Issue
--------------------
Nephis remained for a while, considering what the charming enchanter had said.

A weapon that was as powerful as its wielder was... Slowly, white sparks ignited in the depths of her eyes.

'A growing Memory.’

They did exist, but were exceedingly rare. Most of the ones she heard of had not even been received from slaying Nightmare Creatures, but were instead Aspect Legacy Relics.

Having a sword that would allow her to fully express the power of her Aspect was already exciting enough. But if that sword could also reflect her power as a Transcendent Titan, and one who had inherited the lineage of Sun God as well...

Such a blade would indeed be worthy of slaying gods.

As long as Nephis was worthy.

She glanced at Master Sunless, who remained calm and composed. Was he really capable of forging such a Memory?

Suddenly, the young man seemed to possess a different kind of allure in her eyes.

'He's precious... a precious resource, I mean. Cassie has really outdone herself this time.'

If what he had said was true.

Nephis hesitated for a moment.

"Can you really do it?"

Master Sunless gave her an electric smile.

"I haven't done it before, but I am confident that it can be achieved. It might be that nobody else is capable, but I am."

She raised an eyebrow, finding it hard to distrust his confidence. Not just because it was hard to imagine someone who looked like him being dishonest, but also because she could vaguely sense his passion.

Nephis had no doubt that Master Sunless was an inspired artisan. She was familiar with artistic ambition, and his was of the kind that could produce miracles.

Of course, he could simply be delusional. But Cassie would not have sent her here if there was any doubt about his ability.

How had Valor failed to scout this talent?

She looked away, studying the abominable remains surrounding them. It was quite a collection... since the charming young man did not seem like much of a fighter, he must have procured these material with soul shards and coin. That alone spoke volumes of his dedication.

Nephis sighed.

"How are you so different from all the other enchanters?"

He smiled.

"It is simple, really. Have you read the Exploration Report of the Tomb of Ariel?"

Master Sunless suddenly fell silent, and then paled a little.

In quite an endearing way.

"Oh... I am deeply sorry, Lady Nephis. I said something stupid. You were there yourself."

He shifted from one foot to another, trying to hide his embarrassment.

"...In any case, you must be familiar with the cult of the Nightmare Spell mentioned in the report. There used to be sorcerers of a very special kind among those cultists, called weavers."

Nephis nodded.

"Indeed. So?"

The young enchanter hesitated for a moment.

"Every person creating Memories today is capable of doing so because of their Aspect. In truth, they aren't the ones who are making the Memories... it's the Nightmare Spell who does it for them."

He pointed to one of his onyx eyes.

"But I am different. Due to one of my Attributes, 1 possess the ability to see the sorcerous weave of Memories. And since I can see it, I can strive to understand it. So, my Memories are not the product of a symbiotic fusion between my Aspect and the Nightmare Spell. They are a product of skill. My skill, which I have bitterly honed and improved upon for many years.”

Nephis listened to his words intently, What she heard... was rather wondrous,

It was a good reminder to never underestimate people. This humble young man did not seem outstanding when compared to thousands of other Masters and the exalted Saints. He lived his life quietly, away from the spotlight, and lacking fame.

And yet, he too was a singular existence. In his unique craft, there was no one more accomplished.

There were an infinite number of Attributes, Aspects, and Memories out there. Anyone could be a wonder in their own way, and be capable of things that everyone else would think impossible.

Nephis made a decision.

'I'll trust in his skill.'

There was no downside to trusting the charming enchanter, anyway. Even if he failed, Nephis would simply be back to where she had started - lacking a weapon to face the Sovereigns, but having no other choice.

She suddenly found herself responding to his slight smile with one of her own.

"In that case, I commend your ingenuity and persistence, Master Sunless."

Nephis lingered for a moment, then asked:

"You mentioned that creating such a sword would require a lot of effort from both of us, and that we would have to spend a long time together. What did you mean?"

He sighed, then gestured for her to leave the ominous storage room. As they passed the elegant shopfront of the Memory boutique and returned to the dining hall of the café, the charming young man explained in a pleasant tone:

"The first part is easier to answer. In short, I will need your assistance at certain stages of forging. It is no secret that your flames are born from the soul, Lady Nephis... so, I'm inclined to believe that they are most suitable for forging a soulbound weapon."

He remained silent for a moment, then continued hesitantly:

"The second part is more... sensitive. Usually, I don't have much problem selecting suitable enchantments for the Memories I create. But this one will be rather special, and so, it must fit you and your powers perfectly. Such a fit won't be possible unless I have a deep understanding of your powers and how you conduct yourself in battle. It would be very helpful for me to observe your swordsmanship, and your Aspect, closely... and not just in a sparring ring."

Nephis gave him a curious look.

"Are you very knowledgeable about swordsmanship, Master Sunless?"

The charming young man smiled.

"Well... I might not look it, but I do indeed know a thing or two about swordsmanship. As well as how to wield other weapons. After all, if one wants to forge a weapon, they have to know how to wield one, don't they?"

He paused for a moment, looked around, and then said with a hint of badly hidden pride in his voice:

"Actually... I don't want to brag, but... I once placed very high in the Dreamscape tournament."

Nephis blinked.

"The... Dreamscape tournament?"

That illusory game?

Suddenly, she felt a very unfamiliar emotion rise in her cold and scorched heart.

The contrast between the shy pride written all over the charming enchanter's beautiful face and the sheer silliness of the thing he was so proud of... was... was so...

'Cute!

Nephis had to look away.

"Ah. I see... how remarkable. Well, in that case, we can arrange something."

With that, she took a deep breath and headed for the door,

"It's getting late, and I need to return to the castle. We will be in touch. Oh... and thank you for the cake, Master Sunless. It was delicious."

He seemed a little startled.

"It was? Alright. I'll be waiting, then. Goodnight, Lady Nephis!”

The silver bell rang melodiously as she left.

Walking outside, Nephis felt the cool wind caress her cheeks, She kept her expression nestral as sthe headed toward the ferry to the castle.

[Well, what do you think?]

Cassie's voice resounded in her head a moment later.

Nephis contemplated for a few moments.

[I like what I saw. Even if he fails to forge a worthy sword for me, we should work on recruiting him as a Memory master for the Fire Keepers.]

Cassie remained silent for a bit.

[...You liked what you saw, huh?]

Nephis did not deign to reply. Why was Cassie acting so mischievously these days?

Well... actually, she was glad to see her friend coming back to a semblance of normalcy. Although very few people noticed, Cassie had not been doing well for the last few years. It was a good sign if she was in the mood to joke around.

Nephis felt relived.

Just as she thought that, though, her friend suddenly spoke again:

[But, Neph.,, I have a little piece of advice. You know, just something to think about. The next time you meet a young man and like what you see... maybe don't start the conversation by demanding to know if he can "satisfy your needs". You might give him the wrong idea…]

Nephis frowned.

"What is she talking about? Satisfy my...'

She thought back to her conversation with Master Sunless and froze.

Suddenly... the wind did not feel so cool anymore.

Blushing deeply, Nephis covered her face and walked away.

Her steps might have been a little hurried.

**********


                                Chapter 1692: Return Customer
--------------------
Back in the Brilliant Emporium, Sunny was standing motionlessly in the middle of the dining hall. His face was frozen.

The streets of Bastion had long turned dark, and he was enveloped by a peaceful silence.

Some time later, he looked down and stared at the gloomy shadow.

'I... did not imagine the whole thing, did I?'

The shadow stared at him back and shrugged. Nevertheless, it seemed strangely elated.

'Maybe?'

No... Nephis had definitely been here just now. Her plate was still on the table, and her glass was still mostly full of water.

Not only had she been here, but Sunny was now apparently making a soulbound sword for her.

Slowly, his face paled.

'...What did I do?!'

It all seemed perfectly reasonable and cunning in the moment. Not only would he be able to fulfill his ambition of replicating the [Bound] enchantment with Neph's help, but she would also reveal the secrets of her Transcendent battle art to him, completely of her own volition.

Not to mention the hefty sum he would earn for the commission. But now, Sunny was panicking!

Why did he insist on spending lots of time with her? That was the exact opposite of what the humble shopkeeper was supposed to do! His only task was to stay as far away from Nephis as possible and live a tranquil, peaceful life.

And now, in the span of just a few days, Sunny ended up being entangled with Nephis and Cassie both. Somehow.

'This wasn't a part of the plan!'

But it was also... not that bad?

Despite how contrary to his plans the current situation was, Sunny found himself smiling.

In fact, despite his panic, he was just as elated as the gloomy shadow.

Too much so, even, to the point that his second avatar was currently humming a happy melody in Ravenheart... which made Rain stare at him weirdly.

Sunny abruptly stopped humming.

'...Crap.'

He had done did it now!

***

The next day, Sunny informed somewhat sleepy Aiko that Changing Star had visited the shop late in the evening to commission a Memory.

The petite girl just stared at him for a moment and then asked, her voice gruff:

"Oh, yeah? Who else came in? Was it Santa Claus?"

Hearing the unfamiliar name, Sunny frowned.

"Saint Claus? Who is that? Is there a new Transcendent in the Sword Domain?"

Aiko just shook her head and looked away.

"Never mind. So, you're telling me that both Cassie and Changing Star herself have visited the Brilliant Emporium, but both waited until I was gone to spend some time with you alone. Am I getting this correctly?"

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

"I mean, that is a strange way of putting it, but yes. That is basically it."

She nodded.

"Sure. Why not? I shouldn't be surprised, really."

By that point, Sunny was starting to get offended.

"What's the matter? I thought you would be happy! We'll get a pile of soul shards soon!"

Aiko yawned.

"Yeah... that's great. Don't forget to give me a fat bonus, then." Her tone told him to leave her alone, but Sunny was not willing to. "It's true! She even complimented my cake!"

The petite girl silently floated up to the ceiling. He stared at her in confusion.

"What are you doing?"

Aiko responded sarcastically:

"Checking the liquor. I just made an inventory yesterday, so don't think I'll fail to find out how much you guzzled after I left..."

Sunny threw his arms up.

"Is this how you talk to your boss?!"

She scoffed.

"I apologize. Don't think I'll fail to find out how much you guzzled after I left, boss."

Shaking his head, he mumbled a few curses and went about getting ready for the morning customers.

A few days passed in idle tranquility. There was not much happening in the Brilliant Emporium, so Sunny simply waited to be contacted by the Fire Keepers.

Funnily enough, the Lord of Shadows was in the same situation. The elders of clan Valor were taking their sweet time discussing how to negotiate with him, so he had nothing better to do than wait.

Only the avatar in Ravenheart was busy, since he and Rain were in the initial stages of planning a hunt for the Awakened abomination.

A few more days passed, and then, Sunny was distracted by the sound of plates rolling in the dining hall. Looking up from the stove, he wiped his hands and went to check what had happened.

When he left the kitchen, what met him was the sight of Aiko having planted face-first into the floor. There was a new customer standing at the entrance, sunlight pouring over her shoulders and illuminating her slender figure.

The customers were staring at her in silent awe.

Nephis, meanwhile, looked down with a hint of bewilderment in her eyes:

"Aiko... are you alright?"

She was wearing civilian clothes once again, this time having replaced

the criminal summer dress with fashionable white trousers and a fitted black blouse.

The petite girl mumbled a stifled curse and slowly picked herself off the floor.

"Ah, yes... I'm perfectly fine, Lady Nephis. Uh... what brings you here?"

Sunny had the same question. He had expected for Cassie to summon him telepathically, or maybe one of the Fire Keepers arrive to hand him an invitation. The fact that Nephis arrived personally was rather strange. Did she have a lot of free time?

As a matter of fact... she probably did, waiting for the elders of clan Valor to make a decision. The same way the Lord of Shadows was waiting. But that still did not explain why she had come to the Brilliant Emporium.

Secretly stumped, Sunny walked over and, made sure that Nephis could not see, and gave Aiko a smug look.

Then, he turned away with a pleasant expression.

"Welcome, welcome. I didn't expect you to visit our establishment again so soon, my lady."

Nephis remained silent for a few moments, then said neutrally:

"I'm here to continue the discussion we started last time. Oh, and..."

Her expression remained stoic.

"I'm a bit parched. Would you mind serving me some tea? And something to go along with it... cake will do fine..."

Sunny's smile wavered for a moment.

He sighed.

"I'm afraid we don't have cake at the moment. But!" His chin rose a little.

"I've been told that my waffles are to die for. Please have a seat... I'll be with you shortly."

**********


                                Chapter 1693: Convincing Lie.
--------------------
Very soon, Sunny personally delivered a portion of his nearly immaculate waffles to Nephis, complete with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and some freshly cut strawberries.

«I think I've outdone myself this time! If I do say so myself…»

He was in a great mood. Sunny wasn't sure what had come over him, but he was especially inspired today while making the waffles. It almost felt like he was on the verge of breaking through the bottleneck of his culinary skill.

Perhaps the missing ingredient was not the waffles themselves, but the customer for whom he was making them?

Contemplating these profound issues, he sat across from Nephis and smiled.

She wasn't wearing that clumsy disguise of hers today, so he could enjoy the sight of her lustrous silver locks. The few customers present in the dining hall were frozen in stunned awe, the name Changing Star ready to fall from their lips. Sunlight seemed especially radiant in her presence, bathing the Brilliant Emporium in a warm glow.

Sunny felt his heartbeat quickening.

Nephis spared him a short glance, then looked away to take a sip of tea. Finally, she picked up the spoon and took a small bite of the waffle with an aloof expression.

«She won't even look at me. Well, makes sense.»

«Why would she?»

Unlike Sunny, who couldn't herp stealing glances at Nephis, she was probably preoccupied with different thoughts.

He sighed.

«I can't help but notice that you are not hiding your identity anymore, Lady Nephis. I was under the assumption that you wanted to keep the commission secret, though. What changed?»

She put the spoon down, gave the waffles a strange stare, and then finally faced him.

«I still do. However, plans had to change due to our last conversation. Considering that we will have to spend a lot of time together, trying to hide our connection from Valor is not an option. They'll discover a new person in my immediate circle sooner than later… so, we will have to resort to a bit of misdirection, instead.»

A subtle smile touched her lips.

«Congratulations, Master Sunless. You are now the official Memory Purveyor of the Fire Keepers — an independent specialist we've hired to handle sales and acquisitions of sorcerous equipment. Of course, you will receive a generous commission for every deal you facilitate… which will pay for the actual commission.»

As Sunny froze, unable to speak, she studied his face for a few moments and then returned to the waffles with a small, but seemingly pleased smile.

«…Goddamn! We've struck it rich, Aiko!»

Signing an official contract with the Fire Keepers was not much different from receiving a government tender. The Memory Boutique side of the Brilliant Emporium was about to explode in revenue… all of that simply to bury the exchange of soul shards for the actual work Sunny was being hired to do.

«Very crafty.»

It was Cassie who had come up with that scheme, without a doubt.

However… something still did not make sense.

He frowned slightly.

«That is great news, and I am definitely delighted to hear it. But, my lady… even so, isn't it a little bit too strange for you to deliver the news personally? Surely, sending one of your subordinates would have been much more in line with such an arrangement.»

Nephis was an exalted existence even among Saints. She would have never had to deal with something as mundane as hiring a procurement specialist personally. So, there was an obvious contradiction between her intention to create a cover for him and her actions, which only served to blow it.

She remained silent for a while, savoring her tea and dessert or pretending to savor them, most likely. It was hard to tell from her expression if she was really enjoying the taste of what Sunny had cooked… which, honestly speaking, was a little heartbreaking.

But that was how Nephis was. She had never really had a sweet tooth.

Still, her acting skills must have improved tremendously in the past four years. Her pretense of being engrossed in his waffles was incredibly convincing. Sunny wasn't sure that he could have put on such a performance himself.

Eventually, she put the spoon down with a masterfully acted out hint of reluctance.

«Huh? Oh. You are correct, but that would not have solved the problem. You and I are going to be seen together often, after all, and there needs to be an explanation. So, I am here to sow the seeds of that explanation. The Memory Purveyor position is an intentionally flimsy misdirection no one would really buy it, considering the circumstances.»

Nephis paused for a moment.

«So, there will be a deeper layer of deception hidden beneath it.»

Sunny smiled.

«A double misdirection?»

She smiled faintly in response and nodded.

«Once someone becomes suspicious of your official position and digs deeper, they'll discover the prepared explanation and come to a false conclusion, thinking that they've discovered the truth. Not knowing that what they've discovered is actually another, more convincing lie.»

«Definitely Cassie's idea.»

Sunny tilted his head a little.

«And that more convincing lie is…»

Nephis shifted a little.

«Well. I mean no offense, Master Sunless, but nothing about your background suggests that you are worthy of my attention. However… how do 1 say this… you must have looked in the mirror. What do you think people will assume when they see me keeping someone like that by my side?»

He blinked a couple of times, confused.

«Actually… I avoid mirrors. I'm sorry, Lady Nephis, but I don't quite understand what you mean.»

Strangely enough, Nephis… seemed stumped.

She remained silent for a while, then took a sip of tea.

Then, she cleared her throat.

«What I mean to say… is that people will assume that I am infatuated with you. That I've arranged for you to have a position with the Fire Keepers because you are my paramour. So, I am here today to plant the seeds of that impression… Master Sunless.»

«A… paramour…»

Sunny froze.

He was suddenly happy that he had not brought himself a cup of tea, as well, because he would have definitely spat it all out at that moment.

The implications of what Nephis had said slowly seeped into his mind.

It wasn't that outrageous… on the contrary, it was an ingenious lie that would perfectly explain why the two of them were spending time together. People loved nothing more than salacious rumors, after all.

But, still…

«What she's trying to say is that my cover… will be… that I'm her boy toy?!»

Sunny was mortified.

…But also, intrigued.

But also mortified.

The mix of emotions must have been apparent on his face, because Nephis suddenly picked her cup, looked away, and said evenly:

«It is just for the sake of deception, of course. I'll understand if you're uncomfortable with this arrangement.»

Sunny slowly shook his head and forced out a pale smile:

«I'm… I'm not… uncomfortable.»

She looked at him with a hint of concern.

«Are you sure? Come to think of it… I didn't even ask if you have a partner. I wouldn't want for your girlfriend to misunderstand…»

Sunny's smile grew brittle.

«I am sure… and there's no one like that. This arrangement works, for me. I think it's a splendid idea… very deceptive…»

Internally, though, he was imploding.

[Saint Cassia… care to explain yourself?!]

**********


                                Chapter 1694: Facing the Consequences.
--------------------
Cassie did not answer. Perhaps she wasn't in the mood to waste essence to hijack his senses, or perhaps she simply did not want to…

In any case, after that bombshell of a revelation, Sunny sat quietly and stared into the distance for a while.

He was trying to understand how he had ended up in this situation.

It was all his fault, of course… really, Sunny had no one but himself to blame. Had he not suggested creating a soulbound Memory for Nephis on the spur of the moment, there would have been no need for them to interact, let alone do so while hiding the real reason from Clan Valor.

The Lord of Shadows would have continued to play his role as her battle partner, while the humble shopkeeper would have continued living his mostly peaceful life in solitude.

But now…

«I'm going to be a kept man… gods, why am I so handsome?!»

That pretty face of his… was a curse!

If Sunny had a more rugged appearance, Cassie would have had to come up with a different explanation for his presence near Nephis. The Lord of Shadows, who always wore a ferocious mask, received nothing but respect… but when Sunny showed his face, the most people could believe was that he had caught the princess's fancy due to his pleasing looks.

Surely, being a Saint and ruling a Citadel in a Death Zone had nothing to do with the difference in treatment…

«I can't believe it.»

Jet had once told Sunny that he could become a flower boy one day. Who knew that her words would not only come true, but also come back to bite him one day?

He glanced at Nephis furtively.

She was finishing her waffles with a calm expression, seemingly not affected by the sensitive nature of their conversation at all. There was no hint of agitation or embarrassment on her beautiful face, and her posture remained graceful and poised, like always.

Well, it made sense. It was nothing but a strategy of deception for her, after all. She did not know Sunny, and only saw him as a valuable resource. A talented enchanter who could create a powerful Memory for her to use.

But it was different for Sunny.

Because, to him, she meant so much more.

Throwing another glance at her, he sighed and leaned back in his chair.

«What happened happened. There's no point in worrying about it now.»

In fact… he should just accept the situation and allow himself to enjoy it. Sunny would have lied if he said that he didn't feel a little bit excited about the whole situation.

After all, if Nephis was calm, then why couldn't he be calm, as well?

—— —— ——

«He's looking at me… what do I do… should I… he's looking at me again!»

Pretending to be nonchalant, Nephis tried to concentrate on the stunningly delicious waffles that Master Sunless had made for her and not show any sign of her distress.

She didn't quite understand how she had allowed Cassie to convince her to go with this plan.

When they discussed how to go about allowing the charming enchanter to stay close to her without alerting Clan Valor to the true purpose of the arrangement, the idea seemed quite reasonable. Strategically, it was sound.

There was even the added benefit of shielding Nephis from the pursuits of the prospective bachelors from other Legacy clans… somewhat.

It was only this morning that she had gotten cold feet. Knowing herself, Nephis had rehearsed the conversation in her room… extensively… and finally realized how deeply embarrassing it would be to say something like that to the charming young man's face.

Nevertheless, she had gone through with it. She was not someone to back down from a challenge, after all.

But now, she had to face the consequences.

«Ah… he looked so put-upon…»

Well, why wouldn't he? Despite his alluring looks, Master Sunless was an incredibly talented craftsman, first and foremost. He must have taken a lot of pride in his skill. To be reduced to such a role… had to be extremely humiliating, from his point of view.

Yet, he graciously accepted their scheme without voicing any complaints.

Being involved in all the lies and deceit surrounding the royal family of the Sword Domain could not have been easy for a decent and honest person like him, either. Nephis was starting to understand better why such a talented sorcerer had chosen to stay away from the Great Clans.

She felt… a little guilty.

When her plate became empty, she sighed with regret and looked at Master Sunless.

«I should protect him well.»

There was no choice now but to proceed with the plan, now.

«If you are ready, we should go to the Castle.»

The charming young man seemed a little startled.

«Go to the Castle? Right now?»

Having calmed down somewhat, Nephis nodded.

«Yes. We need to sign the contract officially. Apart from that, the more people see us together, the better. Don't worry, though there is no need for you to do anything extra or force yourself to act in any kind of way. As long as we are simply seen together, those who need to get the wrong impression will convince themselves of the falsehood. So, you won't need to compromise your dignity.»

She lingered for a moment, and then added in a serious tone:

«You have my promise, Master Sunless.»

She meant it.

He looked at her silently for a while, his expression unreadable.

Eventually, the young man nodded:

«Alright. Give me a minute to give instructions to Aiko, and we can go.»

He stood up and retreated into the kitchen of the small café, leaving Nephis alone.

She was using a Memory to make it impossible for anyone to eavesdrop on their conversation, but people could still stare. So, she couldn't allow herself to show any sign of losing composure.

Even thought all Nephis wanted to do was slump in her chair and bury her face in her hands.

And maybe order another serving of those delicious waffles.

[Cassie…]

Her friend's voice resounded in her head a moment later, composed and calming:

[Yes?]

Nephis lingered for a few moments.

[…Prepare the contract.]

There was a little pause, and then Cassie replied neutrally:

[Already done.]

Nephis was a little surprised. She hesitated for a bit, then asked mentally:

[You already did it? But what if he refused?]

Her friend chuckled.

[Why would he refuse? There's an army of men out there who would kill for the opportunity to act as your romantic partner… don't sell yourself short!]

Nephis frowned.

That was true. She was beautiful in her own right… young, wealthy, renowned, and had the backing of a prestigious family.

So, then…

Her frown deepened a little.

«Now, wait a second. So why did he look so put- upon? Who… who does he think…»

Her thoughts, however, were interrupted by Cassie's pleasant voice:

[Oh, I wanted to say something. The way you found out if he has a girlfriend… well done! Very slick.]

Nephis blinked.

«What?»

Then, her eyes widened a little.

A moment later, Master Sunless appeared near her table.

He seemed to have regained his composure. Sparing Nephis a bright smile, the charming young man bowed slightly.

«We can leave… Lady Nephis? Are you alright?»

She took a deep breath.

«Yes… I am fine. Let's just go…»

**********


                                Chapter 1695: All According to Plan
--------------------
Leaving an avatar behind to help Aiko in the kitchen, Sunny left the Brilliant Emporium with Nephis.

The avatar did not have the benefit of wearing the Nebulous Mantle, but his Transcendent presence would be safely contained as long as he did not enter the dining hall. Since the entire interior of the Brilliant Emporium was situated in the dimensional storage of the Marvelous Mimic, anyone would find it hard to catch a glimpse of what was happening in the kitchen.

The café would still close for the day as soon as the current customers left, though. When Sunny told Aiko about the contract with the Fire Keepers, she was beyond happy for a few moments... however, pretty soon, they discovered a problem.

Although the real purpose of the Memory Purveyor position was to hide the commission of an enchanted sword for Nephis, that cover still had to be maintained. Which meant that the Brilliant Emporium would really have to handle the sales of the Memories earned by the Fire Keepers, as well as the acquisition of the Memories they wished to purchase.

The problem was that Sunny's reputation as a Memory broker was all a smokescreen, and he did not really possess a network of connections to facilitate such deals. Luckily, Aiko still had some contacts from running the Brilliant Emporium alone in the past - so, she had to come up with a business plan and accomplish a lot of relevant things with utmost haste.

The petite girl seemed daunted by the sudden task, but he could almost see piles of coins reflecting in her eyes.

In any case, that was what was happening to Aiko and the avatar in the Brilliant Emporium.

Sunny himself, meanwhile...

Was accompanying Nephis on a leisurely stroll across Bastion.

He had to admit that they made for quite a pair. Nephis looked elegant and sharp in her crisp civilian clothes, while his attire was refined and tasteful. Sunny noticed that the two of them collected a lot of stares - some people even turned around to watch them go.

Some of them recognized Nephis, some of them didn't.

He felt a little uncomfortable with all that attention, but knew that it was the very reason they were out in the open.

The streets of Bastion were lively at that time of day. Nephis looked around with curiosity, a faint smile playing on her lips. Eventually, she asked:

"Have you lived in Bastion long, Master Sunless?"

He shook his head.

"No... only for about a year."

She raised an eyebrow.

"Where were you before?"

Sunny lingered for a few moments, then shrugged,

"After Antarctica... here and there. I spent some time exploring the wilderness after the Nightmare."

Sunny did not specify which Nightmare he meant, letting Nephis make her own wrong conclusion. There was nothing strange with saying that he had wandered the Dream Realm for years before settling in Bastion, either - it would have been a deadly affair before, but after the Dream Gates were open, there was much more travel between various Citadels.

Both the Sword Domain and the Song Domain were swiftly turning into actual states, as opposed to loose alliances of isolated strongholds. There were all kinds of activities going on in the wilderness of the Dream Realm these days - roads were being constructed, trade routes were being established, fortified relay stations were being constructed, and so on.

As the infrastructure of the Domains was being built at a staggering speed, there was a need for all kinds of people to head into the wilds.

The vast expanse of the Dream Realm - the part of it conquered by humans - was not a place where only warriors could survive anymore. Of course, every team had to be guarded by Awakened escorts, but there were geologists, map-makers, builders, explorers, messengers, merchants, and numerous other specialists traveling across it now.

Nephis most likely assumed that he was a part of a large merchant caravan in the past.

She smiled.

"I've been here... for about three years, 1 guess. But actually, with how often I am away, the actual number of days I've spent in Bastion won't even account for three months. So, in a sense, you've been living here longer than me."

Her smile grew a little wistful.

"How does it feel, to live in Bastion? On this side of the lake, I mean."

Sunny thought about it for a few moments, then answered in a light tone:

"Well, it's sort of tranquil... for me, at least. There is always something going on, and the city is boiling with activity, but unlike the cities of the waking world, it's less suffocating here. Both literally and metaphorically. The air is clean, and the people are... optimistic about their lives. Back on Earth, everyone spent their days pretending not to know that everything was falling apart. Here, everyone is working together to build something from the ground up, instead. It's nice."

He paused, then added somberly:

"Of course, it's not all bliss and sunshine. Most of the people on this side of the lake come from Antarctica, so they are scarred and traumatized. In the worst cases, people reach their breaking point and snap. Crime is not exactly rampant, but it does exist... worse than that, with how many Awakened there are now, the government and the Legacy clans can't police them all effectively anymore. It is one thing if a mundane person suffers a mental breakdown or succumbs to greed, but if it is an Awakened... well, you can imagine"

Sunny looked at Nephis and smiled sheepishly.

"Sorry... I seem to have spoiled the mood"

She stared at him for a moment, then hurriedly looked away.

"...No, it's alright. It is exactly what I wanted to hear. People like me are tasked with protecting humanity, but, strangely enough, we mostly exist in isolation from the actual people we are meant to protect. So, it is good to learn such things. So that we... don't snap."

They reached the waterfront and followed along the shore of the lake, heading for the distant ferry. This section of the lakeshore was fashioned into a park, and there were a lot of people here, resting on the grass.

Many young couples included.

Sunny suddenly felt a little hot.

He caught himself staring at Nephis, whose profile was contoured by the radiance of the sun, for a moment too long.

"Does it bother you? The isolation?"

She looked at him and wanted to answer, but at that moment, Sunny's eyes suddenly widened.

His expression changed.

'What the hell... not again!'

That was because just then, a powerful tremor shook the Nameless Temple in the distant Godgrave. He was momentarily distracted... and slipped on a wrapper someone had carelessly dropped on the ground.

‘This can't be happening... I'm a Saint! A Saint, for the love of gods!'

Why was it that every time he saw Nephis, he ended up tripping over his feet?!

Sunny considered whether he wanted to perform a sudden somersault to regain his footing, but that would look even more ridiculous than falling. Using Shadow Step was out of the question, as well, since that Ability was already known to belong to the Lord of Shadows.

So, he resigned himself and prepared to hit the ground.

A moment later, though...

Nephis took a step forward and wrapped her arm around his waist, gallantly stopping his fall before his back could touch the cobblestones.

Sunny suddenly found himself face-to-face with

her, his entire weight effortlessly supported by her strength, staring into her calm grey eyes.

Their bodies were almost pressed against each other.

Looking at him calmly, Nephis asked in an even tone:

"Master Sunless... are you alright?"

Sunny's heart fluttered.

He stared at her silently, his face growing pale.

He... was not alright.

'What the hell is that?! Am I in a romantic drama?! If so... why the hell am I the one being caught?! It's the man's job to catch the pretty female lead!'

Although romance was not his genre of choice, Sunny had consumed a lot of such stories during his years in the outskirts. Back then, he had always mocked the hapless female leads, who always seemed to trip, slip, and fall... right into the arms of the cold and aloof male leads, of course.

He had even suspected that there was something in the water wherever the characters lived, since their coordination seemed nonexistent.

Who knew that he would find himself in the same situation, one day?

And in the wrong role, to boot!

He cleared his throat.

"I am fine now, thanks. You can let me go."

It seemed that Nephis only realized that she was still holding him at that moment.

There were a lot of people staring at them with wide eyes.

She remained silent for a few moments, then smoothly pulled him to his feet, unwrapped her arm from his waist, and touched her hair lightly. Her expression remained perfectly nonchalant.

"I see. That is good."

Sunny straightened the Nebulous Mantle, trying to chase away the memory of her warm touch from his mind.

And failing.

Turning away, he sighed, bent down, and picked up the wrapper. Then, he walked to a nearby trash bin and tossed it inside.

Returning to Nephis, he smiled apologetically.

What was he supposed to say now?

"I... dislike people who litter."

'What was that?!'

She nodded, still looking away.

"Yeah. Let's... hurry to the ferry, now. I think we put on a good enough act, already. Well done."

Sunny blinked.

"Yeah... a good act, right... I thought I'd improvise..."

The two of them continued on their way to the ferry, both keeping quiet. Sunny was too indignant and embarrassed to speak, while Nephis... probably didn't care to.

There was something strange about her, though.

Had her shoulders trembled a few times?

No... it was probably just his imagination.

**********


                                Chapter 1696: VIP Treatment
--------------------
Eventually, they reached the pler.

There were six ferries carrying people and cargo across the lake to the Castle, operating in pairs. The one Sunny and Nephis approached was located on the eastern shore, and was meant for passengers.

There was another pair of ferries on the southern side of the lake, in the direction of the Dream Gate, mostly used for transporting cargo. The last pair was on the northern shore, usually used by the Awakened warriors departing on expeditions.

Every time Sunny returned to the waking world, he had to purchase a ticket, wait in line, and then spend some unpleasant time on the crowded passenger deck of the ferry. Most Masters had access to much more comfortable accommodations, but they also had a higher status than him.

Since Sunny did not serve any established power and preferred to remain low-key, the treatment he received was much less glamorous than what an Ascended deserved. He didn't mind it... too much.

Today, however, his experience was entirely different.

Not only did Nephis not bother to buy tickets which made sense, considering that the enchanted ferry technically belonged to her family - but they were even immediately guided to the luxurious VIP deck. There was no crowd here... in fact, there did not seem to be any other passengers on the smaller deck, at all, at least not yet.

Instead of the crowded standing arrangement, there were soft sofas and tastefully engraved tables. There were even refreshments and beverages provided, served on a separate table.

The deck was situated at the front of the ferry and raised, so nothing obstructed the beautiful view of the vast lake and the picturesque castle rising from the waters in the distance. A soft breeze blew across the lake, playing with Neph's radiant silver locks.

Sunny enjoyed the view for a few moments, then looked away and inhaled slowly.

They walked to the beautifully laced wooden railing and looked at the sunlit vista. There was some time left before the ferry would depart, so they had nothing to do but wait.

Both were silent, but strangely enough, Sunny did not feel awkward at that moment.

Instead, he felt at peace.

After a while, Nephis suddenly asked:

"Master Sunless... you possess a high affinity to shadows, don't you?"

He nodded slowly.

"I do."

She considered her next words carefully.

"What can you tell me about shadows? And people whose Aspects have to do with them?"

Now, it was his turn to choose words.

After thinking for a bit, Sunny shrugged.

"I can tell you a lot, actually... but also not that much. I am ashamed to say that I don't understand my element well, myself. Which is a bit fitting, if you think about it, considering that Shadow God was also the god of mysteries. Shadows... are a unique concept. Someone considers them to be the opposite of light, but actually, shadows and light are just two sides of the same coin. One cannot exist without the other. It is true darkness that is their enemy."

He paused for a moment, secretly studying her reaction, and then added:

"Shadows are also intimately tied to souls. In fact, I am not even sure where the soul ends and the shadow begins. There are very few beings out there who can deal damage directly to one's shadow, but if a shadow is hurt, the soul is hurt as well. Granted, things without souls also have shadows... it's all very mysterious."

She remained silent for a while, contemplating his words. Then, she asked neutrally:

"Do you know of any other Awakened with shadow Aspects?"

Sunny hesitated.

"Well... I only ever heard of one."

That seemed to pique her interest.

"Oh?"

Sunny nodded.

"Yes. There was a man who went by the name Shadow Blade Kurt. A really vicious fellow. I heard that he used to handle some truly distasteful tasks for a Legacy clan, back in NQSC... I'm not sure which clan, though."

Nephis raised an eyebrow.

"Used to?"

He smiled somberly.

"Yes. He... was one of those Awakened who couldn't handle their nightmares, overusing stimulants to stay away from the Dream Realm. He eventually lost control and was dealt with by the government. That... was the last anyone had ever heard about Shadow Blade Kurt."

She sighed with a hint disappointment.

"That... doesn't sound like the kind of person I would want to know about. Thank you, though."

Sunny smiled.

"No problem. I'll... go get us something cool to drink."

He walked back to the table with the refreshments and poured them two glasses of light wine.

As he was about to head back, however, Sunny froze for a moment.

'What... is this familiar feeling?'

Suddenly, he had a terrible premonition.

'Oh, nol'

He walked hurriedly toward Nephis, but before he could reach her, a new passenger arrived. She noticed Neph's slender figure, grinned, and walked past him with wide strides.

"Princess!"

Effie hugged Neph around the shoulder with a bright smile.

"When did you return to Bastion? No, wait... you're not leaving right away again, are you?"

Nephis opened her mouth to answer, but Effie gave her no choice:

"Great! Listen..."

She leaned closer and whispered loudly:

"You're still single, aren't you? Well, let me tell you... that won't do! A beauty like you should not just be worshiped by the masses, but also appreciated by a dashing man. The masses won't warm you on a cold and windy night, after all... well, unless you're into that kind of thing..."

Neph's eyes widened.

"Effie..."

The huntress laughed.

"I'm saying all this for a reason. How about... you let me set you up with someone? Princess, I found you a perfect match! He's a young Master here in Bastion, Homeowner, runs a successful business. None of that tiresome Legacy baggage, either. Oh, he's an amazing cook, as well! Gods, I am starting to salivate just from thinking... oh, and to be clear, 1 don't mean thinking about the food..."

Neph trembled.

"Effie, wait..."

But Effie just smiled mischievously.

"What? You were the one who told me that you were researching passion. How are you going to learn passion without, you know... getting a little taste of passion? In any case, I saved the best for last. That guy, he's so cute! Ah... if I wasn't a married woman of modest disposition, I would have gobbled him up myself. He's just... wow. Speak about tasty things! And you can tell that he hides a great body under that apron, as well..."

Nephis grabbed her hand forcefully.

"Effie! Stop talking!"

Effie's looked at her in confusion.

Then, her smile slowly froze.

She remained silent for a few moments, and then said in a stifled tone:

"Oh. He... he's standing right behind me, isn't he?”

**********


                                Chapter 1697: Actionable Strategy.
--------------------
«…He's standing right behind me, isn't he?»

Nephis slowly released Effie's hand, suddenly feeling weak.

It was too late.

«Oh, gods…»

She briefly considered lighting the ferry on fire.

That would resolve the situation, wouldn't it? Yes… she would not have to face Master Sunless, at least. That was an actionable strategy.

But, no… no, she couldn't. The ferry had cast off moments after Effie showed up, which meant that the passengers would have nowhere to escape and drown in case of a fire. It also meant that Nephis, Effie, and Master Sunless were stuck on the VIP deck-just the three of them, with nowhere else to go.

There was no escape.

Nephis barely suppressed a shudder.

«I can summon my wings and flee…»

But that would mean leaving the charming young man alone with Effie. She… was unwilling. No, actually, she was vehemently against it! For some reason.

So, Nephis just stared at the boisterous huntress Impassively and said in an even tone:

«Yes, He is.»

Effie trembled.

Nephis wanted nothing more than to sigh and hide somewhere.

She had just managed to regain her composure after the… the incident in the park. And now…

«Oh, no! Why did I think about what happened in the park?!»

To her distress, the image of the beautiful enchanter making timid excuses for his clumsiness resurfaced in her mind, and all her composure evaporated.

…The memory of embracing him tightly surfaced next.

At that moment, Nephis did something that she never thought she would do.

Maintaining a nonchalant expression, she took a casual step left and hid behind Effie.

With Effie's robust body hiding Nephis from Master Sunless, she suddenly felt much better.

[Wow. Did you just… heartlessly abandon a friend?]

Cassie's voice made her flinch.

Nephis greeted her teeth.

[I did not! I just… retreated. To support her from the rear.]

Cassie answered with a dubious hum.

Effie, meanwhile, remained motionless for a few moments, and then slowly turned around.

«Oh! Master Sunless. You were here.»

Her light-hearted tone sounded a little forced.

Nephis could not see the charming young man from behind the tall huntress, but she could hear his pleasant voice. He answered after a short delay, maintaining perfect decorum:

«Yes. It is a pleasure to see you, Saint Athena.»

With that, he took a step forward and appeared in view, carrying two glasses of wine. Luckily, Nephis had settled down a little, by that point, and was able to meet his gaze calmly.

Master Sunless smiled lightly, then handed her one of the glasses.

«Your wine, my lady.»

He hesitated for a moment, then offered the second glass to Effie. The huntress silently took the wine and gulped it down in one go.

«Ah… I see! Has the Brilliant Emporium been contracted to provide catering for the ferry, now? Good job, good job! Valor has deep pockets…»

The charming young man remained silent for a bit, then shook his head subtly.

«No, we are not providing catering for the ferry.»

Effie seemed confused.

«Oh? Then how come you are here on the VIP deck? Not that I'm complaining! In fact, it's nice to see a pretty face… a friendly face! I meant to say a friendly face.»

Nephis observed their conversation without saying anything, secretly stunned. This… was probably the first time she had seen Effie tongue-tied.

«Amazing.»

Master Sunless was far more formidable than she had thought!

Of course, his advantage was not going to last long Knowing the vivacious huntress, she was going to double down on her suggestive remarks soon. And if that did not work… well, quadruple down, then!

It was all but impossible to fluster Effie. Anyone she aimed her sights on was doomed to be flustered, instead.

Granted… Nephis wouldn't mind seeing the charming enchanter flustered…

«What am I even thinking about?»

Feeling a little guilty for hanging Effie out to dry… even though the huntress had no one but herself to blame… Nephis decided to clear the air and explain the situation. She would share the news about the Memory Purveyor position first, and then let Cassie explain the more scandalous layer of deception to Effie in private.

After all, if the huntress heard it right now, she would not be able to help herself and tease the poor young man relentlessly. Yes… Nephis had to protect him from her vulgar friend.

Him. Definitely not herself.

She opened her mouth, intending to say something…

But Master Sunless beat her to it.

Walking over, he leaned on the railing beside her…

And gently took her hand.

Nephis froze.

«Well, how do I say this? I am on the VIP deck… because Lady Nephis invited me to be with her on the VIP deck.»

Her eyes widened slightly.

Nephis' hand was suddenly burning from his soft touch.

«Do not. Spit your wine. Nephis.»

She gulped the wine down and smiled weakly.

«…Right.»

«No, but how is his hand so soft?»

Nephis used to have rough, calloused hands… the hands of a swordsman. Later, as her body was fortified and tempered by the Awakening, Ascension, and Transcendence, it rid itself of imperfections. Those calluses were long gone, and her skin was flawless.

And yet, it was nowhere near the smooth silkiness of the beautiful enchanter's hand.

Nephis was unyielding and lived a life that was harsh and full of hardships. So… she wasn't used to soft things.

«…I'm spacing out.»

Luckily, so was Effie.

She stared at the charming young man with her mouth agape, then slowly turned to Nephis. Then, she looked back at Master Sunless.

And then back at Nephis.

Nephis suddenly had a terrible premonition.

»Oh, no.»

Gradually, a wolfish grin appeared on Effie's face.

«Oh, no.»

She giggled.

«Oh! Oh, damn! I see! Wow! Cassie sure works fast…»

The boisterous huntress leaned closer and whispered in an intimate tone:

«Alright. I've already given this one the talk about the birds and the bees…»

Master Sunless, who was looking at Nephis with a prideful expression, as if asking her to praise his act, suddenly tensed.

Effie, meanwhile, patted him on the shoulder.

«So, kids, let Auntie Effie explain safety to you now…»

Maintaining a calm expression, Nephis turned and looked across the lake.

The castle… was so terribly far away.

**********


                                Chapter 1698 Auntie Effie's Lessons.
--------------------
«I've… made a terrible mistake.»

In hindsight, Sunny should have known that he was digging his own grave. It was just that he did not see Effie often these days, and so, he had forgotten…

That Effie's corrupting influence was just as terrible as the Corruption of the Void itself.

No, was it even more terrible?

In any case, the opportunities to stump the boisterous huntress were too rare! He simply could not pass on the chance to fluster her. More importantly… while Sunny knew that Nephis and Effie were close, Master Sunless had no way of knowing that. So, based on what he was supposed to know, the correct course of action had to be furthering the agreed-upon deception.

Therefore, Sunny passed the wine to Nephis. And then took her hand.

Why did he do that?

Well, simply put… because he could.

If there was an opportunity to hold Neph's hand, why would he not? Effie had accidentally provided him with a convenient reason, as well. It was all working out great…

Sunny had promised himself to enjoy the odd situation, and he was going to enjoy it as much as he could.

…Neph's hand felt soft and cool in his grasp.

He remained comparatively calm. That was not the first time the two of them held hands, after all, so there was no reason for him to lose composure. Sunny enjoyed the feeling silently, a small smile finding its way onto his face.

Of course, it was only a familiar situation from his point of view. For Nephis, suddenly holding hands with a stranger must have been surprising. Her expression did not really change, but he could feel a subtle tension in her shoulders. It seemed that she was a bit uncomfortable with his bold action… maybe even dismayed by it?

«Ah… did I mess up?»

It was then that Effie's rattled expression slowly turned into a mischievous grin, and Sunny's eyes widened slightly. He had realized his mistake.

But by then, it was already too late.

«Oh, gods…»

Soon, he found himself sitting on a sofa side by side with Nephis, listening to Effie explain contraception to them… in gruesome detail…

«What the hell? Weren't you the one who got pregnant in the middle of a disastrous military campaign?! Why are you, of all people, telling me this stuff?!»

On the other hand… perhaps Effie was the best person to teach people about safety, considering that she knew the consequences of carelessness better than most. Not that Sunny needed any teaching!

Although… truth be told, his knowledge on the topic was mostly limited to the precautions meant for mundane people, Awakened at most. At higher Ranks of power, things progressively became much more complicated.

Nephis remained silent and nonchalant, but he found himself listening with interest. There was business to be made there, as well!

That… that was definitely the reason why he was paying attention…

«Wait… why I am acting this way?»

He frowned slightly.

Truth be told, while his actions earlier were very much in line with his personality, Sunny felt strangely… extra, at the moment. After thinking for a while, he took a deep breath.

«Ah.»

He was being affected by Effie's presence. No… actually, his mood had been a bit strange ever since he met Nephis in the Nameless Temple. Was there such an element to her presence, as well? If so, there were two different sources influencing him, mixing and fusing in a chaotic manner.

The influence was in no way strong, and he could easily suppress it if he wanted to. But it did seem to release his natural inhibitions, a little.

«What a mess.»

Spending time in the company of powerful Saints was a strange affair.

Getting himself under control, Sunny decided that he had enough of Effie's teasing.

He smiled politely at her, waited for her to pause, and then asked leisurely:

«Oh, by the way, Saint Athena. I couldn't help but overhear… did you mention wanting to gobble up something tasty earlier? Was it something we serve in the Brilliant Emporium?»

Effie, who was taking a sip of wine, suddenly spat it out.

Sunny elegantly raised an arm, shielding Nephis' white trousers from the rain of wine droplets with the folds of the Nebulous Mantle.

«I'm sorry. Did I say something wrong?»

Effie coughed a few times and shook her head.

«No, no… it's alright. And thank you, but no! I have a husband!»

«Now you remember!»

He smiled.

«How is Ling's dad doing, by the way?»

Sunny did not have a lot of friends in Bastion, and apart from Aiko, that nameless guy was the closest thing he had to a buddy. They often shared stories about managing the Beast Farm and the Brilliant Emporium, exchanging ideas and the like. However, Ling's dad seemed to be busy lately, so they had not had time to catch up in a while.

Nephis was looking at them with a hint of curiosity… and a hint of relief? She had seemed utterly unaffected by Effie's graphic tirade before, but maybe Sunny was simply underestimating her poker face.

She raised an eyebrow and asked:

«You know each other?»

Sunny nodded.

«Yes.»

Effie wiped her chin and smiled.

«Ah, yes. We've had a surplus of produce at the farm for some time now, and the Brilliant Emporium is our main buyer. I haven't had the pleasure of dining there often, though. Still, Master Sunless is an incredible chef! Oh, and he also helped us a lot by enchanting a few items for the farm.»

She hesitated for a moment, and then gave Nephis a bright smile and a thumbs up.

«Princess, I approve! Handsome, cooks well… and is great with his hands…»

The last part was said with emphasis, and accompanied by a wink. Nephis tilted her head in confusion.

«Well, yes. That is why I approached him.»

Effie choked on her wine again.

Sunny, meanwhile, closed his eyes for a moment.

He knew that Nephis failed to understand the double meaning in Effie's words, and was referring to his skill as an enchanter. However… did she forget that they had not shared the details about the sword commission with the huntress, yet?!

He let go of her hand, afraid that his palms would become sweaty.

«A Memory commission. That is what she meant.»

Nephis looked at him strangely.

«…Of course. What else would I have meant?»

Effie waved a hand in the air.

«Sure, sure. I belive you.»

Followed by another wink.

«Damnation!»

Effie laughed, then put down her wine and looked at them, her eyes glistening with curiosity.

«Was that how the two of you first met?»

Nephis nodded.

«Yes.»

But Sunny, compelled by his Flaw, answered at the same time:

«No.»

Both Nephis and Effie looked at him with surprise.

Sunny forced out a smile.

«Crap.»

**********


                                Chapter 1699 First Impressions.
--------------------
Nephis and Effie were staring at him in surprise, maintaining a smile.

Sunny cursed inwardly.

Over the years, he had gotten used to his Flaw, and it rarely landed him in real trouble these days. That was why he had relaxed a little, allowing himself more leeway while holding conversations.

There was also the fact that the true reason why the Flaw was so dangerous, his True Name, was gone now.

But there were still things he should not say!

«Crap.»

Sunny remained silent for a moment, then said calmly:

«Lady Nephis might not remember, but we actually met before.»

It would have been extremely inconvenient if she asked when or where, so before either Nephis or Effie could, he added of his own accord:

«We briefly met in Antarctica, near the end of the campaign.»

Both statements were true, and since he had volunteered them without being prompted, there was no question that would have demanded a more precise explanation. Of course, the statements were also not connected to each other, and although each of them was factual, together, they created a false impression.

…That Sunny had met Nephis for the first time in Antarctica.

She raised an eyebrow.

«Really? I think I would have remembered someone so…»

She paused without finishing the sentence, remained silent for a moment, then added evenly:

«Remembered someone, so to speak.»

«Huh?»

Her wording was a bit odd.

Sunny pretended to be embarrassed.

«Oh… it was on the day the Sword King defended the SQSC. It might not have been very memorable for Lady Nephis, considering everything else that was going on. Well, I was also covered in dirt from head to toe, so anyone would have had trouble recognizing me « She stared at him for a few moments, and then asked suddenly:

«Was meeting me very memorable for you?»

Sunny froze momentarily.

«What kind of question is that?»

That meeting of theirs… yes, it was quite memorable. In fact, it was seared into his memory like a brand, still festering even after all these years. That was the moment he had learned about his existence being erased from the hearts of everyone who knew him, after all.

Their actual first meeting was fresh in his memory, as well. Back then, on the bridge in front of the Academy… he had been attracted by how aloof and detached from the world young Nephis looked, standing there calmly with her headphones on. He had also felt a subtle sense of kinship with her, because she had been the only other Sleeper wearing the standard-issue police tracksuit, just like him.

Sunny smiled.

«For me… it was unforgettable.»

Nephis kept his gaze on him for a brief moment, then looked away.

Then, a corner of her mouth curled upward slightly.

A second later, though, they were interrupted by Effie's excited squeal:

«I… I can't! The two of you are too cute!»

She laughed, then poured herself more wine and viciously attacked the plate of refreshments. As she was chewing, her gaze landed on the floorboards of the deck.

Effie lingered for a bit, then asked curiously:

«By the way, Master Sunless… it seems that you don't have a shadow today?»

He followed her gaze, noticing that Neph's shadow was all alone, painted in black across the floorboards. Gloomy was currently serving as an avatar, after all, channeling Sunny's consciousness to help Aiko.

Sunny shrugged nonchalantly.

«Oh. I seem to have misplaced it.»

It was not a big problem to be seen without a shadow while he was strolling with Nephis or here on the ferry, but once they reached the castle… he would prefer to keep the strange nature of his shadow a better-guarded secret.

«What to do?»

Sunny hesitated for a moment, then used Shadow Control to call over one of the wild shadows populating the ferry. After it glided across the deck and glued itself to his feet, in reverent awe at the prospect of pretending to be the Lord's own shadow, he shaped it to resemble the contours of his body and nodded.

«Is this better?»

Effie blinked a couple of times.

«Nice trick! Right… so you were in Antarctica, as well? I don't think I ever had a chance to ask. Were you one of us army grunts?»

Sunny sighed.

«I guess. It was nothing spectacular, though… certainly not anything worth bragging about. I had a cushy assignment at Army Command before ending up in a Nightmare. By the time I returned, there was nothing left to do but get on a boat and escape.»

Sunny did not mention that he had been a member of the First Irregular Company and the Special Reconnaissance Unit before landing a position as a special government envoy to Clan Valor, technically assigned to Army Command. He wanted everyone to believe that he had been a mere paper-pusher in the vast military machine.

That suited his harmless persona much better than being known as a decorated officer who had fought on most of the deadliest battlefields of the Southern Campaign.

Effie shook her head gently.

«Frontline, Army Command… it's all the same. Everyone did their part. Anyone who survived that hell deserves my respect.»

Then, she grinned.

«We are comrades! So, how about a military discount next time I come to eat at the Brilliant Emporium? One soldier to another… wait, actually, how about a family discount? Princess and I, we are practically sisters! Right, Neph?»

She looked at Nephis expectantly.

Nephis remained silent for a moment, and then said in an exceedingly even tone:

«I don't know her.»

Effie stared at her with a betrayed expression.

Then, she whispered loudly:

«Come on, Neph. Help a sister out! Marry this guy fast so that I could save some money…»

Nephis' eye twitched a little.

—— —— ——

The ferry floated across the lake, slowly approaching the castle. The conversation flowed naturally, with Effie easing up on teasing them… a little… after getting her fill.

Sunny was not supposed to know much about the inner workings of Bastion, so he mostly kept silent, letting the two women catch up after not seeing each other for a while.

Effie was leaning back, looking at the water with a wistful expression.

«…Anyway, I don't have much time to waste. As soon as we reach the castle, I'll be rounding up people and bringing them back to NQSC. There's trouble in the Western Quadrant… again. I'm afraid that I'll be gone for a while, this time.»

Nephis frowned, a hint of concern written on her face.

«How bad is it?»

Effie chuckled.

«Bad enough that they're sending Jet, as well. That should tell you everything you need to know. oh… I'm sorry, Master Sunless. Beast Farm is going to be gone from Bastion for a few weeks, maybe even a couple of months. You'll need to find a new supplier.»

He shook his head.

«That is okay. Don't worry about it.»

He had other means of getting ingredients, albeit not as fresh and delicious as what Effie's husband grew. The Brilliant Emporium would have to cut down on food services, too, with him being busy following Neph around and crafting a Memory.

Effie smiled, then looked at Nephis.

«What about you? Where are you off to next? I don't believe that those Valor bast…»

She glanced at Sunny, then corrected herself:

«That those wise Valor elders will let you rest for long.»

Nephis lingered for a moment, then answered in a calm tone:

«Back to Godgrave, I suppose.»

The huntress suddenly seemed excited.

«Oh, right! You must have met him! That mysterious Saint, the Lord of Shadows… what is he like?»

Sunny was suddenly all ears.

**********


                                Chapter 1700 His Own Worst Enemy.
--------------------
«Gossiping about me, huh? How exciting!»

Pretending to be oblivious, Sunny looked at Nephis and Effie with a little bit of masterfully performed confusion.

Nephis spared him a short glance, then shrugged.

«The Lord of Shadows… he is just as the rumors say. Immensely strong, more than a little bit sinister, and highly eccentric.»

Effie chuckled.

«Well, anyone who chooses to live in a Death Zone has to be a lunatic. Still, to be called immensely strong by you… Princess… I am at a loss for words. Is there really such a monster in the world?»

Sunny blinked.

«Hey!»

What did she mean, highly eccentric? He was the picture of perfect mental health!

Well… maybe not…

Still, Sunny was a little hurt.

Nephis, meanwhile, smiled faintly.

«At the same time, he is nothing like what the rumors say. He is surprisingly considerate despite his tyrannical strength, kind despite wanting to appear sinister, and very shrewd despite his eccentricity.»

Effie blinked, then briefly glanced at Sunny with a strange expression.

«Princess… well… why are you smiling that way? in front of your… actually, never mind!»

Nephis raised an eyebrow.

«Oh? Was I smiling? I didn't mean to.»

Sunny took a sip of wine.

«No, no! Smile more!»

Why was Effie raining on his parade? What an insufferable woman!

The insufferable woman in question, meanwhile, grinned.

«That's fine and all. But what does he look like? Is he handsome? I bet that even if he is, he can't be as handsome as Master Sunless.»

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

Nephis shrugged again, seemingly uninterested in that topic.

«I don't know. The Lord of Shadows never shows his face. He is always either wearing a mask or a closed helmet… in fact, you can't even tell if there is a human body inside that armor, most of the time.»

Effie seemed excited, for some reason.

«Really? Damn… what a pity. I guess he's horribly disfigured. Or just naturally ugly. Not that there's anything wrong with that… wait, what if he is bald? Is he missing teeth? Did you say he never takes his armor off? He must really reek, then! Gods, what a slob. Master Sunless here is definitely way better. He smells very nice. Simply delicious… am I right, Master Sunless?»

Sunny stared at her wordlessly.

«Why is she dragging me into this? No, wait… what the hell does she mean, bald?! i'm not bald!»

But having feigned ignorance, he couldn't really defend his honor…

the third avatar's honor.

No matter how much he wanted to.

Hiding his frustration, Sunny said weakly:

«I guess? I never really paid attention to how I smell…»

To his surprise, though, Nephis suddenly came to the Shadow Saint's defense:

«No, you're wrong. The Lord of Shadows, he… he is not disfigured or ugly. He is… well… he seems like a very outstanding young man, in all regards.»

Sunny nodded unconsciously.

«You tell her, Neph»

But then, he frowned.

«No… but why are you defending that bastard so much? I'm right here!»

Sunny was confused.

The Lord of Shadows was him. But Nephis did not know that. So, was she praising some random guy in front of her supposed romantic partner? That was unacceptable!

But then, their relationship was fake. They had only really met each other a few days ago. So, technically, she knew the Lord of Shadows longer — and better. The two of them had even fought side by side against a harrowing Cursed abomination.

It was so confusing!

«What is this situation?»

How was he supposed to react?

While Sunny was questioning his life's choices, Effie scoffed.

«If he's such an outstanding man, why is he hiding his face behind a mask? What is he, an eighth-grader?»

Nephis frowned.

«Maybe it has something to do with his Flaw. Maybe he needs to hide his identity for an important reason. In any case, all I know is… that a man whose swordsmanship is so beautiful can't be unsightly.»

Effie glared at her silently, as if wanting to say:

«Princess! Take a hint!»

What was the hint Nephis was supposed to take, Sunny did not know.

The huntress took a deep breath.

«Well, anyway, that guy seems to be hiding a lot. Unlike Master Sunless, who is like an open book. An honest and sincere man like Master Sunless doesn't need to hide behind a mask… not to mention that hiding that face behind a mask would be a crime…»

She seemed to get distracted for a moment, and then laughed.

«In any case, it seems that we are going to be arriving soon. Shall we change the topic?« Nephis shrugged, seemingly confused by the whole conversation.

«You're the one who asked.»

Effie smiled, then looked at Sunny apologetically.

«Oh, by the way… have you heard the news about the House of Night?»

It seemed that she really didn't want to talk about the Lord of Shadows anymore.

Sunny, who had been excited before, was now unsure how he felt about it. It was nice to hear Nephis praise him… but also made him angry, for some reason? What was going on with him today?

He spaced out for a few moments, listening to Nephis and Effie, with one ear.

«…Have they conquered another Citadel?»

Effie nodded.

«Yes. It's the seventh one in two years — quite remarkable, actually.

Their leadership has been making one miracle happen after another recently. I guess the descent of the Dream Gates really lit a fire under them. The House of Night has never been that active, that daring, or that successful before.«

Nephis sighed.

«It still won't help them maintain their position. They are at too great a disadvantage without a Supreme. Not only in terms of raw power, but also in terms of relevance and population, both mundane and Awakened. I'm afraid that the House of Night is damned to lose its status.»

That was true…. but although the third Great Clan was now miles behind the other two, without any hope of catching up, it was still vitally important. Both because of the role its ships played in the waking world, and because of how they could break the balance of power in the upcoming war.

An alliance with the House of Night could very well be the linchpin of the entire clash between the two Domains. Not even due to their Saints, but because the Twilight Sea bordered both the Sword Domain and the Song Domain in the south.

Song and Valor were only clamoring to conquer Godgrave because the House of Night was stubbornly maintaining neutrality. If either of the Great Clans managed to lure the Nightwalkers to their side, they would be able to launch swift attacks into the enemy territory while bypassing the barrier of the Death Zones separating their territories.

Effie grimaced.

«At least they are trying… and by the look of it, the House of Night is dead set on staying away from both Valor and Song. Well, I can understand why. Even if they join the winning side, there will be no future for them but to be absorbed and assimilated after the whole mess is over.»

Sunny sighed quietly.

He wondered how Naeve was doing somewhere out there, in the Twilight Sea… the friendly Nightwalker must be having it hard, considering how swiftly the fortunes of his clan had changed.

Nephis, meanwhile, gave Effie a guarded look and then silently gestured to Sunny.

«You guys finally remembered that I'm not supposed to know anything about the war? Good for you!»

Effie blinked a couple of times, then shook her head.

«By the way, Master Sunless. Did you know that all the Legacy Clans are about to go to war?»

Nephis' eyes widened.

«Effie!»

The huntress smiled with a mischievous gleam in her eyes.

«…A war for this beautiful, but dense princess right here! Now that she has shown interest in you, every Legacy Clan will probably scramble to get her hitched to one of their scions before it's too late The elders of Clan Valor might put pressure on her, too. So, that talk about safety I gave you?»

Effie grinned.

«Forget everything said! As a former soldier, you must know the value of a preemptive strike, so… aim well and get her pregnant as soon as possible! That will show them…»

The wine glass cracked in Nephis' hand.

Sunny did not move, but somewhere far away, the Lord of Shadows gracelessly fell off his throne.

…The ferry docked at the Castle, the silence broken only by the bright sound of Effie laughing uncontrollably.

**********

