Shadow Slave - PART 143
Chapters 1421 to 1430
==============================


                                Chapter 1421 Joy of Life
--------------------
1421 Joy of Life

Sunny was so dumbfounded that he found himself listening passively as Effie gave him the talk about the birds and the bees, her face absolutely straight. In the middle of it, he was suddenly shaken awake and pointed an accusing finger at her.

"No! That's not… I mean… I know how this stuff works, damn it! What I mean is how? Since when? Who's the father?!"

Effie stopped talking and looked at him with a grin. Then, supporting her belly with one hand, she wobbled past him and pulled her spear out of the stone. Leaning on it, she sighed and shrugged.

"I think we already ascertained how. As for since when… should be since five months ago? Somewhere around that."

She patted him on the shoulder and added:

"Oh, and I'm glad to see you too."

Sunny froze for a few moments.

Five months? Thirteen had already passed since the start of the Nightmare, but for Effie, it had been only two. Which meant… which meant that she had already been pregnant during their journey through the white desert, the battle of the Black Skull, and most of her time in Antarctica.

But not all of her time in Antarctica.

Suddenly, he slapped himself on the forehead.

'I'm… I'm such an idiot!'

A flood of memories surfaced in his mind. All the signs had been there. He should have noticed it much sooner!

Back when the cohort traveled across the Chained Island, Effie had been acting strange. Her appetite had been unstable, and her choice of snacks had been odd… which would have been normal for any other person, but not for the gluttonous huntress!

He had even teased her for suffering from motion sickness aboard the Chain Breaker. In hindsight, that sickness had nothing to do with the motions of the flying vessel at all.

There were other hints, as well… like Effie hesitating for a while before refusing Beastmaster's offer to take her back to the waking world and leave the rest of the cohort behind.

If Sunny had been more attentive, he would have realized that the Effie he knew would not have needed any time to think. She had lingered with the answer because she had been considering not just her fate, but also that of her unborn child…

'Ah! A child! Just thinking this word is weird!'

He covered his face with a hand for a moment, then forced out a few words:

"Yeah… I'm glad to see you as well. Of course."

His mind was still in turmoil. Sunny remained silent for a few moments, then added weakly:

"So… I am going to be Uncle Sunny soon?"

Hearing him say that, Effie grinned.

Her voice was warm:

"I think you mean Uncle Doofus."

But her words were not!

Sunny stared at her in outrage.

"What Uncle Doofus! Don't you dare corrupt my precious nephew... or niece... with your nonsense!"

There was so much they needed to discuss… like how Jet was already safe, and how to get back to the Chain Breaker, the dangers of Wind Flower, the time loop…

But Sunny was still stuck on Effie… Effie, the famed huntress Raised by Wolves… being with child.

How had it even happened?

'I mean, I know how… and she's a perfectly healthy young woman… stupidly attractive, too… but still? Still!'

He stared at her, then suddenly frowned.

"Wait… which bastard knocked you up? Do I need to beat him up?"

His eyes widened again.

"Wait… do I need to beat Kai up?!"

Effie remained silent for a few moments, then laughed.

"Gods, Sunny. Relax… Kai is not the father."

Sunny did, indeed, relax a little.

He felt a strange mix of relief and disappointment, both emotions glaringly irrational.

'What the hell. Did I want Kai to be the father?'

Shaking his head in bewilderment, Sunny lingered for a bit, then asked with in exhaustion:

"So who is?"

She smiled.

"If you must know, he's just someone I got to know in Antarctica. A very nice guy, from the Evacuation Army. We met by accident, and, well… one thing led to another. You know — war, adrenaline, the exhilaration of having survived another day, the fear of impending death… all these things make one want to feel alive. As alive as possible."

Effie had always been a physical person, and one that rejoiced in her physicality — precisely because it had been denied to her prior to becoming a Sleeper. Chained to a wheelchair, she had been a prisoner of her own body for most of her life. So, she exulted in being healthy and able ever since the Spell had given her a chance.

So, Sunny could see how Effie would have let passion take over in the middle of a disastrous war.

Still…

He shook his head.

"What's his name?"

She suddenly coughed.

Sunny's frown deepened.

"What's with that reaction?"

Effie hesitated for a moment, then looked away.

"Uh… that… I don't know."

Sunny stared at her, scandalized.

"Effie!"

His voice was full of disbelief and astonishment.

She raised her hand defensively, a rare look of embarrassment appearing on her face.

"Hey! It's not what you think! I know this guy very well! He is really a nice and upstanding guy… he's a local of Antarctica, but went through the campaign in the Antarctic Center with the First Evacuation Army. He was wounded in Falcon Scott and shipped east with the other injured soldiers during the last round of evacuations. That's how we met, actually… I was visiting one of my wounded subordinates in the hospital, and he was being discharged…"

Sunny felt a little relieved. At least she actually seemed to like the basta… the guy. And he was from the First Evacuation Army. Sunny might have even met him...

"So how come you don't know his name, then?"

Effie coughed again.

"That… uh… that's his Flaw, actually. He is… he was a Sleeper, back then. By now, he must have already Awakened."

Her face suddenly fell, and after a short pause, she added quietly:

"...Or died. I don't know."

Sunny was suddenly speechless.

'A Sleeper… from the Antarctic Center… whose Flaw is that his name can't be remembered?'

So the bastard who kno… the father of Effie's child was the young soldier who had been infected with the Nightmare Spell in Sunny's refugee convoy?

So he had delivered the scoundrel to her doorstep with his own two hands?!

Sunny was happy to hear that the nameless Sleeper had been evacuated from Falcon Scott and survived, actually. But at the same time…

'I am definitely beating him up once I'm back!'

Sunny was preoccupied with his own emotions, but noticing Effie's forlorn expression, he pushed them down and took a deep breath.

They had entered the Nightmare not long before the winter solstice. So, by now, the nameless Sleeper was indeed either an Awakened… or dead. Much more likely dead, considering the state they had left Antarctica in.

But that was not what she would want to hear.

Sunny hesitated for a few moments, then forced out a smile.

"Oh… that guy? Bah! I know him. Don't worry too much — he's not that easily killed. I'm willing to bet that he's perfectly fine, even. We traveled three thousand kilometers together, after all… and I personally gave him literally hundreds of soul shards to saturate his core. One could even say that I practically raised him! Will a Sleeper I raised go and die without asking my permission? No, he would be too afraid..."

Effie looked at him for a while. Slowly, the sad expression disappeared from her face, and a faint smile appeared on it instead.

Noticing that smile, Sunny frowned.

"What? I know that you're thinking about something inappropriate again… cut it out."

She shook her head and giggled.

"No, no. I was just thinking... since you say that you raised him… it should be Grandpa Doofus, then, not Uncle. Right?"

Sunny blinked.

His expression froze.

His heart skipped a beat.

"...What Grandpa Doofus?! Like hell! Take it back!"

'This evil woman!'

.

**********


                                Chapter 1422 The Incredible Adventures and Astonishing Deeds of Heroic Dreamer Sunless and his Valiant Companions in the Evil Pyramid of Ancient Dread, Abridged (Volume VI)
--------------------
After the initial shock of their meeting subsided, Sunny and Effie slowly headed deeper inland. Sunny was retracing his steps, while Effie had never been this far into the misty forest before - most of her time on Wind Flower had been spent hiding from a ferocious Nightmare Creature that dwelled on the shore.

She had ventured out in search of Jet eventually, but found Sunny instead.

He was still reeling from the fact that the vivacious huntress was with child... and that the father was a Sleeper who had once been under his command. That was a lot to digest and come to terms with.

It also changed a lot...

'No wonder Jet said that she was the only one who killed plenty of enemies.'

Effie still possessed her strength and resilience, and Sunny was still benefiting from being augmented by her Ascended Ability... but the huntress was in no state to fight. Her condition not only made her slower and less agile, but was also too delicate for the kind of physical strain a battle entailed.

What battle? She couldn't even ride Nightmare, so they had to walk at a painfully slow pace.

'That's a problem.'

Now that Effie was with him, Sunny could not cross the chasm in the same manner he had done it the first time... which meant that they would have to go around it. Added to their already lacking speed, the chance of making it to the other side of the island before the revolution ended was low.

He could not run from the Nightmare Creatures inhabiting the forest, either - it had been possible when Sunny was free to use Shadow Step, but the only person who could accompany him into the embrace of shadows was Nephis. With Effie, he had to stay grounded in his tangible form.

Suddenly, the misty expanse of the hellish island seemed infinitely vaster and more dreadful than before.

However, Sunny kept these thoughts to himself.

"...so, we spent a nice, relaxing month drifting downstream on the corpse of a Great Monster while it was being slowly devoured by a swarm of horrid abominations. Sounds ghastly, I know, but it was actually sort of peaceful. Well... anyway, in the end, I had to turn into a colossal sea serpent and kill another, even more colossal sea serpent. He turned out to be the former king of Twilight..."

Effie stared at him silently.

"...but that Dusk, whom I had killed before, turned out to be... Cassie! That's right, she has been living the sweet life in a beautiful palace all that time. Talk about being lucky, huh? So, we repaired the ship in Fallen Grace and sailed to kill a different sybil. That one, I had not killed before. She was a Corrupted Tyrant, too, but Cassie went and finished her off in one strike. What the hell, I felt so embarrassed... it would have probably taken me at least one-and-a-half strikes, you know?"

The huntress took a deep breath.

"...so, congratulations! Now you know that you have an evil twin from the future. And your Transformation Ability is to become really tall. As if you aren't tall enough already! Right, Jet's evil twin is also here, and she's even less pleasant. If it wasn't for the time loop, I would have been dead because of her."

Sunny paused for a few moments, then nodded.

"Yeah. I think that covers right about everything."

Looking at Effie, he noticed that her expression was blank.

He raised an eyebrow.

"Uh... did I not explain about the time loop well enough? I know, it's weird."

The huntress slowly shook her head.

"No. I get it. But, Sunny... do you mean to say..."

Her eyes were suddenly flashed with annoyance.

"...That I've been pregnant for more than a year?!"

'Huh?'

Now, it was his turn to have a blank expression.

The corner of Sunny's mouth twitched.

"Everything I said, and that's your only question?!"

Effie shook her head furiously.

"No, but you don't understand! Do you think being pregnant is fun?! Do you think it feels great?! Nine months is already bad enough, but it has already been more than a year, and I'm barely half-done!"

She rubbed her back with an aggrieved expression and pierced him with an angry look.

Sunny blinked.

"What are you getting angry at me for? It's not my fault! Plus, it has only technically been that long. From your perspective, those additional months do not even count!"

Effie opened her mouth, then closed it again.

"That's even worse!"

Then, she stopped, leaned on her spear, and let out a long sigh.

"...I'm hungry."

Sunny was stunned. He was perplexed.

'Women!'

Shaking his head, he summoned the Covetous Coffer and produced some food from it. Effie's eyes glinted when she saw fruit, bread, and cheese. Grabbing a handful of grapes, she sent them into her mouth.

"Oh. Oh, gods! This is it! You can't imagine... how sick I was of seaweed and fish meat... well, abomination meat..."

Sunny watched her eat silently. It seemed that Effie's already impossible hunger had become twice as dire, now... even though there was a lot of food stored in the Coffer, it was disappearing with a frightening speed.

He had summoned Saint and Fiend soon after realizing that escaping the abominations was not an option anymore, so they were standing guard around them, joined by Nightmare.

After a while, Sunny offered Effie the Endless Spring and hesitated for a few moments.

Eventually, he said:

"It must have been hard. To survive the Great River like that - unable to fight... or even protect yourself well, really. Both yourself and the... the child."

The huntress looked at him for a few moments, then shrugged with a smile.

"Yeah, sure, it wasn't easy. But Jet took good care of me."

He lingered for a bit.

"So why did you do it?"

Effie raised an eyebrow.

"Did what?"

Sunny's voice was somber and serious:

"Why did you come to the Nightmare with us instead of escaping with Beastmaster?"

Her expression froze.

"Oh..."

Effie did not answer for a while. Then, she looked down and caressed her protruding belly with a distant smile.

After a few moments of silence, she said in a subdued tone:

"Just, you know... the world is already falling apart at the seams. So, I thought, in a place like that... would this kid want to also be raised by a mother who abandons her friends? And the answer... was no."

Looking up, she put on a fake grin and shrugged.

"At least that's what I reckoned."

Sunny studied her face for a few moments, then looked away and nodded.

Then, he smiled crookedly.

"I see. So... you challenged the Third Nightmare to set an example for your child. Okay. Alright. Are you crazy?! What kind of example is that?!"

Effie laughed.

When she answered, her voice was soft:

"A stupid one?"

...In the end, they did not make it to the Chain Breaker in time. Sunny managed to keep Effie safe, but the revolution ended before they even reached the tower.

Coming to his senses on the familiar deck, Sunny looked into the mist and exhaled slowly.

'A stupid example, huh?'

Professor Obel might have been right...

Humanity needed a little stupidity to survive.

Tiredly closing his eyes, he lowered his head and sighed.

'This... is going to be a very, very long day.'

-----

Erdiuls Note: Pregnancy was kinda...random. Effie shippers on suicide watch rn.

**********


                                Chapter 1423 Lines in the Sand
--------------------
'Today... I am not going to die.'

Sitting on the white sand, Sunny was staring at the crude map drawn in front of him. On it was Wind Flower - everything he had learned about the misty island, at least.

The hidden bay where the Chain Breaker had crashed served as the southernmost point. To its east were the bone orchard and the Hollow Butterfly. To its west were the hunting grounds of the Rotting Leopard. Undying Slaughter was straight ahead, to the north, and behind her was the Seeker's Tower.

There were many more marks in the sand, of course. Sunny had marked the location of every Nightmare Creature he knew of - and there were plenty, many of whom had killed him at least once - as well as all the landmarks he had discovered.

The millipede chasm separating the far side of the island, the abandoned port where the harrowing Vine Terror dwelled, the overgrown shrine that was like a nightmare within a nightmare, the inescapable lake which had turned red because of the gargantuan carcass floating in it, the deathly ring of black obelisks...

There were all kinds of ways to die on Wind Flower.

He briefly wondered if there had ever been a map that cost its creator so much suffering.

'The worst part is that it's nearly useless.'

One map was not enough to help him navigate the island. The Nightmare Creatures populating the fog did not stay in place, making his attempts to mark their locations pointless. Devouring Beast especially had a way of appearing in the most unexpected places due to her speed. The indescribable being that hid in the mist above the island was unpredictable, as well.

So, what he had to do was to not only map every powerful abomination imprisoned on Wind Flower, but also map their movements. The drawing in the sand was only the starting point - Sunny had to mentally construct dozens more, each slightly different.

Only then would he get a clear picture of where the most terrible Nightmare Creatures were at each moment of the loop, and know how to avoid them. That, in turn, would allow Sunny to chart the fastest path to Effie and back.

The problem was that tracking the abominations was not easy. If anything, it was absolutely lethal. And Sunny did not just have to find each of the horrors once... he had to find them repeatedly at different times, all the while evading the rest of the deadly creatures.

He had just started on the task, but was already feeling utterly spent. The mental fatigue that had accumulated in the process of exploring the island was finally becoming unbearable. Sunny couldn't even think straight... drawing multiple imaginary maps was out of the question.

'Ah... I'm tired...'

He rubbed his face, feeling rather strange. His body was full of vigor and energy, but his feverish mind longed for sleep.

"Keep this up, and you'll really become the Mad Prince. Well... mad, at least. Gods know no one in their right mind would call a hideous worm like you a prince."

Sunny turned his head slightly and stared at the Sin of Solace. He was too exhausted to even get angry.

"...Who are you calling hideous? We look exactly the same, idiot."

Shaking his head, he turned back to the map.

At that point, someone's shadow fell on him. Looking up, Sunny saw Nephis... he was startled a little.

'I guess I'm really out of it.'

Not only had Sunny missed the movements of shadows, he had not even noticed the quiet ringing of her silver anklets.

"This is a map of the island?"

Cassie and Jet were not far behind her.

In the recent few revolutions, Sunny had worked a lot on shortening the time it took to rescue Soul Reaper and bring everyone up to speed. Now, it barely took him twenty minutes.

Well... his companions were still full of questions, but he could tackle them gradually. Sunny had also discarded the habit of moving alone, at least for now, and was currently trying to involve the members of the cohort in challenging the loop.

He nodded.

"Yeah."

Picking up a stick, Sunny pointed to the southernmost mark on the map.

"This is where we are."

Then, he pointed to a mark almost all the way north.

"This is where Effie is."

Finally, he pointed to a mark near the Chain Breaker, and another one slightly above it.

"And this is where we need to go."

Nephis studied the map for a few moments, deep in thought. Although she remained silent, Jet asked in a hesitant tone:

"Why don't we just beeline it to that glutton?"

Sunny shook his head.

"I've tried many times. But... it's too difficult. There are many Great abominations between here and there. Even worse, Undying Slaughter and Devouring Beast are also wandering the forest. These two... they are the most dangerous creatures on this island, by far."

Then, he looked at the map.

"But there is a cave system running below most of Wind Flower. If we can move underground, we might get to Effie in time. So, we are going to the nearest entrance to the caverns... there are Nightmare Creatures below ground too, though, so we'll make a short stop first."

Jet stared at the map for a few moments, then nodded.

With nothing else to discuss, they left the Chain Breaker behind and set out east, heading for the bone orchard. Sunny walked just behind Nightmare, staring into the distance with an empty expression. He felt... half-asleep.

Nephis studied his face with a hint of concern. She hesitated for a while, then asked:

"Are you alright?"

Sunny flinched and looked at her in confusion. After a few moments passed in silence, he smiled.

"Sure. Just tired."

Her brow furrowed a little.

"How many of these... revolutions... have you been through, exactly?"

He scratched his head.

"Ah... I don't quite remember, at the moment. About thirty, I think? Yeah, somewhere around that."

Sunny inhaled deeply, then slowly exhaled.

"I guess we've been inside this Nightmare for five months, now. Well... fourteen months, disregarding the time storm. Time flies."

Neph's frown deepened. She stared at him for a while, then looked away.

"Technically, it flows."

While he was considering if that had been a joke, she lingered, and then added in her usual even tone:

"Maybe it's time to take a break. Aren't you treating yourself too ruthlessly?"

Sunny raised an eyebrow, surprised. Nephis was someone he would have never expected to say something like that. Wasn't she a person who treated herself most ruthlessly of all? A person who didn't mind burning alive endlessly if it meant reaching her goal.

Looking ahead, he smiled.

"Alright. If you say so, I'll find an opportunity to rest, soon..."

Sunny didn't add that if he was going to take a break, she would have no choice but to take a break with him.

'What shall we do?'

His smile widened, but then slowly grew dim.

...It didn't matter.

She was not going to remember any of it, anyway, as soon as the next revolution came.

Sunny would be the only one who did.

**********


                                Chapter 1424 Do It Yourself
--------------------
Eventually, they arrived at the bone orchard. The skeletal remains of the dead horrors towered above them, and the subtle sweet smell emanated by the Hollow Butterfly permeated the flowing fog.

The members of the cohort looked around tensely, unnerved by the eerie scene. Sunny, however, had been to this sprawling graveyard many times. He walked nonchalantly between the bones, his steps hurried.

"Follow me. It's right ahead."

Soon, the Great Monster revealed itself from the mist. Even though Sunny had explained that it was not dangerous, his companions still couldn't help but grip their weapons tighter.

"What... the hell... is that?"

Jet's voice sounded hoarse.

Looking back, Sunny gave her a pale smile.

"Nephis and I call these creatures Dark Butterflies. We've seen another one in action, much further upstream... needless to say, it's a blessing that the one in front of us is Hollow."

The four of them stared up at the gargantuan form of the Great Monster in apprehension. After a few moments of silence, Nephis finally asked:

"So, why are we here, exactly?"

Sunny lingered for a few moments.

"Since it's Hollow, we won't earn anything by killing it - no soul shards, no Memories. But its body is perfectly healthy. And it's a body of Supreme quality, so... we are here to butcher it."

White sparks ignited in Neph's eyes.

"You want to craft weapons out of its chitin?"

He nodded with a tired smile.

"Yes. A few pikes, I hope. If we succeed... the pikes won't have any enchantments, but they'll still be akin to Supreme weapons. That should be of some help on this damned island."

Sunny stared at the motionless butterfly silently, then sighed.

"Let's get to work, shall we?"

The idea to repurpose the body parts of the helpless Great Monster was not that deranged, provided that one was capable of rending its impregnable carapace. Sunny was by no means an master artisan, but knew more about blacksmithing and crafting than an average Awakened did - mostly due to the Brilliant Emporium.

He was almost certain that they would be able to achieve success, even though it was going to take some time. But wasting some time here was also part of his plan - Neph had yet to replenish enough essence to use her Dormant Ability, which meant that Jet's wounds were still unhealed.

Sunny did not want to enter the caverns before both of those things had happened.

So, they camped in the middle of the bone orchard for a while. Luckily, this place was one of the safest on Wind Flower - perhaps because the Hollow Butterfly's scent scared the other Nightmare Creatures away.

Nephis and Jet simply rested and observed, while Sunny, Cassie, Saint, and Fiend were hard at work.

Their target were the six legs of the Great Monster. Severing them was no easy task, but with the help of the five shadows and the augmentation of the Crown of Dawn, as well as a scattering of useful utility Memories, the work progressed at a steady pace. Saint and Fiend, with their Transcendent strength, were of great help as well.

By the time Nephis had finally regained enough essence to heal Jet, the lower parts of the Hollow Butterfly's legs were laid out on the ground in front of them. They were still too large to be used as pikes - each at least ten meters in length - so Sunny had to splinter and shave them down some more.

Now that Neph could use her augmenting Ability, everything went much faster.

Eventually, there were six makeshift pikes in front of them, each crafted from chitin of Supreme quality. There was also a bundle of crude javelins, and a pile of long splinters to its side.

Looking at the collections of weapons, Sunny couldn't help but remember the Siege Souvenir - a javelin he had crafted from the remains of a Corrupted abomination, then enchanted and used to kill a Fallen Titan. Sadly, there was no time for him to enchant the ones in a similar manner. One day was too short to create any kind of meaningful spellweave.

Remembering the Siege Souvenir also reminded him of his battle with the Ravenous Fiend. The vengeful creature had used a crude sword fashioned from the tusk of an unknown Nightmare Creature back then...

After thinking for a few moments, Sunny picked up a slightly curved splinter of the Hollow Butterfly's chitin. Its edge was sharp enough to serve as a sword, so he tossed it to Fiend.

He also handed another piece of black chitin, this one flat and roughly circular, to Saint. Sunny had personally made it into a shield before.

"I think we are ready."

As ready as they would be... at least in this revolution.

Each member of the cohort, as well as Saint and Fined, picked up one of the pikes. The javelins were divided between Sunny, Nephis, and Jet.

Armed to the teeth, they threw one last glance at the motionless butterfly - which was now laying messily on the ground, serene despite being mutilated and deeply disturbing for that reason - and backed away.

Sunny led the group through the labyrinth of bones, stopping from time to time to ascertain their location. Eventually, they had to climb over the spine of an especially large horror, and found a small space hidden behind it.

There, the ground had been broken by a titanic blow, and a black pit waited for them, full of darkness.

"That's our way down."

It was one of the entrances to the system of underground caverns that Sunny had found.

Using Neph's golden rope, the Evertwine - which had once been earned by Cassie in her First Nightmare - they cautiously descended into the pit. Soon, the members of the cohort found themselves standing on the rough rock floor of a natural cave, surrounded by darkness.

Almost no light reached this deep down, swallowed by the mist above.

However, none of them felt too concerned about it. In fact, they even felt relieved for finally having escaped the everpresent fog - there was none of it underground.

Sunny had not mapped all the caves yet, but he knew the general location of where they had to go.

Carrying the long pike, he took a step into the darkness and sighed.

'I hope we won't die here today... again. No, I know we won't.'

**********


                                Chapter 1425 Cavern Terror
--------------------
The caverns were a Corrupted Terror's territory.

A Corrupted Terror... it had not been that long ago that Sunny would have shuddered from a mere thought of fighting a creature like that. He was still apprehensive, of course, but not nearly as much as a wise person would have been.

An abomination of that Rank and Class was not something a lone Master should have the ambition to kill - or a cohort of them, really. Sybil of the Fallen Grace, for example, had not only wiped out the entirety of LO49 and the enormous battleship sent to rescue its personnel, but also almost ended the lives of Sunny, Naeve, and Saint Bloodwave at Falcon Scott.

A Corrupted Terror was a walking disaster of chilling proportions.

...Of course, just like all people were not the same, Nightmare Creatures weren't either. One Terror could be much more dreadful than another, even within the boundaries of a same Rank. How one's Aspect countered the creature's powers, or was countered instead, also played a large role.

Sybil of the Fallen Grace, for example, had been a harrowing being even among Terrors. She had also possessed an especially insidious kind of power - the power to twist minds and subjugate living beings.

The creature hiding in the caverns of Wind Flower was entirely different.

This Terror did not possess powers that allowed it to play with its prey's mind. Neither could it destroy the prey's soul. Instead, it was viciously strong and covered by nearly impervious armor.

Or maybe it was not nearly, but absolutely impervious. At least Sunny had not been able to break it yet.

As for powers...

He wasn't sure, but it seemed like the incredible toughness of the creature's hide was a part of them. Sunny also suspected that the very existence of the underground caverns had something to do with the Terror.

If not for the fact that time on Wind Flower only encompassed a single day, who knew... perhaps, in the near future, the whole forest would have been swallowed by the growing chasm beneath it. He could also imagine entire cities turning into ruin as they collapsed into the maw of devouring earth... continents, perhaps, given enough time.

However, Sunny was not too tense about clashing with the Cavern Terror. There were two reasons why he felt hopeful about the upcoming battle.

Firstly, the creature was clearly out of its element. Not only was it trapped on an island and surrounded by water, with no time to let its dreadful influence spread, but it was also without an army of minions. Things would have been much more dreary if the system of caves was flooded with hundreds, or even thousands, of lesser abominations with similarly tough bodies.

The second reason was Jet. Her ability to ignore all forms of physical defense directly countered the most threatening trait of the powerful Terror. As long as they lived long enough for her to deliver several strikes, they would win.

The long pikes were meant to buy them that time.

As the cohort moved deeper into the caverns, Sunny explained all these points to his companions. Nephis nodded, expressing her approval of the plan.

"It would be wise not to kill it too quickly, though."

He looked at her in surprise.

"Why?"

She silently pointed to Cassie.

"Cassie needs a little time to gain knowledge of its Attributes and powers. Even if we kill this Terror now, we'll still have to face it again in the future revolutions. Her insights are much deeper than what any of us can learn from pure observation, so, with her help, fighting this Terror the next time will be easier."

She paused for a moment, and then added evenly:

"In fact, in your place, I would have brought Cassie with me everywhere. To learn about every abomination on this island from her."

Sunny stared at Nephis for a while, then turned to Cassie.

'Actually, she's right.'

He had been dying over and over again, slowly learning more about the dreadful prisoners of Wind Flower with each death. Bringing Cassie along would have sped up the process dramatically, and even allowed him to learn things he would have never learned otherwise... and yet, he had not.

Because it meant that Cassie would die over and over again, too.

And while Sunny shuddered at the thought of being cruelly killed, watching his companions die was so much worse.

...Watching Cassie die was especially hard. Maybe because, despite the fact that the delicate blind girl had proven her strength over and over again, she was still the weakest of them. And he... deep down inside, he still saw her as someone who needed his protection.

Cassie was quiet and unassuming, so it was not easy to keep her martial prowess in mind.

Sunny sighed and lowered his head.

'I'll have to involve her, regardless. My progress is too slow.'

At that moment, they entered another large cavern. The darkness here seemed especially deep and oppressive, barely retreating from the light of their luminous Memories.

He suddenly sensed the shadows moving ominously behind the thick rock wall.

Looking up sharply, Sunny lowered his pike and shouted:

"Right side! Prepare!"

In the next moment...

The wall of the cavern to their right suddenly exploded, several tons of broken stone flying at them like an artillery shells. Sunny barely had time to dodge a slab of black rock when a massive shape revealed itself from the cloud of dust, already descending upon them.

'Curses!'

The Terror resembled a giant, monstrous termite. Sunny could only see its massive head and an opened maw, with saw-like mandibles protruding repulsively from its edges. Its head alone was almost as wide as the entire cavern, and it was flying at them with dreadful speed.

The dark chasm of the creature's maw was like a cave itself.

Sunny had perished painfully inside its darkness once or twice, so he knew that there was no escape from it.

His eyes glinted furiously.

'Not this time, damn it!'

But at the same time, another, exhausted part of his mind thought:

'Ah... so what if I die again? I'm so tired...'

**********


                                Chapter 1426 Pathfinder
--------------------
Before the Terror could swallow them all, Nephis appeared in its way. Her pike was already pressed against the uneven floor of the cavern, supported by her foot, the sharp tip pointed at the approaching monstrosity. Her eyes were calm and full of resolve.

A moment later, Saint was by her side.

Sunny, Cassie, and Fiend were not far behind.

'Will it work?'

Before Sunny could even finish the thought, the Terror plunged into the row of pikes.

There was a deafening sound, and he felt a terrible force wrenching his arms. If not for Bone Weave, his bones would have probably snapped and shattered into a thousand fragments.

'Ah...'

Sunny had already increased his weight as much as he could, turning into an immovable monolith. Still, he was thrown back. Cassie had been flung back, as well - the blind girl twisted in the air and nimbly landed on her feet.

One of the pikes actually broke despite the Supreme material it had been made of, forcing Fiend to stagger back with a dumbfounded expression.

However, Nephis and Saint somehow withstood the terrible impact. More importantly, the charge of the Terror had been stopped, at least temporarily. The creature had only partially emerged from behind the broke wall, most of its revolting body still hidden from view. Neph's Pike had become stuck between two of its mandibles, while the one held by Saint was pushed against the black, glossy membrane of its eye.

And yet, there was still not even a crack on the impregnable chitin.

'Damn it...'

Even weapons crafted from Supreme material were not able to break through the Terror's armor, it seemed.

However, most of them had not shattered from the impact, and the cohort was momentarily a safe distance away from the trembling mandibles. The pikes were doing their job.

Rushing forward, Sunny put his whole weight into his own, joining Nephis and Saint. At the same time, he called upon the shadows. Tenebrous chains rose from the floor of the cavern and fell from its ceiling, wrapping around the Terror to immobilize it.

The Terror snapped its mandibles, trying to break the pikes. Its massive body moved, making the black chains groan.

"Jet!"

Right at that moment, a black steed leaped over their heads. Landing on the back of the giant creature, it rushed forward - its rider had already slid out of the saddle, the long pike held in her hands disappearing into the depths of the Terror's body.

The abominations shuddered and let out a terrifying, ear-piercing shriek.

The chains holding it down snapped, and the giant insect-like horror tried to throw Jet off its back. But at that time, Neph's eyes suddenly shone, and the soft radiance of her skin was extinguished. At the same time, her pike suddenly ignited with incandescent light.

Noticing it, Sunny sent the shadow that had been augmenting her body onto the pike, as well.

The crude weapon finally managed to break through the enemy's armor, cracking it slightly. The damage done to the Terror was not too serious, but it momentarily pinned it in place.

That moment gave Jet enough time to catch the pike that Cassie had tossed into the air before Nightmare even landed on the creature's back. Soul Reaper did not waste any time, dashing forward and delivering another vicious strike.

The creature shuddered once again. Visibly weakened and tormented by harrowing pain, it continued trying to resist... but it was already pointless.

Staring at the Terror, Sunny remembered his first meeting with Undying Slaughter and smiled spitefully. He knew better than anyone what the bastard was feeling right now.

"Kill it!"

...Before too long, the battle was over.

The actually managed to slay a Corrupted Terror without losing a single member of the cohort. The dreadful creature was dead.

'What... the hell... it's so much easier when I'm not alone...'

Sunny winced and shook his head, perplexed by his own thoughts.

'What am I thinking? Of course it is, you fool...'

He was sitting on the floor, catching his breath. Nephis was massaging her forearms with a small grimace. Cassie had retrieved the Guiding Light from the sling on her back and was now leaning heavily on it heavily.

Jet had just jumped down from the dead Terror's massive carcass. There was an amused smile on her face.

"What would you know... I received a Memory."

Sunny smiled weakly.

"Congratulations."

He had earned a few Memories himself inside the loop, as well as a fair number of fragments. Sadly, none of them remained. At the start of each revolution, the fragments were erased, and the Memories disappeared as if they had never existed.

The world was returned to its previous state, with no exceptions.

...Apart from the Sin of Solace, and the wear and tear accumulating on both his mind and his soul.

Jet stared at the giant corpse doubtfully, and then asked:

"Should we dig out the soul shards?"

Sunny shook his head.

"No point."

The carcass was too large. Retrieving the shards would take too long, and their benefits would be gone at the start of the next revolution, anyway.

He let out a sigh and stood up.

"We should continue moving. There should be no more abominations until we leave the caves... at least on the route I chose. Once we reach the chasm, though, it's going to be a little rough. There are these millipedes, you see..."

Nephis, Cassie, and Jet listened to his description, their faces slowly turning a little green.

Nevertheless, they followed him without voicing any objections.

Getting out of the chasm had indeed turned out a little rough. Cassie had to sacrifice one of her Echoes to buy them enough time, and even then, everyone ended up thoroughly wounded.

The smell of blood attracted a few Nightmare Creatures in the forest, as well. Luckily, Sunny knew which paths to take, so the combined strength of the cohort was enough to fend them off.

...But they wasted too much time.

It was already too late to try and return to the Chain Breaker by the time they reached the northern edges of the island.

Walking through the mist, Sunny suddenly raised a hand, signaling the others to stop.

Then, he shouted:

"Effie! It's me, Sunny! Don't throw your spea..."

In the next moment, he cursed and hurriedly dodged to the side. A grey spear flashed passed him and hit Saint's shield with a loud crack.

The graceful knight was pushed back several steps.

"Goddammit! Every time! Every damned time!"

Sunny raised himself from the ground and looked into the mist with a resentful expression. There, Effie stood, supporting her belly and looking at him with wide eyes.

"Doofus?"

She turned her head slightly, finally noticing the rest of her cohort. Bright joy flashed in her eyes.

Jet secretly let out a sigh of profound relief.

"Damned glutton... I knew you'd be alright..."

Cassie lingered for a moment, then tilted her head slightly.

...Nephis, however, was frozen in place.

Her eyes were strangely wide.

"Effie? Why... are you... why are you..."

The huntress looked at her in confusion, then glanced at her belly and grinned.

"Oh... I guess you wouldn't know. You see, Princess... when a man and a woman love each other very much..."

As she continued talking with a sincere expression, Neph's bewildered face slowly turned pink.

Looking at her, Sunny felt delightfully vindicated.

**********


                                Chapter 1427 Unexplored Opportunities
--------------------
There was no point in trying to get back to the Chain Breaker. The cohort had spent too much time traveling to the far side of the island, and there was not enough of it left.

Which was not to say that this revolution was useless.

Sunny had learned how to craft weapons from the Hollow Butterfly. Next time, he would be able to do it faster. He had also learned how to kill the Cavern Terror... next time, he would be able to kill better. The same went for the several abominations they had fought in the misty forest.

Especially due to the fact that Cassie had told him more about the nature and powers of those creatures. Some of the things he had already deduced, but others were a complete revelation.

Every revolution brought Sunny closer to the goal. At least...

At least he hoped so.

Currently, the members of the cohort were resting not far from the spot where they had found Effie. The huntress was greedily devouring the provisions from the Covetous Coffer, while Jet was trying to explain the nature of the time loop to her. Nephis still seemed a little dazed after learning of Effie's condition, and Cassie had silently merged into the background, like she always did.

It was easy to forget that she was even here.

Sunny, meanwhile, sat a little distance away, staring into the mist.

'Actually, it's a bit awkward.'

His thoughts were somber.

Despite how much he tried to not let the nature of time on Wind Flower affect his mindset, he was still growing more and more reliant on the time loop. For him, this revolution was as good as done - they were not going to make it back in time, so there was no point in trying. Mentally, Sunny was already considering what to do next time.

However, the situation was entirely different for his companions.

For them, there was no next time. Even if they knew that time would repeat itself, it was not the kind of thing one could really make peace with. So, they must be feeling both strange and desperate about this sudden inaction.

'There's time to do something, I guess.'

Sunny closed his eyes tiredly.

The overgrown shrine was not too far from here. So was the blood lake. It was not impossible to reach the obelisk ring, either... he had not thoroughly explored any of these places yet, and they could make an attempt.

Of course, the reason for why Sunny had not been able to study these areas was because they were too deadly. He would make some progress if he took the cohort there, but only at the cost of their lives.

Sunny had started this revolution with a promise to stay alive, so he was in no mood for dying, or watching his companions die.

A heavy sigh escaped from his lips.

'Well, there's a couple safer things I've yet to try.'

Since Sunny was currently in the information-gathering phase of his vague plan to escape Wind Flower, there were plenty of options he had yet to explore.

He summoned a Memory. Soon, an ominous mirror encased in dark silver appeared in his hand, its surface like a pool of mercury. The Mirror of Truth...

He had received this Ascended Memory of the Seventh Tier after accidentally slaying the Fallen Titan, Defiled Seeker of Truth. The abomination had practically fallen on his head during the joint battle in East Antarctica, and was killed by him out of pure luck.

Its single enchantment allowed Sunny to gain one power of a being caught in the reflection of the Mirror of Truth, for a period of time. The Memory would be destroyed after that.

It was not hard to realize that this one-use artifact was uniquely suited for Wind Flower. After all, it could be used repeatedly here, once during each revolution. It was strangely fitting, considering that the island had once belonged to one of the Seekers.

Sunny had yet to use it, though. Except for Undying Slaughter and the Devouring Beast, he did not know enough about the prisoners of Wind Flower to do so. And catching a reflection of those two without being killed by them was no easy task.

So, currently, the reflection caught by the Mirror of Truth was that of Nephis - she had picked up the Memory once, back on the Black Island, and her visage still remained caught on the mercurial surface.

'Blindly trying to reflect abominable powers has been a problem before... but if I indeed involve Cassie, it can become feasible.'

This was a whole layer of opportunities he had to think about and explore. The enchantment of the Mirror of Truth was not limited to Nightmare Creatures, either. Sunny could temporarily gain the Aspect Abilities of the cohort members, as well... Neph's flames, Cassie's premonition, Jet's ability to destroy souls, Effie's herculean strength...

His tired mind went into a stupor from the sheer amount of intertwined possibilities.

After a while, Sunny dismissed the Mirror of Truth and took a deep breath.

There was another tool at his disposal that he had not used yet. The fragment of Shadow God's domain that he had received as a reward for mastering the fourth step of Shadow Dance.

He had not experimented with it before due to the fear of wasting this powerful Legacy Relic. But now that Sunny was inside of the loop... was there a better place to learn what the Domain Fragment could actually do?

He had been considering unleashing it for a while now. What stopped Sunny before was the desire to learn more about Wind Flower first. But he had already explored most of it, at least tentatively. Was there a reason to wait?

Only one...

He was exhausted.

Sunny stared bleakly into the mist.

'The Mirror of Truth and the fragment of Shadow's Domain. I'll try them next.'

But first... he really needed a break. Assessing these two tools would go much better with a fresh mind.

Glancing at the members of the cohort, Sunny hesitated for a few moments, and then asked:

"Do you guys... want me to do anything specific once the next revolution starts?"

When was the last time he had a real day off, free to do anything he wanted... or do nothing at all?

Even in the periods of relative calm, Sunny had always been burdened by the need to accomplish so many things. This time, he wasn't going to bother.

He was just going to... rest.

A hint of excitement suddenly bloomed in his ragged heart.

**********


                                Chapter 1428 Searching Reflection
--------------------
Sunny waited for a moment... then waited some more. He was back on the deck of the Chain Breaker, surrounded by flowing mist. A slight tremor ran through his body.

'I'm tired.'

He straightened slowly and stared into the fog. It was time for him to take a break, but... Sunny wasn't even sure what he was supposed to do. His companions were just as useless as far as resting was concerned - none of them had given him a single good idea.

Well... except for Jet. She had looked at him for a few moments, chuckled, and told him to take a good nap.

Which was not a bad piece of advice. As a government officer who had always looked overworked and suffering from sleep deprivation, she would know best.

That said...

Even though this revolution was supposed to be his day off, Sunny still had to rescue Jet. Relaxing while she was being killed by Undying Slaughter did not sound restful at all. He couldn't bring himself to even think about skipping this step.

'Ah...'

Glancing at Nephis and Cassie, Sunny walked over to Nightmare and climbed into the saddle. Neph looked at him questioningly.

"Sunny? What are you doing?"

He couldn't be bothered to explain things properly.

"Leaving. Don't worry, I'll be back soon. Until then... just stay here."

Leaving the two bewildered young women behind, Nightmare leaped into the mist.

As the familiar scenes flew past him, Sunny summoned the Mirror of Truth and studied the reflection of Nephis on its mercurial surface. After hesitating for a few moments, he activated the [Searching Reflection] enchantment.

At the same time, he imagined a pure white flame and thought:

'Soul Flame.'

A small crack appeared on the silver mirror.

Suddenly, Sunny felt very strange. It was as if his soul, which had always been still and silent, was in motion... rolling, billowing. Burning. It was not painful, just unfamiliar.

[Soul Flame] Ability Description: "Your soul burns with the purest of flames. That flame can both restore and destroy, and is both a blessing and a curse."

'How peculiar.'

Sunny had gained Nephis's Dormant Ability. It was then that he realized an important detail - possessing something and being in control of it were two different things. He should have expected that much, though. After all, it took him some time to learn how to use his own Aspect.

For the rest of the way, Sunny kept trying to manifest Soul Flame. As he did, more tiny cracks appeared on the surface of the Mirror of Truth. Judging by the rate at which the Memory deteriorated, he could borrow a Dormant Ability for about half a day.

He suspected that an Awakened one would destroy the Memory in a few hours, while an Ascended one would not last for more than one. A Transcendent Ability might shatter the Mirror of Truth in mere minutes, while anything greater... perhaps just a few moments would be enough.

Still... it was sort of exhilarating.

Eventually, a small black flame appeared on his palm. Sunny stared at it incredulously.

'...It's black?'

He had expected to see the pure white flame, just like what Nephis could summon.

But it made sense. Soulflame was just that... flame produced from one's soul. Nephis's soul was pure and incandescent, while his was lightless and dark.

Sunny also felt that his black flame was much, much weaker than hers. It was reasonable, too - although the [Flame of Divinity] and the potency of his Ascended soul fueled it, he lacked Nephis's lineage Attribute, [The Fire]. That Attribute granted her unmatched affinity to flame and, among other things, empowered her soul.

Also... Sunny lacked the innate resistance to fire it granted her.

"Ouch!"

He hurriedly dismissed the black flame when the skin on his palm started to blister. It hurt like hell.

Sunny was no stranger to pain, but burning... burning was up there with the absolute worst kinds of it. It was hard to imagine something more terrible.

A deep frown contorted his face.

As Nightmare dashed deeper into the misty forest, Sunny continued concentrating on his newfound Ability. Eventually, he managed to summon soulflame again, this time channeling it into his body instead of manifesting it outside of himself. This time, it did not hurt.

His skin was suddenly suffused with a strange dark radiance. Concentrating it on his hands, he watched as the blisters on his palm slowly disappeared.

Sunny had just healed himself.

'Wow.'

How nice would it be, to be able to mend his own wounds?

He shook his head.

'Where did Nephis get the audacity to call me a cockroach, even?'

If anything, she was the ultimate roach!

He spent a bit more time experimenting with soulflame and eventually managed to get it to empower his body. Augmented both by both the dark flames and the shadows, Sunny felt dire strength coursing through his veins... it was not quite as daunting as when Nephis shared her flame with him, but almost comparable.

One curious detail of this augmentation was that it did not divide itself into five distinct parts, akin to his five shadows. Instead, it was a single mass of flame which could be divided however he wished.

'Huh...'

Sunny imagined being augmented by his five shadows, all of the authentic soulflame, all of the mirrored soulflame, Effie's Ascended Ability, and the Crown of Dawn on top of that.

Wouldn't that turn him into an absolute monster?

Yes, it would... sadly, Wind Flower was a place where even a monster like that was close to the bottom of the food chain.

'It's an option worth remembering, though.'

At this point, Sunny could already smell Jet's blood in the air.

Galloping past the familiar trees, he noticed her hunched figure and reached down.

"Grab my hand!"

Jet looked up, her face pale and pained. It took her a moment to recognize his voice, and another one to shake off her shock. Not even understanding the situation completely, she reached forward.

Sunny pulled her up. This time, however, he put Jet in front of him, instead of behind him.

They ended up in quite an awkward pose, his hand pressed against her back and soaked in her blood.

She grimaced.

"Sunny... you... really know how to..."

He interrupted her:

"Make a girl squeal? Yeah. I know. Now, stay still."

His bloodied hand was suddenly suffused with the dark radiance once again. And washed in that radiance... Jet's wounds slowly began to heal.

It was nowhere near as fast and efficient as when Nephis healed people, but it still worked. And since Nephis was currently devoid of essence, that was more than enough.

A dark smile appeared on his face.

'That should save me a lot of time in the future...'

No matter how many times the future repeated itself.

**********


                                Chapter 1429 Bed Time
--------------------
Soon, Nightmare landed on the deck of the Chain Breaker. Sunny had been a bit distracted, so he was surprised to see that Nephis was pointing her sword at him. After a short moment, she let out a sigh and sheathed it again.

'Right. They didn't see us approaching because of the mist, and then something fast jumped out of it and landed on the ship.'

After the lackluster explanation Sunny had given them, both Cassie and Nephis must have been tense and uneasy for the past half an hour.

"You're back..."

Nephis started to talk, but then grew silent. She had finally noticed the bloodied figure sitting in front of Sunny.

Jet used that moment to gingerly jump down and stretch.

"Horse riding... is just not for me. Ah, I miss my PTV."

Cassie seemed taken aback.

"...Soul Reaper Jet?"

Jet nodded and smiled.

"One and only."

Then, her expression darkened.

"Well... I suppose not anymore."

For a few moments, everyone was silent. Nephis and Cassie were looking between Sunny and Jet, startled. He had already dismounted and was rubbing his face, a little spaced out.

"Sunny... you have already found Jet?"

He stared at Nephis for a moment, then nodded.

"Yes. I also found Effie. She's on the other side of the island, but we can't go there yet. Oh... Undying Slaughter and Devouring Beast are also here. As well as a number of Great Nightmare Creatures. Basically, everywhere you go on this island, only death awaits."

All of it was news for Cassie and Nephis, and most of it was news to Jet.

He paused for a moment, ignoring their somber expressions, and nodded.

"Alright. I'm going to sleep. Don't leave the ship."

Sunny headed for the hatch to the interior of the ship, but was stopped by Nephis.

"Wait... if you don't mind. How do you know all this? What happened?"

The corner of his eye twitched.

"Wind Flower exists inside a closed loop of repeating time, and I have already lived through this day a few dozen times. I can remember the previous revolutions because of my cursed sword. The last time around, you told me to rest... so that's what I'm doing. I'm going to take a nap. Now, if you'll excuse me..."

He walked between the three frozen women and disappeared into the hatch.

Finding his way to his sleeping quarters, Sunny dismissed his mantle and toppled onto his bed. His pillow had never felt so soft.

'I'll take a small nap... just a few hours... and then explain everything properly.'

Closing his eyes, he instantly fell into the comforting embrace of sleep.

The next thing Sunny knew...

He was crouching on the deck of the Chain Breaker, just as tired as he had been before. He waited for a moment, then straightened and looked around in confusion.

'What is this?'

Sunny... was back to the start of the loop.

His expression soured.

'What the hell? Did I sleep through the whole day?'

Or had something killed him in his sleep?

Turning around, Sunny frowned and looked at Nephis. She met his gaze and said:

"I'm fine. I can still put up a fight."

He stared at her for a moment, then cursed and jumped into the saddle. Before Nephis or Cassie could say anything, the dark destrier had already disappeared into the mist.

'I just want to sleep in peace. How hard can it be?'

Sunny used the Mirror of Truth again, found Jet, and healed her. Returning to the Chain Breaker, he dismounted first and looked at his tense and startled companions in exasperation.

Before they could say anything, he raised a hand and stopped them.

"Yes, I found Jet. Time loops on this island, so I have already lived through these events a bunch of times. Leaving the ship is too dangerous, so please don't. I am going to sleep... I might seem crazy and rude, but it was actually you who insisted that I take a break. I'll be off, then."

With that, he nodded and used Shadow Step to disappear from the deck.

Three confused women were left in his wake.

Falling on his bed, Sunny closed his eyes and sighed.

'Sleep...'

Then, he was standing on the deck of the Chain Breaker again.

Sunny straightened, took a deep breath, and bellowed:

"Damnation!"

***

It took Sunny five more revolutions to finally feel refreshed. Each time, he rescued Jet and went directly to bed, only to find himself standing back on the misty deck not long after.

At least it felt short. In truth, Sunny must have slept until the termination point of the loop each time.

On the eighth revolution, finally, he came to his senses feeling... if not well, then at least not bone tired. His mind was clear, and his thought flowed freely without being burdened by the weight of accumulated stress.

'I've... must have been more exhausted than I thought.'

His recovery speed was already supposed to be incredible thanks to the Shroud of Dusk. Considering that it took him a whole week of doing pretty much nothing but sleeping to recover... Sunny promised himself not to underestimate the strain of reliving the horrors of Wind Flower over and over again anymore.

Luckily, he had paused before his sanity collapsed.

That said, his mental state was still delicate. Giving himself enough time to sleep was one thing... but he also had to go through some kind of positive experiences to counter the destructive effect of dying repeatedly in all kinds of macabre ways.

'What is supposed to come after getting a good night's sleep?'

Staring into the mist, Sunny pondered for a while, and then smiled.

'Actually, isn't it obvious?'

It was breakfast!

Nodding to himself, he walked past Nephis and Cassie and climbed into the saddle. Both of them looked at him in surprise.

"Sunny? What are you doing?"

He looked down at his companions and lingered for a few moments.

Then, he said:

"I have an idea of where Jet is. I'll go fetch her really quick. Meanwhile, though, I have a strange request..."

Turning to Nephis, he put on his most pleasant smile.

"Neph, it might sound weird... but can you cook up something tasty while I'm gone? Go all out! Use any ingredient you need. It's rather important that you don't hold back."

She simply stared at him, a hint of confusion hiding in her striking grey eyes.

"I... guess I can?"

Sunny grinned.

"Great! Oh! Don't forget to make coffee! Wait, we don't have coffee... tea, then! The best tea we have!"

With that, he commanded Nightmare to leap into the mist.

It was time for him to be pampered a little!

**********


                                Chapter 1430 The Last Meal
--------------------
Some time later, Sunny was sitting on his opulent Memory chair in front of a veritable feast of all kinds of delicious food. Better yet, it was all prepared by Nephis... he was drooling from just looking at it.

They were currently at the mess deck of the Chain Breaker. Sunny was sick and tired of the mist, so being away from it was already doing wonders for his mood. Because of the dimness of the outside world, the mess deck was illuminated by the warm light of luminous Memories... the fragrance of his luxurious breakfast permeated the air.

Nephis was staring at him with a serious expression, her confusion hidden so well that no one except for him would have detected it.

"You said that it was important, so... I did my best."

Sunny marveled at how endearing her seriousness was, then nodded and immediately picked up his chopsticks.

'Where to start...'

For a moment, he was lost for choice.

But only for a moment.

Soon, he was happily stuffing his face with several dishes at the same time. His table manners... would make Fiend look like a gentleman, in comparison.

Nephis, Cassie, and Jet stared at him incredulously.

After a while, Jet let out a long sigh and asked:

"Sunny... sorry to interrupt your meal... but aren't you going to explain what is going on?"

He stopped chewing for a moment and glanced at her briefly.

"I might."

Then, he asked sweetly:

"Oh, can anyone pour me a cup of tea?"

The teapot was right there in front of him, but what was the point of being pampered if he had to do everything himself?

Nephis blinked, confused.

"Can't you do it yourself?"

Sunny smiled. Considering that his cheeks had ballooned because of all the food in his mouth, his smile looked nothing short of ridiculous.

"I can."

There were a few moments of awkward silence.

Then, Nephis sighed and poured tea into a beautiful porcelain cup.

"Here you go."

Sunny nodded in gratitude and chased down the food with a sip of the bitter tea.

"Ah... shame there's no coffee anywhere in this tomb..."

He was enjoying his break quite a bit. The other three, however, seemed a little concerned. After a while, Nephis cleared her throat and asked evenly:

"So, are you going to tell us what is going on or not?"

Sunny swallowed, took another sip of tea, and gave her a contemplative look.

"Well, you see. How do I put it... I just wanted you to make me breakfast."

Neph's usually motionless face seemed to twitch a little.

But he was not done talking. His voice turned grave:

"...Because I don't have a lot of time left. I only have a day to live."

She was suddenly pale.

Jet's eyes widened. Cassie flinched.

All three of them knew that Sunny could not lie. Which meant that... he was really going to die.

"What?!"

Sunny nodded solemnly.

"Yes. Sadly, it's true... I am going to die soon. It's inevitable, and none of you can stop it. So, I just wanted to spend a pleasant day with you, guys... gals? Anyway, this breakfast is a good start..."

There was dead silence in the mess deck. Jet was frozen still. Cassie seemed petrified.

Nephis, however, slowly leaned over, raised a hand... and poked his face with a finger.

Her voice trembled a little:

"He... he's not wearing the mask..."

Something fell to the floor with a loud noise.

Sunny rubbed his cheek, blushed a little, and looked at Neph with reproach.

"Right. Now that we're past that... let's get back to food. It's getting cold!"

Saying that, he nonchalantly continued to stuff his face. A satisfied sigh escaped from his lips.

After a few moments, he looked up and saw three beautiful women staring at him in stunned silence. Their faces were pale.

Sunny sighed.

"What?"

Cassie did not move. Furious white sparks ignited in the depths of Neph's eyes.

But it was Jet who broke the silence first:

"What do you mean, what?! Do you expect to drop that bomb on us and continue eating as if nothing happened?! What do you mean, you are going to die?! Why?! Who is going to kill you?! How do we prevent it?!"

It was probably the first time Sunny saw the infamous Soul Reaper Jet lose her composure. Well... disregarding the days she was crawling around their raft trying to eat him.

But she had been much calmer even then.

Nephis opened her mouth, then closed it, then opened it again. Eventually, she simply pointed to Jet.

Cassie nodded.

"What Master Jet said!"

Sunny blinked a few times and put a confused expression on his face.

"I mean... yes? Do you expect me to let all this food go to waste? And I mean dying by "going to die". A terrible Nightmare Creature is going to kill me. As for preventing it... ah, there's no point, really. It is what it is."

He reached for his tea and shook his head:

"I don't get it. Why are you guys making a scene?"

He basked in their comical expressions for a few moments, and then exploded with laughter.

"Oh... oh, sorry... damn! I think I am starting to understand Effie better. This is really fun!"

Gulping down the tea, Sunny smiled and looked at his companions with mirth in his eyes. By now, they were thoroughly dumbfounded.

He sighed.

"Listen... I did not tell you before, but this whirlpool is actually a whirlpool of time. Time moves in a circle on this island, meaning this day repeats itself over and over."

They stared at him silently.

"What I mean to say is that all of us have been reliving the same day ever since arriving at Wind Flower. I'm just the only one who remembers the previous ones. I've died a few dozen times already trying to get us out... and I'll definitely die many more times before we finally escape this hellhole."

His teeth gleamed in a cavalier grin.

"What, did you think that dying would actually kill me?"

Since his companions seemed to be having trouble with comprehending the nature of the time loop, Sunny explained it again, this time in detail. He wasn't hurried, and did not forget to thoroughly enjoy Neph's breakfast in the process.

Luckily, Sunny already had rich experience of having this conversation, so he did it again with ease.

His mood was quite good.

When he was done, Nephis, Cassie, and Jet glanced at each other.

After a few moments of silence, Nephis asked:

"So although you are indeed going to die soon, you'll come back to life at the start of the next... revolution? Every time?"

Sunny nodded.

"Exactly!"

She looked down and took a deep breath.

When she spoke again, her voice sounded strange:

"So what you mean to say is that... we can kill you right now, and you'll be fine tomorrow?"

Sunny scratched his head.

"I guess so. Although it's a weird way to put it."

Nephis nodded, as if coming to a decision.

Then, she looked at Cassie and Jet.

"So, we're in agreement? He has to be killed, right?"

Cassie and Jet nodded seriously.

"Yes. Of course."

"Let's not make it quick..."

Sunny blinked, this time out of sincere surprise.

"Uh... what? What do you mean, kill me?"

Jet smiled leisurely as she slowly rose to her feet.

"Why are you making a scene? We'll just kill you a little. For education purposes."

Suddenly, a cold chill crept up his spine.

Cassie and Nephis were standing up, as well.

"W-wait... wait a minute! This has somehow gone terribly wrong. It was just a little joke! Today is supposed to be my day off, okay? Don't do anything rash!"

A small smile appeared on Neph's face, with dangerous sparks dancing in her eyes.

"You don't have to worry... we won't rush..."

His five shadows observed the scene with a mix of disdain and pity. A few of them shook their heads dejectedly.

'Why are they so angry?!'

After a moment, the shadows winced.

...Loud sounds of something heavy crashing into the floor resounded from the mess deck of the Chain Breaker for a while after that.

**********

