Shadow Slave - PART 188
Chapters 1871 to 1880
==============================


                                Chapter 1871 Shadow of Death
--------------------
Sunny allowed his shadow sense to expand like a tide, enveloping the entire battlefield. The battle line established by the previous two war parties stretched across many kilometers, so an avalanche of information instantly poured into his mind, threatening to overwhelm him.

There were tens of thousands of soldiers, each using a unique Aspect. Awakened, Masters, and Saints. There were countless abominations, as well, ranging from lumbering monstrosities to vast swarms of tiny vermin. There was the jungle itself, too — moving, growing, hungering.

The clash of it all made a myriad of shadows dance in a staggering mayhem of motion, making Sunny draw a heavy breath.

Luckily, he had long learned how to deal with his Transcendent senses. Staying in the outskirts of NQSC had been a harsh lesson, but an effective one — Sunny knew how to cast the net of his perception wide, but only pay attention to important details.

After all, people were not usually overwhelmed by looking at a busy image. They simply saw what they needed to see, and filtered out the rest.

A few heartbeats later, he was aware of what was happening across the entire battlefield. It did put a strain on his mind, but in return, the level of awareness Sunny now possessed was unmatched — a priceless quality for a military commander.

The second war party was retreating, the third party was advancing. Summer Knight and his Saints were disentangling themselves from the enemy and leading their retinues back. In turn, Sunny and his Transcendent champions were supposed to cover their retreat.

'Good. Good…'

Sunny smiled behind the mask.

Life had been so complicated lately, but battle… battle was simple. It was kill or be killed, with nothing between.

The jungle was boiling with abominable life all around him. Even though it had only recently crawled back to the surface from the Hollows, the scarlet foliage was already thick, and all kinds of creatures were rushing in his direction.

His war party had its work cut out for it, but these infantile horrors were not for him to deal with.

Some distance away, spread out in the jungle, the Saints were already engaging with the enemy.

Sunny took another step forward, and his shadows suddenly split, separating into three inky silhouettes.

Then, the inky darkness surged.

A graceful stone knight rose from one shadow, two ruby flames igniting coldly behind the visor of her helmet.

She raised her round shield and calmly struck its rim twice with the blade of her black sword.

A towering fiend forged from black silver rose from another, his carapace littered with blade-like spikes. Each of his claws was like a razor-sharp dagger, and infernal flames were burning with hungry malice in his demonic eyes.

Finally, a great serpent slithered from the third shadow, its body like an endless onyx wall. The serpent twisted its neck, which was like a black tower, and its enormous head rose above the jungle, observing the sea of scarlet moss and dense foliage from far above.

A moment later, the three shadows rose from the ground, fusing with Saint, Fiend, and Serpent.

Immediately, there was a change. Saint's armor shone with dark radiance, and wisps of dark smoke seem to rise from beneath it. The flames burning in Fiend's eyes grew more intense, but were painted a darker and more sinister hue. Serpent, meanwhile, seemed to grow even more solid, the gemlike surface of his onyx scales seemingly absorbing light.

Sunny gestured with his black odachi.

"Go."

Saint silently moved toward the left side of the battlefront. Serpent slithered toward the right side like a torrent of darkness. Fiend remained in place, exhaling two jets of red flame from his nostrils — in the coming battle, he would be the centerpiece of the entire offense.

Sunny, meanwhile, dissolved into shadows.

He had no particular spot in mind for himself. Instead, being aware of the entire battlefield and capable of teleportation, he would be moving from one peril to another and assisting the other Saints.

'Eight hours…'

Eight hours of relentless combat was a little bit too much, even for him. It would have been fine if that was the end, but the push to the Breastbone Reach had only just started. The next couple of weeks would be a hellish trial… one more for his collection of vile ordeals.

'There.'

He sensed it through the shadows — an especially dire presence barreling through the scarlet undergrowth toward the loose formation of the war party, not too far away from him.

The abominations of Godgrave were strange creatures. They were born weak, but became incredibly powerful and ferocious in a matter of days, or sometimes even hours, by battling and devouring each other.

The most fierce, ruthless, and lucky of them became strong enough to descend into the Hollows, away from the annihilating radiance of the sky,

and compete with the dreadful abominations dwelling there for a spot in the nurturing twilight. The Hollows were so dangerous because there was no natural limit to the lifespan of the Nightmare Creatures there — only their own savage instincts and hunting abilities.

The jungle on the First Rib had been burned away recently with the help of Saint Tyris, so most of the abominations facing the expedition force were still comparatively weak. However, there were exceptional cases even among them. The most dire danger, though, were the old Nightmare Creatures that had lost the competition for food and resources in the Hollows.

Driven by hunger and desperation, they sometimes climbed back to the surface to satiate their hunger by preying on the weaker abominations.

Their situation might have been desperate, but their power and experience could not be underestimated. The Awakened soldiers had no hope of standing in the way of these old monsters, so they had to be eliminated at all costs.

The creature Sunny had senses was one of these seasoned predators.

Emerging from the shadows, he barred the path of the vile creature. One look at it, and Sunny's expression turned somber.

'A Great Monster.'

The Great Monster was gaunt and weakened, its body covered in festering wounds. Its power seemed to be greatly diminished, and honestly, it looked on the verge of toppling to the ground, dead. The Hollows must not have been kind to this dreadful creature in recent years — or maybe even decades.

But a dying beast was often the most dangerous. There was a feverish gleam in the bloodshot eyes of the abomination, and a hint of predatory cunning in its demented gaze.

Sunny himself, meanwhile, was not in his best state. His three shadows were out there accompanying Saint, Fiend, and Serpent, so he was devoid of any augmentations. All he had was his raw strength as a Transcendent Terror.

And his skill.

And, of course…

'My will.'

He was the shadow of Death, after all. If he willed something to die, his determination had to be worth something.

'Then, die.'

**********


                                Chapter 1872 Burning Bright
--------------------
The Great Beast resembled an enormous, emaciated tiger with black fur and red stripes. No… the red markings on his gaunt body only looked like stripes. In truth, they were festering wounds that revealed vibrant red flesh and the sprouts of tall, blood-red grass growing from the rotting meat.

There were motes of crimson light drifting above the grass, made pale by the radiance of the Cloudveil. Those motes were living beings — tiny fireflies that fed on the Monster's blood and propagated in his infested flesh. Sunny felt a wave of revulsion wash over him when he recognized the vile nature of the beautiful shimmer.

The great tiger must have looked breathtaking once, in the dim twilight of the Hollows. But now, it had been reduced to this ghastly and hideous state.

At the same time, Sunny felt a pang of regret.

He wanted to learn the creature's name. But, sadly, the Nightmare Spell was silent — once he killed the enemy, its familiar voice would not whisper into his ear, revealing a hint of the Great Monster's story.

He had never seriously considered it, but it was really a shame, to kill enemies without learning anything about them.

At least their shadows remained in his Soul Sea as silent reminders that they masters had existed once.

He almost called upon Cassie to ask her to take a look at the Great Monster, but then abandoned that thought. She must have been busy with her own important tasks — now that Mordret was on the verge of ravaging the Sword Domain, Clan Valor would lean heavily on their Seneschal and best diviner.

Even though Cassie could not see the future anymore, her Aspect was still capable of revealing the secrets of the present and the past to her.

So, he did not want to bother Cassie unless the enemy he had to deal with was at least a Devil. With those, knowing about their unholy powers in advance could mean the difference between life and death.

A Great Monster, meanwhile, was nothing more than a dreadfully powerful, rabid animal. The world might bend to its will, but that will could not be too sophisticated.

This one in particular was severely weakened, on top of that.

'Fiend…'

Making sure that the Great Monster's bloodshot eyes caught the sight of him, Sunny raised the odachi and dashed forward. He was weaker and slower than the abomination — but that did not matter.

Because he could sense the movements of the Monster's shadow, and dive into its corrupted mind. Using Shadow Dance,

he could somewhat guess where the tiger would strike, and when.

A moment before the giant paw of the mighty tiger shattered his armor and broke his body, Sunny turned into a shadow and slid under the terrible claws. A moment later, he assumed his corporeal form again and delivered a swift strike to the chest of the enormous creature.

His odachi did not deal a lot of damage, but it did cut deep — he had aimed for one of the open wounds on the body of the abomination, bypassing the adamantine barrier of its tough hide.

His goal was not to deliver the black tiger a serious wound. Instead, he just wanted to bring it pain.

And bring it he did.

The Great Monster let out a tortured, demented roar. A split second later, Sunny was already dashing back — he had gotten too close to the emaciated creature, and especially to the beautiful motes of red light drifting in the air around it.

Sunny was wary of the tiger, but he was much more wary of the crimson fireflies. In fact, he wanted to avoid being near them as if they were a plague.

He landed on the moss a few dozen meters away from the abomination and raised his odachi again, attracting its attention. Before, the Great Monster was looking at him as if Sunny was food… but now, there was pure hatred in its frenzied gaze.

'Good… come on, come get me…'

The giant tiger lunged forward. This time, instead of advancing to meet it, Sunny retreated instead.

He fled across the scarlet jungle, evading a barrage of lethal attacks. The tiger was like a hurricane of bloodred darkness, devastating everything in its path. The white surface of the ancient bones resisted its dire might and its sharp claws, but everything else was obliterated — the moss, the vines, the young trees, and even the weaker Nightmare Creatures.

Only Sunny remained unscathed, leading the Great Monster away from the war party. On the way, they passed Rivalen of Aegis Rose — the gallant Saint was engaged in a battle against a Corrupted Tyrant and its newborn minions, single-handedly holding the entire swarm back. He was not dealing the Tyrant any damage, but he was also preventing it from reaching the soldiers.

Noticing the rolling wave of destruction and the terrifying silhouette of the giant tiger at the heart of it, as well as the white hair of the Lord of Shadows dancing in the wind, Saint Rivalen froze for a short moment.

His eyes widened a little.

"A… A Great Nightmare Creature… he's fighting it alone?"

Then,

he had no time to be distracted anymore.

However, just then, a cold voice reached him from a distance...

The Lord of Shadows was eerily calm, considering his dire situation.

"Hold tight, Shield Wall! I'll come to assist you in a little while."

Then, the terrible monster and his slippery prey moved out of sight.

Sunny was sweating under the Onyx Mantle. Actually, it was quite incredible… that armor granted him an unreasonably high resistance to the elements, and he was a Saint on top of that. Despite that, the suffocating heat of Godgrave made him sweat more than he had in the last four years.

It was as if the incandescent abyss above and the heat emanated by its ruthless radiance did not care about the natural course of things.

'Ah… how annoying…'

Sunny dashed back to avoid another furious attack of the black tiger. The abomination shot past him, landed on the moss, and spun around like a deadly whirlwind. Its tail whipped in the air, toppling dozens of twisted trees.

At that moment, however… Sunny slipped.

He seemed to lose balance as his leg slid awkwardly, and at the same time, blades of scarlet grass crawled up the polished onyx of his greave, rooting him in place. He tried to free himself, but fruitlessly — it seemed that, for the moment, he was trapped.

The Great Monster lunged at the helpless prey…

'Just where I wanted you.'

And then, a towering figure of polished black silver exploded from the jungle, colliding with the creature's side.

Fiend tore into the flesh of the Great Monster with all his four hands, easily slicing through its adamantine hide with dagger-like, glowing red claws. The black tiger let out an agonized wail as he was ruthlessly butchered.

Sunny would have had to work harder to achieve the same result, but in theory, he was capable enough to cut down the Great Monster himself.

However…

Those crimson fireflies were giving him a very, very bad feeling. He was not only worried about himself, but also about the soldiers that would pass the carcass as the offensive continued.

Therefore, he had lured the abomination toward Fiend.

Sunny's personal Supreme Devil, meanwhile, opened his terrifying maw. More infernal glow spilled from it, and then, he breathed out a powerful stream of sinister red flame. The hellish fire enveloped the convulsing tiger, vaporizing its blood, incinerating its flesh, turning the sprouts of crimson grass to ash, and most importantly of all, annihilating the swarm of beautiful fireflies.

Sunny stopped pretending to be trapped and easily tore his leg free.

Sensing a trickle of shadow fragments enter pour into his soul, he smiled darkly.

'That's better…'

**********


                                Chapter 1873 Shadow Commander
--------------------
Of course, the battle did not end with the death of the appalling Great Monster — it was only just beginning. Sunny remained calm and collected as he extended his senses across the vast battlefield, submerging himself into its violent immensity, and determined his next prey.

In moments like these, he had to be strategic. Every step had to be deliberate, every action had to be precisely calculated. He had to be effective, but above that, he had to be efficient — both in his own actions and in how he used the people and tools at his disposal. Otherwise, the battle formation would not be able to contend against the overwhelming force of the enemy sooner or later.

The authority vested in him was great, but the threat facing the war party was greater. If he wanted his army to prevail, he had to be surgical in how he moved around the battlefield and had to command his champions with both finesse and foresight.

Luckily, Sunny already possessed a decisive advantage when compared to other generals — his detailed, comprehensive, and instantaneous awareness of everything that was happening on the battlefield. While not as blatant as his other powers, his shadow sense was a miraculous ability. It was, perhaps, the one power that made him seem like a demigod the most.

'...I'm a general now?'

Sunny left the smoldering remains of the Great Monster behind and rushed to his next appointment. It was to help Shield Wall deal with the Corrupted Tyrant that the Saint was struggling against — which would take a few minutes, at most.

After that, the battle turned into a blur.

He moved across the battlefield like a shadow, emerging from the darkness to clash with the most dangerous foes spawned by the scarlet infestation. Ghastly beasts, vast swarms of abominable vermin that flowed like a tide, grotesque plants that sprawled across hundreds of meters, waiting for prey to walk into their hungry maws or grabbing them with thorny vines… after a while, Sunny felt his curiosity wane.

He could not even be bothered to remember the endless parade of deadly horrors he had to destroy, let alone wonder what they were called. All he wanted was to cut them down as swiftly and safely as possible, then move on to the next crisis.

As time went on, Sunny was drawn into the cadence of the battle. He should have grown tired, moving slower and with more caution — but instead, he had only become more ruthless, deadly, and domineering.

His black odachi was like a harbinger of death and devastation. Wherever the figure in onyx armor appeared, severed corpses fell to the ground, and blood flowed like a river, quenching the boundless thirst of the scarlet moss.

He felt as if rust was falling off his joints, tendons, and mind. It had been a long time since he had an opportunity to temper himself in this kind of combat — dire, daunting, and relentless. Most importantly of all, he was fighting alone, devoid of the support of his Shadows and any augmentation.

Sunny had grown used to relying on his overwhelming strength in the last few years. His strength was usually enhanced manyfold by the shadows, Saint and Fiend were always fighting by his side, and more often than not, he faced his enemies while embraced by the soothing darkness of a Shadow Shell.

It was such a change of pace, to face death armed with nothing but his sword, his skill, and his cunning once again. Such a battle was a dire challenge, but not an unwelcome one… rather, it was strangely nostalgic. Sunny was almost enjoying himself — or rather, he would have if not for the fact that there was no space in his mind for any unnecessary emotion or thought.

His mind was on the verge of overloading, as it was. In this state of extreme and endless mental strain, everything became sharper, clearer, and more vivid. The past and the future disappeared, leaving only the present to exist. People often called it a state of flow — however, Sunny did not agree with such a definition. The word flow suggested something calm and tranquil, like smooth water.

But what he felt was harsh and violent, full of a furious desire for destruction.

Like raging flame.

'Let's burn, then…'

The world around him was burning, anyway.

As the war party advanced forward, the soldiers set the scarlet infestation aflame. There was no other way to destroy it — no matter how many Nightmare Creatures the soldiers killed, no matter how many trees and slithering vines they cut down, the jungle itself was a ghastly predator. Every blade of grass and tuft of moss was either deadly itself or was potentially hiding a lethal threat.

Therefore, each legion had at least one centuria composed of Awakened with a high affinity to fire. Their job was to cleanse the white bone surface from the scarlet infestation after the worst of the fighting was done.

The war party clashed with the Nightmare Creatures, cut them down,

then set the jungle aflame and advanced once the scarlet taint was reduced to embers and ash.

The air was suffused with unbearable heat.

Sunny and the Saints, however, were fighting ahead of the battle formation. Therefore, they often found themselves surrounded by smoke and fire, fighting the most dreadful abominations amidst the burning jungle. The world was like a dark, fiery hell… if hell was sprawled on the bones of a dead god and wanted to consume them.

Despite that, the eight Saints under Sunny's command remained undaunted. He had to give credit where credit was due — these men and women were made from sterner stuff. Even though even a Transcendent was not safe in the dreadful hell of Godgrave, and all of them were struggling to contend with the dire perils of the scarlet jungle, none flinched in the face of danger.

Instead, they held fast and tenaciously overcame one nightmarish challenge after another, showcasing stalwart excellence.

Each was a force to be reckoned with… better yet, each was unique, possessing powerful Aspects, mighty Transcendent forms, and fearsome battle arts — especially the minority of them who had become Saints before the Chain of Nightmares, and had therefore spent much more time coming into their power.

Sunny was not arrogant enough to tackle every obstacle personally. He knew that he had to pace himself, but more importantly, he knew to use the best available tool to solve a problem.

Just like in the case of the Great Monster he had slain at the start of the battle, the fact that he could defeat an enemy did not mean that he was the best person to do so. His Aspect was inherently flexible, but depending on the situation, someone else could very well be a more optimal choice to deal with it — like Fiend had been in the clash with the Black Tiger.

Sunny was not a lone warrior today. He was a commander.

Therefore, he used the tools at his disposal — the Saints — with calculated finesse and frugal efficiency. Time, effort, and human lives — those were the resources he could not waste, and had to make sure that as little of them as possible was expended.

…Of course, the most effective tools at his disposal were his Shadows.

**********


                                Chapter 1874 Lord’s Lieutenants
--------------------
Sunny did not shy away from using the power of his subordinate Saints, but there was a limit to how effectively he could handle them. After all, they were spread across the long frontline — even though he could move with startling speed, he still had to reach a Saint and explain what he wanted them to do, which took time.

His Shadows, however, answered his mental command and knew exactly what he wanted from them without the need to use words. In addition to that, each of them was also more fearsome than any of the Saints under Sunny's command.

Therefore, they acted as the three pillars of the entire offensive, moving ahead of the soldiers to defend them from the more powerful foes.

Unlike Sunny, who moved constantly from one threat to another, his Shadows mostly remained in rigid positions relative to the battle formation of the war party, and drew the threats to themselves instead.

Saint defended the left wing of the battle formation. The graceful stone knight fought with methodical and ruthless precision, but left utter devastation in her wake. Her black blade was elegant and chillingly lethal, using the least amount of effort and motion to deliver fatal wounds to the Nightmare Creatures attacking her in a constant flood.

Her shield, on the other hand, was barbarous and savage. When it was not blocking an onslaught of devastating blows, it was crushing and mangling the bodies of abominations like a wrecking ball made of pure darkness. Its black surface was slick with blood, and its rim had a few dents in it — however, her shield did not yield, just like Saint did not yield.

Her movements seemed unhurried, but somehow, the tide of abominations that would have drowned anyone else never seemed to overwhelm her. She moved through it with indifferent grace, and severed bodies fell to the ground everywhere she went.

Blood flowed, severed limbs and mutilated corpses littered the smoldering moss, and frenzied roars shattered pitifully against her cold, indifferent silence.

Serpent defended the right wing of the battle formation. Its presence was not the most striking, but it was the most eerie — Sunny's soul companion rarely stayed in one shape for a long time, switching between them to respond to the situation in the most fitting way.

Sometimes, a giant onyx snake slithered through the burning jungle, swallowing weaker abominations or coiling its great body around the towering monstrosities to suffocate them in its crushing embrace. Sometimes,

a fleeting human silhouette would appear, moving through the darkness to face unknown dangers.

Sometimes, the shape of a hideous Nightmare Creature would reveal itself in the smoke, tearing other abominations apart. There was only one trait that all of these beings shared — their figures were inky-black and surrounded by shadows.

Serpent was not as perfectly suited for mayhem and carnage of battle as Saint and Fiend were, perhaps, but it easily made up for any deficiencies with endless flexibility.

More importantly than that, Serpent served a vital purpose — with each enemy it killed, a little bit of Sunny's essence was restored. Therefore, Serpent's value was not limited to the Nightmare Creatures it defeated. It contributed to each kill Sunny made, as well.

…And lastly, there was Fiend.

At the moment, Fiend was the most powerful of the Shadows. As a Supreme Devil, his power was vast and dreadful, and for that reason, he played the main role in today's battle.

Fiend defended the center of the war party and was the tip of the wedge formed by Saint, Serpent, and the eight Transcendent champions. His position was deeper in the jungle than that of everyone else, and therefore, he drew the most enemies to himself.

And when the enemies found him, he ripped them to shreds in the most gruesome and frightening fashion.

Towering at five meters in height, with a body made of polished black silver and infernal flames, he was like a dreadful demon who had crawled from the depths of hell. The edges of his dagger-like claws were suffused with an incandescent red glow, cutting flesh and bones like butter. The blood of the creatures he killed boiled and evaporated before touching the ground.

Fiend was savage and brutal, reveling in bloodshed as he tore his enemies apart with bare hands — which he had four of — but that did not mean that there was no sophistication to his seemingly frenzied slaughter. It was, in fact, a chillingly calculated and shrewd affair merely masquerading as mindless barbarity.

He not only retained the devious cunning and diabolical intelligence of his original self, but had also been taught by Saint. It was just that Fiend had no need for weapons, so the style she had taught him was predominantly centered around hand-to-hand combat.

When his claws and spikes littering his powerful steel body were not enough, Fiend unleashed his infernal flames, breathing out long jets of crimson fire. Countless abominations died in agony,

incinerated by it, or were scorched so badly that slicing them open presented no problem to the ravenous Shadow.

And even then, he was holding back. Due to the nature of his task, Fiend had to plant himself in the middle of the burning jungle and lure the enemies to him, so he was not using Shadow Step at all — with it, he would have been even more deadly.

There was another trait that made Fiend especially terrifying, though. This one was utterly invisible, but had an undeniable effect on the flow of the battle.

It was his will. As a Supreme creature, Fiend's will had an effect on the world — perhaps not as drastic as that of the Great Nightmare Creatures due to his young age and personality, but still quite real. More than that, Sunny strongly suspected that Fiend's [Lucky] Attribute somehow fused with the influence of his will, which was why even more things went according to how the bastard wanted them to go.

Perhaps that was the reason why so many of the most powerful foes emerging from the jungle ended up targeting the ravenous Shadow instead of going directly for the battle formation.

Of course, Sunny did not know whether that happened because Fiend really wanted to perform his duty well... or because he simply wanted to eat them.

The battle raged on. The jungle burned, and the war party slowly advanced forward, pushing the scarlet infestation further and further back.

The harrowing orgy of violence seemed to have no end, boiling and seething under the cloudy expanse of the radiant sky.

**********


                                Chapter 1875 End of Shift
--------------------
The soldiers of the third party had been anxious before the battle. Of course, they were — Godgrave was like a feverish nightmare, and most of them had already witnessed the chilling horrors of the scarlet jungle. Now, with Princess Morgan gone and the Sword Domain itself in jeopardy, an air of doubt and uncertainty hung over the army.

However, the main reason for their anxiety was the identity of their commander.

The Lord of Shadows had a fearsome reputation and looked frightful, enough to inspire confidence in his martial prowess. He had survived alone in Godgrave for many years, after all — surely, a man like him was perfectly suited to be placed in charge of a war party.

But those were just rumors and second-hand knowledge. In truth, none of the soldiers truly knew him or had seen him fight — except for the Fire Keepers serving Lady Changing Star, no one had. He was a stranger, and therefore, it was hard to trust in his ability to lead them into battle.

When the battle did start, however…

The doubts of the soldiers were alleviated in the most striking way.

A sense of silent astonishment came to replace them.

The third war party had a perfect view of the moment when the Lord of Shadows leaped over the battle formation and dove into the depths of the jungle without showing any kind of fear or hesitation. An infuriated roar resounded from the spot where he had landed, and dozens of trees toppled, hinting that a scene of terrible carnage was happening out there, not too far ahead.

After that, they only caught glimpses of him.

The figure encased in an intricate suit of onyx armor seemed to be… everywhere. It was as if he was in several places at the same time. The soldiers did not know how their commander managed to move across the vast length of the battlefield with such speed, but he always appeared where he was needed the most.

His white hair danced in the air, and his black odachi struck true without fail, bringing down the most dreadful Nightmare Creatures down to the ground. It was as if he was a messenger of death, reaping the lives of their enemies with cold and emotionless ruthlessness.

The soldiers were busy fighting their own foes to pay what was happening ahead much attention, at first. An endless tide of abominations rushed at them from the scarlet jungle — there were not enough words in the human language to describe the appalling hideousness of them all, and no time to discern the horrid details to their appearance.Instead of gawking at the Nightmare Creatures, the warriors of the Sword Army strained their bodies and minds to the absolute limit in order to survive.

Clouds of arrows fell into the moving carpet of abominations. Aspect powers rained from above, tearing hideous bodies apart. Thousands of Awakened warriors clashed with the enemy in melee, desperately trying to block the avalanche of claws and fangs with their shields while slaying the creatures with their enchanted blades.

Masters served as the cornerstones of the battle line, rallying the Awakened around them. The officers bellowed orders, adjusting the formation and rotating fresh centuriae to the front. A terrible cacophony of screams, screeching wails, and roars enveloped the battlefield...

The war machine was churning, grinding humans and Nightmare Creatures alike to dust.

Once a wave of enemies was eradicated, the jungle was set aflame. Ash danced in the air, and unbearable heat washed over the sweating soldiers like a suffocating cloud. Pushing away the corpses of the dead abominations, they marched forward in pursuit of the flame.

All the while, the grey sky above shone with diffused, but blinding radiance. The soldiers knew that Saint Tyris of the White Feather clan was present to protect them from the incandescent white abyss… and yet, it was still a terrifying feeling, to know that only a brittle veil of clouds stood between them and certain death.

The soldiers were only able to maintain composure because what they were witnessing overwhelmed their sense of fear. Fear was a finite emotion, after all once a certain threshold of terror was reached, it lost all meaning.

Nevertheless…

After a while, the fighters of the war party noticed that something strange was going on.

Their dire and horrific assault on the scarlet jungle... was going too smoothly.

They had already experienced fighting against the jungle while traversing the Collarbone Plain, so they knew what to expect. The battle was terribly strenuous and ghastly, yes. People were dying, either killed by the frenzied Nightmare Creatures or by the scarlet infestation itself. And yet, too few of them were losing their lives.

The reason was simple — it was because nothing they couldn't deal with reached the battle formation.

There were extremely powerful Nightmare Creatures hiding in the jungle, even if its current incarnation was only a day or two old. There were indescribable hazards, as well.

However,the only abominations that attacked the war party were those that could be dealt with by Awakened and Ascended.

It wasn't long until the soldiers realized why...

It was because of the Lord of Shadows.

Their unfamiliar, cold, and sinister commander was much more competent than what they had ever expected him to be.

Slowly, the war party came to realize why Lady Nephis had put the Hermit Saint of Godgrave in charge.

He was like a force of nature... a walking calamity for those who found themselves on the wrong side of his merciless blade.

As the battle raged on, the soldiers witnessed more of what he did, as well.

Their eyes widened, and their spirits slowly surged.

The Lord of Shadows was swift, decisive, and incredibly lethal. In fact, he was deadlier than any Saint was supposed to be. His sword knew no mercy, and did not care about whom it cut down — be it Tyrants, Terrors, or even the mythical Great Nightmare Creatures, just one of whom could potentially devastate an entire continent in the waking world.

He did not seem to be using any special powers, either — except for his uncanny ability to dissolve into the shadows and move across the battlefield in an instant. All he had was his personal strength, his skill with the sword, and his devious will.

That alone was enough to bring even the most powerful abominations to their knees.

If there was one thing that made the Lord of Shadows appear as a demigod, it was that he seemed nearly omniscient. No enemy could get past him, and no peril could escape his attention. It was that miraculous ability to perceive everything, everywhere, all at once that allowed him to defend the battle formation flawlessly.

Not only was the Lord of Shadows fearsome, but he was also inescapable. More than that, he possessed keen intelligence and profound foresight that allowed him to rule the battlefield like a ruthless tyrant, coldly and methodically eradicating the threats facing the war party.

And then, there were the three dreadful Echoes following his will.

The graceful knight. The steel devil. The serpentine shadow.

Each of them was powerful enough to contend with a Saint... and the most valiant of Saints, at that.

With them serving as the pillars of the offensive and their master conducting the battle with his dark blade, the third war party was in high spirits. The soldiers steeled their hearts and hardened their resolve,slaughtering the Nightmare Creatures and cleansing the surface of the ancient bone from the scarlet infestation.

Their exhaustion mounted...

But their commander was still out there, in front of them, fighting in the burning jungle without showing any sign of fatigue or hesitation.

His fearsome mask remained emotionless. His black blade never lost its edge. His onyx armor was unbroken, and not a drop of his blood fell into the scarlet moss.

By the end of the eight hours the war party had been supposed to battle the jungle, a choir of exhilarated cries rose above the rows of soldiers.

**********


                                Chapter 1876 Third Pillar
--------------------
The eight Saints that had followed the enigmatic Lord of Shadows into battle were both rattled and elated. The battle was a gruesome ordeal, but they had expected that much.

What they did not expect was to learn just how powerful their sinister commander had turned out to be.

The Lord of Shadows was a singular existence because, unlike the rest of them, he was not a vassal of the King of Swords. He was a mercenary Saint that Lady Nephis had somehow convinced to pledge his blade to the Sword Domain's cause — therefore, she knew him best. So, nobody had doubted her promise that they would not be able to defeat him in a fight.

Nevertheless, it was a startling shock to witness the Transcendent sellsword in action.

Not only was he immensely powerful and chillingly lethal, he was actually an existence of the same caliber as the other two field commanders of the expedition force — Changing Star herself and Summer Knight, the most renowned paladin of the Great Clan Valor.

The Saints had thought that the expedition force had two pillars, but now, they knew that there were three.

By the time the shrill wail of the war horn signaled them to retreat, the way they looked at the Lord of Shadows had changed completely.

…Sunny was a little bit amused by their change of attitude.

'I used to live in this damned place alone, of my own free will. What else did they expect? That I'm a weakling?'

Hearing the war horn, he let out a tired sigh and prepared to pull back.

He could sense Nephis enter the range of his perception, followed by the Fire Keepers. Once she and the other Saints of the first war party advanced, Sunny commanded his Shadows to retreat and followed suit.

Soon, he found himself behind the battle line, surrounded by his eight Transcendent subordinates.

Now that their shift was over, Sunny suddenly felt the weight of fatigue crash into him like a mountain. He was tired, dehydrated, and covered in sweat… it was to the point that he did not know what he wanted to do more, summon the Endless Spring to quench his thirst, or summon it to wash himself.

'In hindsight, Antarctica wasn't that bad. At least it wasn't so damn hot there...'

Dismissing his Shadows to let them mend the scrapes they had received in the nurturing darkness of his soul, Sunny gazed at the exhausted Saints and raised an eyebrow behind the mask.

"What are you waiting for? Retreat to camp. We only have sixteen hours to recover before the second round starts."

Rivalen of Aegis Rose sighed."...You really know how to raise morale, don't you, Lord Shadow?"

His usually gallant voice sounded a little bitter.

Sunny stared at him coldly.

"Why yes, I do. I doubt you'll like my methods, though."

Shield Wall almost seemed to shiver, then looked away with a cough.

Not paying him any more attention, Sunny headed in the direction of the distant camp. His armored boots scraped against white bone.

The stretch of the First Rib they were crossing had been enveloped by the scarlet jungle before his war party cleansed it. There was ash in the air, and piles of burned abomination corpses were smoldering here and there.

Once the battlefront moved further away, someone would arrive to harvest soul shards from them — but for now, the carcasses simply carpeted the ground, helping one realize just how terrible the battle had been.

Sunny sighed.

'It is only the first day.'

Soon, they reached the line of tired soldiers. The warriors were covered in soot and dead-tired, but their sunken eyes were shining brightly.

For some reason.

The war party was in the process of assembling into a march formation, but when Sunny and the Saints approached, everyone paused for a few moments.

He felt thousands of gazes wash over him like a tide, and then, a deafening cheer rose above the sea of soldiers.

Surrounded by a crowd of cheering soldiers, Sunny felt a cold chill run down his spine, and a sudden sense of dread grasp his heart with icy claws.

He almost stumbled.

It was because he recognized their chant.

"...Glory! Glory! Glory!"

Sunny's face was hidden behind a mask, so no one could see his expression. The shadows populating the battlefield moved as he halted and gazed at the soldiers silently.

He remained motionless for a few long moments, and then continued walking.

"Move out!"

His voice was colder than the frozen depths of hell.

The cheer exploded in volume briefly and then died out. The tired warriors followed their general across the corpse-littered battlefield back to camp.

'Ah, how bothersome…'

Sunny did not have much to do once the war party returned to the base of the dead god's collarbone — mercifully, he did not have to handle the minutiae of managing an army out of battle. He simply wanted to dismiss his mask and armor to clean himself and drink some water, but considering the nature of the Lord of Shadows, that was harder to accomplish than it should have been.

In the end, he wasted some essence to step away from the camp through the shadows,refresh himself, and then come back.

His soldiers had eaten and were now asleep — some in the tents, some simply on the ground. Most had dismissed the outer layers of their armors because of the heat, so there was a lot of skin in sight. It was a stark contrast to what he was used to from Antarctica, where everyone had always tried to put on as many layers of clothing on themselves as possible.

Sunny studied the scene of the camp silently, then shook his head.

'...I hate jungles.'

Since the Lord of Shadows did not have to sleep, he walked to the lifts and climbed some way up the slope of the collarbone to observe the distant battle.

To his surprise, there was another figure sitting on the edge of the wooden platform, doing the same.

It was a strikingly handsome man with a valiant profile and a thoughtful gaze. His lake-blue eyes were calm, and his glistening hair was moving slightly in the wind.

Sunny almost failed to recognize Summer Knight out of his lustrous armor, but that angelic beauty was hard to forget.

"Sir Gilead."

He sat down nearby, looking in the direction where Nephis was currently reducing the scarlet jungle to ash.

Summer Knight glanced at him, then turned back.

"Lord Shadow."

The valiant Saint remained silent for a moment before saying in a neutral tone:

"I observed your battle. Your reputation is well-earned."

Sunny smiled crookedly behind the mask.

"You're not so bad yourself."

He paused for a moment, and then added evenly:

"Not as good as me, though."

Sir Gilead chuckled.

He raised a beaten alloy canteen, drank some water, and then looked at Sunny with a subtle smile.

"We'll know who's better once we cross swords. However… I hope we'll never find out."

It could have been a sincere wish, a mild joke, or a veiled threat. Summer Knight took his oaths very seriously, and since he had sworn allegiance to the King of Swords, his loyalty was beyond reproach. He might have had some reservations about the selfish mercenary Saint.

These were the kinds of people Sunny would have to fight one day, if things went wrong.

Glancing at the camp where his subordinate Saints were resting, he wondered how many of them he might have to kill in the future.

In the end, Sunny let out a sigh.

"I hope so, too."

**********


                                Chapter 1877: Secrets of Past
--------------------
Sunny glanced at the valiant man, Sir Gilead, from behind his mask.

Honestly, Summer Knight was not that bad. Back in the Nightmare Desert, he took Morgan away and left the rest of them behind — but before that, he had given away his most precious Memories to Nephis, hoping to help her conquer the Third Nightmare.

He had been reluctant to abandon her and her companions, but his duty had demanded for Morgan to be saved at all costs.

Sunny didn't know what to think of the man.

On one hand, Summer Knight was quite likable — even admirable, in many ways. He was a benevolent warrior who valued loyalty above all else.

On the other hand, that devotion of his made Sunny feel uneasy. He had a personal issue with the concept, and more than that… loyalty was usually seen as a noble virtue, but considering that the subject of Gilead's loyalty was the King of Swords, was it really?

What did it say about Summer Knight that he had chosen to serve a lord like that faithfully?

Sunny often found himself wanting to think about Sir Gilead in the same manner he thought about Harus, the zealous servant of the ruler of the Bright Castle. However, he never quite managed to draw a parallel between the two — no matter how many times he tried, they just felt too different from each other.

So, he was conflicted.

As Sunny was considering the matter, Sir Gilead looked at him once more.

"Can you ask you a question, Lord Shadow?"

Sunny shrugged indifferently.

"You certainly can."

Summer Knight turned his gaze back to the battlefield.

"I heard that you had refused the invitation of Clan Song. However, you did not refuse Lady Nephis, and came to fight under the banner of the Sword Domain with her. I must admit that I am curious as to why."

Sunny traced his gaze and saw a white flash illuminate the world far in the distance. Nephis was unleashing her flames somewhere out there, on the battlefield.

He grinned behind the mask.

His voice was emotionless when he spoke:

"I thought that if it's Changing Star, she would win."

Sir Gilead smiled and drank more water.

"She does have a habit of making impossible things possible. Just like her father."

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"Broken Sword? You knew him?"

Summer Knight chuckled.

"No… I wish I did, though. He died shortly after I became a Sleeper — but, before that, he was somewhat of an idol of mine."

A sad smile appeared on his face.

"I only grew to admire him more after hearing stories told by those who had met him.Many of the older retainers of Clan Valor had a good relationship with Broken Sword and Smile of Heaven — after all, they were comrades of the patriarch's son. Smile of Heaven in particular, since she and Lord Anvil practically grew up together."

He sighed.

"It's a shame, what happened to them in the end… but they would be happy, I think, to see how beautifully their daughter has grown up."

Sunny looked at him with doubt.

Did Gilead not know how Broken Sword died, and that Anvil was one of his killers? Well… to be fair, even Sunny himself did not know that. He was only sure that the Sovereigns had engineered Broken Sword's death because they tried to eliminate Nephis later — without that first clue, finding the rest was close to impossible.

It wasn't strange that Summer Knight would not know anything about it. After all, he would have indeed been a teenager when the betrayal happened, just like Saint Tyris.

There was something else about what he had said, though…

Sunny felt a little curious.

"Practically grew up together?"

Sir Gilear seemed confused by the question for a moment, then nodded.

"Yes. There weren't really great clans back then, but a few families were certainly more renowned and powerful than the rest. Lord Valor and Immortal Flame were patriarchs of two such families, so their children were quite close — since His Majesty and Smile of Heaven were more or less the same age, they were childhood friends."

He smiled.

"Sir Jest has many stories about the mischief the two of them got up to. Of course… listening to his stories is not for the faint of heart. Be warned, Lord Shadow!"

Sunny remained silent for a while.

"I see. Thanks for the warning."

It made sense that Anvil and Smile of Heaven had known each other since childhood. Their families were two of the most prominent families of that time, after all. Their parents had been the most distinguished champions of the First Generation, and would have fought side by side many times. The future great clans had been a small and tight-knit circle.

Still, Sunny had not considered that fact before. In truth, he rarely thought about the Sovereigns as real people, if at all. It was strange to imagine that they had been children once, no matter how reasonable such a conclusion was.

In light of the strange revelation, what Nephis had suffered as a child seemed even more vile. Not only had the Sovereigns killed their comrade and tried to hunt down his descendant, but in the case of Anvil,he had even conspired to kill his childhood friend's husband and eliminate her daughter.

Of course, Smile of Heaven had been… gone, by then. Still, it seemed like an extreme shift in attitude.

Just what the hell had happened to them?

It also made sense that Saint Jest would have known the future King of Swords since childhood — he had been a member of the cohort led by the founder of Clan Valor, after all.

Therefore, he would have known Broken Sword and Smile of Heaven, as well.

Maybe he even knew something about how Broken Sword had died, and how Anvil attained Supremacy.

Sunny's expression turned a little grim behind the mask.

He and Cassie were determined to investigate the Sovereigns to learn their Flaws. Getting to the bottom of the Immortal Flame clan's fall was not directly tied to that investigation, but then again, it very well could be.

There were very few people who knew enough to be a useful source of information for them, and even fewer of those people were within their reach. Saint Jest was one such person.

However, Sunny doubted that the amicable older gentleman would be inclined to share what he knew with them.

'How troublesome.'

He suppressed a sigh and looked at Summer Knight.

'Should I try to pull more information out of him?'

No… it was probably not a good idea, at least not now. Even if he did not really show it, Sir Gilead was already doubting the Lord of Shadows — which was reasonable. A man who put so much value in loyalty had to have reservations about a person who seemingly only cared about self-interest.

So, Sunny could not appear too eager to learn the secrets of the King of Swords. Gilead's convictions might have been naive, but the man himself was no fool. He was carefully scrutinizing his every word, no doubt, evaluating how dependable the Lord of Shadows really was.

For now, Sunny's motives for joining the Sword Army were indeed seen as unclear, and therefore questionable. Not only that, but he had not even pledged his allegiance to Clan Valor itself — instead, he made a pact with Changing Star as an individual.

Should Sunny make his motives seem a little more transparent, and a bit less suspicious?

'Why not?'

He smiled.

"You said that Lady Nephis has grown up beautifully, yes?"

Summer Knight raised an eyebrow, seemingly confused by the sudden question.

"I did."

Sunny stared at him for a few moments.

"Do you think about Changing Star's beauty often?"

His already cold tone grew even chillier at the end.Gilead blinked a couple of times.

"...Do you?"

Sunny responded evenly:

"Quite a bit."

Summer Knight stared at him in bewilderment for a few moments, then looked away and coughed.

"That… huh… I see. I am sorry to disappoint you, Lord Shadow, but Lady Nephis already has a young gentleman in her heart…"

Sunny grinned behind the mask.

"So what? I hear that he's a pampered fool of a Master. Pleasant to look at, but nothing much beyond that. A useless person."

Sir Gilead coughed again.

"I'm not… I don't think... ah, look at the time. My war party will have to enter battle soon. Actually, I was supposed to perform a few inspections … if you'll excuse me, Lord Shadow."

With that, the valiant Saint rose, gave Sunny a polite bow, and jumped down from the platform. His movements weren't hurried at all.

Sunny watched him leave with a satisfied smile.

'Well, then… that went well.'

After that, the motives of the Lord of Shadows should seem quite clear.

Albeit perhaps just as questionable as before…

**********


                                Chapter 1878 Interim Results
--------------------
After Summer Knight left, Sunny remained on the platform, observing the battle that raged in the distance. The battle was entering an especially fearsome stage due to the fact that the expedition force was nearing one of the cracks in the surface of the First Rib — it was from there that the scarlet infestation was spreading, and therefore, the perils facing the soldiers were more dire in the vicinity of the dark chasm.

Being that close to the Hollows also meant that there would be more old abominations that had crawled to the surface from the dim twilight below — which put much more pressure on the Saints leading the war party, and its commander in particular.

Even from afar, Sunny could tell that Nephis had finally been forced to assume her Transcendent form. He sighed, knowing that it would take a toll on her.

'If I made more progress, she would not have had to.'

At the same time, if he had made less progress, then the burdensome task of besieging the fissure might have become Summer Knight's responsibility. In any case, there was no point in considering such issues and regretting the past.

Sunny hesitated for a while, then briefly summoned his runes.

Shadow Fragments: [1876/6000].

Another sigh escaped from his lips.

It was pitiful. He had barely gained two hundred fragments in the last four or five months… a far cry from the rapid progress he had enjoyed before Transcendence.

'At this rate, it will take me a decade to become a titan.'

The expedition force only advanced after Saint Tyris broke the Cloudveil to incinerate the thriving jungle, then closed it once again. That allowed the soldiers to only face the initial stages of the scarlet infestation and battle Nightmare Creatures that had not reached maturity yet, which made advancing forward easier.

It also meant that no matter how dangerous those immature abominations were, slaying them did not grant Sunny many shadow fragments. The situation would change once the war entered the next stage, spreading across the entire surface of Godgrave and delving into the Hollows — but for now, he couldn't help but feel a bitter sense of disappointment.

He wasn't saturating his cores that much… he wasn't receiving any Memories or Echoes, either. It was all so unrewarding.

Which was not to say that Sunny was not receiving any benefits from participating in the war.

His Transcendent battle art was progressing steadily.

He had already established its main principles a long time ago. No,he only needed to slowly temper himself in countless battles to perfect it and forge it into his very bones, which he had been doing since the Sword Army ascended to the collarbone of the dead deity.

That was the opportunity that the war had granted him.

Overall, the process was going well.

His essence technique was already all but flawless. His battle style had been rebuilt from the ground up to incorporate his unique advantages into its root principles — the ability to sense shadows and see what was happening behind his back, the tenacious nature of his blood and bones, the power to change the weight of his body and limbs at will, Shadow Step, various forms of Shadow Manifestation…

All of these powers, when incorporated into a combat technique comprehensively, changed it on a fundamental level. Sunny simply needed practice and experimentation to iron out the last kinks and truly master the art he had designed — the relentless battlefield of Godgrave was a perfect arena to achieve just that.

There was only one element of his Transcendent battle art that he could not practice freely yet. It was the seamless cooperation between multiple avatars that he had envisioned after becoming a Saint — after all, Sunny was hiding that ability of his from everyone except his closest allies.

Well… there was another element, as well. The last element, which had to do with spirit and will. He simply did not know how to approach it and elevate his Transcendent battle art to a Supreme one, so there was no progress on that front.

'I'm still growing stronger.'

Sunny was dissatisfied because of the lack of palpable rewards, but that did not mean that his growth entered a period of stagnation. If anything, his power was growing deeper, as he was shoring up his foundation in preparation for the final, vital leap.

Still, he did not feel like it was enough.

Glancing at the radiant grey sky, Sunny grimaced.

'I need to accelerate the weaving side of the plan.'

He was still working toward creating the soulbound sword for Nephis.

Once that was done, though… he would be able to create a few Memories for himself.

Sunny did not need a weapon or a suit of armor. If there was one thing he desperately lacked, thought, it was suitable charms. Both Sunny himself and Saint possessed the power to enhance the enchantments of a chosen charm, but sadly, these powers were remaining unused at the moment.

And while Sunny himself did not need an enchanted weapon,the same could not be said about Saint.

Forging a sword and a shield for his first Shadow was also something he planned on achieving before the war reached culmination.

He also had to create another [Handy Bracelet] for Rain. The Memory alone would be useless for her, since Sunny had no idea about what traits his sister possessed, but if he could get Cassie to read her runes, the missing information could be filled in…

There was a lot for Master Sunless to do while the Lord of Shadows was waging war against the scarlet jungle. Even Rain's teacher was busy with trying to keep her alive now that the seventh legion was braving the surface of the Collarbone Plain — without the help of someone like Saint Tyris, at that.

Shaking his head, Sunny rose to his feet and threw a last glance into the distance.

Even if he did perfect his battle art and succeeded in creating soulbound Memories… the main obstacle facing him and Nephis still seemed as impossible to overcome as it had been before.

They had not found any clues about how to attain Supremacy yet.

'Calm down. The war has only started.'

Consoling himself with that thought, Sunny took a step back and dissolved into the shadows.

**********


                                Chapter 1879 Bone Crack
--------------------
The second war party left the camp, but the first one did not return.

That was because Nephis had conquered the fissure, and for a while, the expedition force was busier than usual.

While Summer Knight and his soldiers clashed with the sprawling jungle, the entire encampment was dismantled and moved forward, chasing the vanguard to the edges of the abyssal chasm.

The great fissure used to look like a jagged wound on the surface of the sun-bleached bone, its terrifying depths full of impenetrable darkness. That darkness was gone now, replaced by a boiling mass of black smoke and brilliant flame. A billowing pillar of smoke was rising into the overcast sky, falling into the stormy clouds.

The great bridge of vines connecting the Hollows to the surface was on fire, but it was stubbornly clinging to life. New sprouts of scarlet growth were shooting out of the smoke, trying to crawl their way onto the surface of the white bone. There was a chain of sweaty soldiers positioned along the edges of the fissure, burning the monstrous saplings down before they took hold.

Looking at the vermilion tendrils slithering out of the crack, Sunny couldn't help but think that they looked like fibers of bloody muscle tissue.

…Perhaps that was what the scarlet jungle truly was — the flesh and tendons of the colossal skeleton that were desperately trying to regrow and envelop its bones once again, but were burned away by the merciless sky before the dead god could rise from its deathbed each time.

Over and over again, for eons…

'What a disturbing thought.'

Sunny arrived near the fissure at the head of the marching column. The camp of the expedition force was relocating here — both to make building an extermination outpost around the chasm easier and to lessen the return time for the troops battling the jungle. The first war party, which had recently finished its shift, did not have to return at all this time.

He left the soldiers behind and walked to the very edge of the fissure, where a lonely figure could be seen, looking at the billowing flames. Nephis had dismissed her Transcendent form and the outer layers of her armor, enduring the suffocating heat in light clothes. Her fair skin was smeared in ash and soot, with beads of sweat glistening on it like tiny jewels.

He glanced into the infernal depths of the burning chasm and then turned to face her.

Sunny remained silent for a moment.

"Did you… melt down your armor again?"

Nephis looked at him with no emotion in her cold, grey eyes.

Eventually, however, a subtle smile twisted her lips.

"Wouldn't you like to know?"

She chuckled, then shook her head.

"No, I was careful. I can't keep requesting new suits of armor from the enchanters of Clan Valor. They are already quite cross with me, to be honest…"

In this camp, wearing this mask, Sunny could not make Nephis delicious food and comfort her, chasing away the emotionless coldness dwelling in her eyes with the warmth of human touch and connection. However, he could at least show her that there was someone she could lean on here.

Master Sunless could do the former, but only the Lord of Shadows could do the latter.

So, wearing the mask was not all bad in the end.

He sighed, then said with a hint of envy in his voice:

"Well, you are fighting Great Nightmare Creatures every day. I am sure you will receive a durable Memory armor sooner or later."

Nephis looked doubtful.

"Maybe. But haven't you noticed? Now that we are fighting more powerful abominations, the rate at which the Spell bestows us Memories seems to have reduced considerably. I am not even talking about Echoes… I'm not sure I've even seen a Supreme Echo before, except for that silver devil of yours."

Sunny was surprised.

"Really? I... haven't noticed."

He had killed some Great abominations before being erased from the tapestry of fate — the Vile Thieving Bird's Spawn, Daeron of the Twilight Sea... he had received a Memory both times, but then again, Sunny used to be Fated. Chance and probability had always been in a mess around him, before.

Nephis nodded.

"I slowly realized it over the past four years, and these days in Godgrave only confirm that suspicion. Well, it makes sense. It must take more… more of whatever it is that the Spell uses to create Memories and Echoes to fashion them out of truly powerful abominations. One Supreme Memory must be worth ten thousand Awakened ones, so it is being frugal."

There were a million Awakened in the world, but only three Sovereigns. So, her conclusion made sense.

Sunny still felt bitter about not being able to receive bountiful rewards from the Spell, but his bitterness had been alleviated a bit.

'Come to think of it, it's good news for us. Otherwise, with more than a decade to prepare, the Sovereigns would have been drowning in Supreme Memories and Echoes… maybe even Sacred ones.'

They could still possess those, but at least not a vast arsenal of them.It also made Sunny much more valuable, since his knowledge of weaving was deep enough to craft Supreme Memories, provided he had suitable materials and a few Supreme soul shards.

Looking into the billowing flames, Nephis asked suddenly:

"Do you remember what you felt when you received your first Memory?"

Sunny raised an eyebrow, surprised by the question.

"My first Memory? Well… if I remember correctly, I was full of indignation. Because it was so useless."

He paused for a moment, then added with a smile:

"But after a while, I came to appreciate it. In fact, I value it more with each year that passes. It might not be powerful or useful, but it is a… a memento of the things that I left in the past. Being able to remember is a precious thing, sometimes."

Sunny glanced at Nephis asked:

"What about you? What did you feel when you received your first Memory?"

She blinked a couple of times.

"Me? Honestly, I was in no state to feel anything when I received it, since it happened at the very end of my Nightmare. But later, when I had time to examine it… I guess I felt humiliated. Because of how glad I was to receive a boon from the Spell."

Nephis sighed.

"That Memory served me well, though. I wielded it for many years. Across the Forgotten Shore, the Nightmare Desert, and the Underworld... it never betrayed me. These days, it is too weak for me to use, but I still cherish it a lot."

Sunny remembered the Memory Nephis was talking about — the Dream Blade — very well. After all, that sword had saved his life many times.

It had also tasted his blood, mangled his flesh, and caused him terrible pain in the Crimson Spire.

Considering Neph's historic accomplishments, that Awakened Memory of the Sixth Tier had had a spectacular career before retirement.

He chuckled.

"I guess we are both quite sentimental."

Nephis looked at him with a surprised expression. Her sincere confusion was quite endearing.

"Me? Sentimental?"

Sunny smiled.

"I did not specify which sentiments make us sentimental, though… bloodlust is also a sentiment, for example…"

Neph's expression changed slightly.

"Wow. The thirst thing that came to your mind has to do with lust?"

He froze, trying to think of an answer.

'...That damned Flaw!'

Far away, in the main camp of the Sword Army, Master Sunless stopped what he was doing as well and stared into the distance with a contemplative look.

His eyes narrowed, as if he was considering something.

After a while, he mumbled quietly:

"Dream Blade, huh?That is… promising, I think…"

**********


                                Chapter 1880 Hell March
--------------------
The expedition force continued to push into the depths of Godgrave.

The First Rib had a bending shape, so for the first week, they were facing a literal uphill battle. Sometimes, the treacherous slope under their feet was so steep that the fallen soldiers rolled down the bloody ground, crashing into the second row of the battle formation. The unforgiving pace of the offensive was only made more cruel by the difficult terrain and the battering heat.

With each passing day, the scarlet infestation was growing. The jungle was turning more nightmarish, and the abominations populating it were becoming more powerful. However, the soldiers were also growing stronger — those of them who had yet to saturate their cores were absorbing the scavenged soul shards, and many were receiving powerful Memories during the long days of slaughter.

All were gaining valuable experience and growing more used to the dreadful peril of Godgrave.

The main reason why the progress of the expedition force was so swift, though, and why the casualties among the soldiers were not nearly as terrible as they could have been, were the three leaders of the expedition — Changing Star, Summer Knight, and the Lord of Shadows.

Changing Star was like a ruinous herald of annihilation. The battlefield transformed into a radiant, fiery hell when she entered it. Her cleansing flame, her incandescent sword, and her brilliant resolve were both a solace and an inspiration to the warriors of the Sword Army.

Those who saw her fight found strength that they had not known they possessed and raised their swords to follow her without hesitation. More than that, the Memories of those who fought by her side would be imbued with a newfound power, and all but the most fatal wounds her followers received were quickly healed by her soothing flame.

The first war party was the fiercest, and pushed the jungle back the furthest.

Summer Knight was no less radiant. Woven from light, he was like a beacon that dispelled the darkness of the abominable jungle. Seemingly knowing no fear or hesitation, he barred the path of the most harrowing Nightmare Creatures and cut them down both nobly and valiantly, showing the soldiers what a true knight was meant to be with his own example.

His personal power might not have been as devastating as that of Lady Nephis, but his valor and martial prowess were beyond reproach. He was the most seasoned commander among the three,and led his fellow Saints with the greatest measure of understanding of how to use their powers . Even though there were more Transcendents in his war party than in the other two, their coordination was just as seamless, if not more so.

The second war party was the most steady and stable, moving forward at a measured pace.

And lastly, there was the Lord of Shadows.

The mysterious Saint of Godgrave was like a dark revelation for the soldiers of the Sword Army. No one had expected him to be this deadly, this ruthless, and this insidious as he rampaged on the battlefield, shifting from shadow to shadow and slaughtering the Nightmare Creatures of the scarlet jungle. His silent ferocity was both chilling and astounding, making his soldiers feel a sense of wary awe.

He did not seem to possess a great affinity for combat, as far as his Aspect went, but seemed like a personification of death despite that — simply due to his lethal skill, devious intelligence, and merciless killing intent. With his three powerful Echoes and unfathomable awareness of every peril facing the battle formation, the sinister Saint was in no way inferior to the most renowned champions of the Sword Domain.

The third war party was not the fastest, but it suffered the fewest casualties during the gruesome march.

The expedition force slowly conquered the Eastern First Rib, moving from one fissure to another and cutting off the sources of the scarlet infestation one by one.

By the time the great elevation of the Breastbone Reach drew near, a small team of the strongest Saints split off from the main force to escort Sky Tide of the White Feather clan to its slopes.

The Cloudveil parted, revealing the boundless white abyss beyond. Torrents of blinding light poured down, and the soldiers of the expedition force witnessed the unforgettable spectacle of the vast expanse of the Reach being devoured by flames in terrified silence.

They were far enough away from the breach in the clouds to be safe from the white abyss, but not far enough to be spared the fear of watching half of the world burn.

After that, the progress of the expedition force slowed down considerably, and grew much more perilous.

That was because Saint Tyris had finally exhausted her essence after protecting the soldiers for more than a week. Without the aegis of her power, nothing could save them from the merciless heavens anymore.

They suffered the first breach three days later,while scaling the slopes of the dead god's breastbone. It was a short one, only lasting a few hours, but many soldiers still lost their lives and became ash, their bodies scattered by the wind.

If there was one small consolation, it was that the abominable jungle and the vile creatures populating it burned with them.

The Cloudveil broke one more time before Saint Tyris regained her powers, to the same result.

The expedition force pushed south, slowly carving a path across the vast expanse of the enormous breastbone.

The soldiers were tired. The sixteen hours of rest they received between having to go to battle were nowhere near enough for them to regain their vitality. The battles themselves were long and harrowing, reaping too many lives each time. The tide of Nightmare Creatures seemed endless, and the suffocating heat was hard to endure.

Worst of all, the geography of the Breastbone Reach prevented them from permanently cleansing its surface from the scarlet infestation — at least now that they were pursuing a different objective. Even if an extermination outpost was established around a fissure, the jungle would sooner or later spread to it from another direction.

Therefore, the expedition force moved south without leaving itself a path of retreat. A few days after they moved on, the infestation reclaimed the cleansed portions of the bone plain, enclosing the human army from all sides.

It would only be banished from these lands permanently if the Citadel in the Hollows was conquered, and the authority of the King of Swords spread to the Breastbone Reach.

Advancing forward was getting harder with each day…

And yet, after three weeks of the nightmarish marathon, the battered army finally reached its target.

In front of them, an enormous crack split the white surface of the ancient bone, and in the darkness below, unknown horrors awaited.

From here, the best warriors of the expedition force would attempt to brave the Hollows to reach and conquer the Citadel that lay in the dark depths.

**********

