Shadow Slave - PART 186
Chapters 1851 to 1860
==============================


                                Chapter 1851 Talking to Myself
--------------------
There was a bit of an eerie pause as Sunny stared at himself from behind the mask.

The Lord of Shadows stared. Master Sunless — or rather, Sir Sunless — paled under his menacing gaze.

…Nephis looked at the two of them with a strange expression.

Eventually, it was Cassie who broke the silence.

"Greetings, Lord Shadow. I don't think we had an opportunity to meet in the last few days… please allow me to express gratitude on behalf of Lady Nephis and the Fire Keepers. Your help in the recent battle, while unexpected, was deeply appreciated."

Sunny turned his cold gaze to her.

He remained silent for a few moments, then said evenly:

"There is no reason to thank me... I was just attracted by the smell of slaughter. Who can resist the beautiful fragrance of bloodshed?"

The Fire Keepers seemed more than a little troubled by his strange words. Sunny spared them a glance, then lowered his head slightly.

"Greetings to you as well, Lady Nephis, Lady Cassia."

Then, he looked at himself coldly.

Was now a good time to establish a distinction between the Lord of Shadows and Master Sunless?

It wouldn't hurt...

He asked evenly:

"And who might this be?"

Nephis blinked a couple of times.

She seemed a little puzzled by the situation. Not only did her suitor possess several incarnations, but two of them were even having a conversation right in front of her. More than that... the conversation did not seem especially friendly!

Sunny himself was a bit confused about the nature of his peculiar existence, so Nephis must have been positively perplexed.

Her attempts to hide her puzzlement was behind the usual impassive expression... were quite cute.

He smiled behind the mask.

"Oh… this is Master Sunless, an enchanter employed by the Fire Keepers. Sir Sunless, this is Saint Shadow. A Transcendent warrior of great renown, one of the champions of the Sword Army."

Sunny stared at himself some more, then shrugged dismissively.

"An enchanter? Never heard of him. He must not be very good."

Hearing the Lord of Shadow say that, Master Sunless smiled.

His smile was a little forced, though…

He said politely:

"Really? Ah, but I have heard of you."

Nephis was alternating between looking at them with a hint of bafflement in her eyes.

The Lord of Shadow glared silently.

"What did you hear, and from whom?"

Sunny's smile widened a little.

"I think I heard it from Saint Athena? She mentioned that you must be terribly hideous behind that mask."

The Fire Keepers held their breaths. Nephis seemed to have suddenly remembered that conversation and closed her eyes with a subtle wince.

Cassie did not show a reaction, but it looked like she was trying to suppress a laugh.

The Lord of Shadows lingered for a moment, then scoffed.

"That woman certainly does not sound like a handful. She has never seen my face, and yet she sings me praises."

With that, he turned away and walked into the gates of the stronghold without looking back.

Sunny, Nephis, Cassie, and the Fire Keepers were left behind in tense silence. The coldness left behind by the Lord of Shadows was slow to dissipate.

After a few moments, one of the Fire Keepers patted Sunny on the shoulder and gave him a thumbs up.

"I admire you, Sir Sunless. You truly are a brave man! I would have never dared to talk back to that devil."

Another nodded.

"True. That guy is beyond creepy. And he stared at our lady like a wolf every time they meet… good job, Sin Sunless!"

A third one sighed.

"Still, try not to antagonize him. He is immensely powerful, even among Saints. It's better not to make an enemy out of someone like him…"

Sunny coughed.

'How come I am both pleased with and offended by their nonsense?'

"Ah, yes… I'll try not to, next time…"

Nephis, meanwhile, was looking at them in confusion.

"...Huh? What do you mean, stares like a wolf?"

The Fire Keepers glanced at each other.

"Sorry to tell you this, my lady, but I think you're the only one who has not noticed. The way he looks at you, it's… you know, as if he wants to gobble you up…"

She hesitated for a few moments, seemingly unsure how to respond. Eventually, she asked:

"You think he's a cannibal?"

Sunny struggled between the impulse to cover his face with a hand and the desire to give her a hug. He wasn't one to point fingers, in that regard, but really… how could she be so adorably clueless?

'I mean, she can literally sense people's desire!'

One of the Fire Keepers coughed.

"No, that's not… anyway, why are we gossiping about the Lord of Shadows? We have Master Sunless right here. Unlike some people, he's a perfect gentleman, and always maintains proper decorum when gazing at our lady."

Another nodded.

"Yeah! If anything, it's our lady that stares at him like a wolf…"

Realizing that he said something wrong, the Fire Keeper fell silent and cleared his throat.

"Well… aren't we going to be late to the war council? L—let us proceed post-haste…"

Nephis gave Sunny a curious look and then smiled with a corner of her mouth.

"Alright. Let's go."

When the Fire Keepers headed for the entrance, she fell back, waited until the two of them were a few steps behind the others, and whispered into his ear:

"So… you want to gobble me up, huh…"

Sunny made his best effort not to trip.

After maintaining silence for a few moments and regaining his composure, he smiled pleasantly and asked:

"...Why? Are you on the menu?"

Nephis studied him silently, then chuckled and hastened her steps, leaving him without an answer.

His expression crumpled a little.

'No, but I really want to know...'

Walking into the stronghold, Sunny touched his ear and let out a heavy sigh.

Sometimes, he really wished that everyone were beholden to the same Flaw as he was.

**********


                                Chapter 1852 Champions of Valor
--------------------
Chapter 1852: Champions of Valor

Sunny, as the Lord of Shadows, reached the council chamber before his original body did.

The room was not quite as impressive as the hall where the King of Swords had gathered all the Saints before the war, but it was also quite spacious. The walls were built from grey stone and adorned with vermilion tapestries, and there was a round table in the middle of the chamber, with forty-two chairs positioned around it. An elaborate enchanted chandelier shone with cold glow above.

There were already plenty of people gathered inside, and all of them turned to look when Sunny walked in. The Lord of Shadows was still a mystery to most of them, and although the rumors of his fearsome power had already spread far and wide, few knew what to make of him.

Mostly, they treated him with a mix of respect and wariness.

He graced them with an indifferent gaze, then walked to the table. No one had taken their seat yet, since the king was not present. Ignoring the unspoken convention, Sunny chose a random chair and sat down.

'...Pathetic.'

His Shadow Chair was superior to this pitiful thing in all regards.

Hidden behind the mask, he secretly studied the people who had been summoned to attend the war council.

There were many Masters and a few Awakened here, but they were mostly meant to observe the discussion and provide insight if any of the true decision-makers had a question having to do with their expertise. The people of real importance were the Saints, and they were the ones Sunny was curious about.

Most of them hailed from the vassal clans, while some were retained by Valor. Several were members of the royal clan's branch families, as well, albeit not many.

The Sword Army possessed slightly more than forty Transcendent warriors. It was less than the Song Domain had, but the Saints of Valor were forged from tougher steel… or at least that was what the public believed. They had more renown, a longer history, and had accomplished more incredible feats.

However, Sunny was doubtful that they were truly superior to the Transcendent warriors of the Song Army. After all, some of the strongest Saint he knew of were those few people had ever heard about or cared to pay attention to. So, he had a feeling that the champions of the Queen of Worms would give their enemies a nasty shock when the two armies finally clashed in battle.

Which was not to say that the people gathered in the chamber weren't outstanding in every regard. A Saint was a Saint, after all… even now that Transcendents were somewhat divided into tiers, everyone understood that those tiers only differentiated between various levels of absolute excellence.

He saw a few familiar faces, of course.

There was Morgan, the Princess of War. The sharpest sword of her father's kingdom. The enchanting beauty was clad in black armor, leaning on a wall as she studied the room with a hint of amusement in her vivid vermilion eyes.

There was Nephis, Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan. Even among these legendary figures, she was treated with a hint of veneration — both because of her family and because of her own accomplishments. Sunny knew how tyrannical her power was better than anyone.

Looking at the two princesses, Sunny had a sudden thought. He found it ironic there were seven Saints among the girls Ki Song had adopted, while Anvil only had two Transcendent children… and out of those two, one was now fighting on the side of the enemy, while his place was taken by the daughter of a man the Sovereigns had most likely killed.

'That's one messed-up family tree.'

He continued to study the gathered Saints.

There was Cassie, the blind seer. People paid attention to her because of her startling beauty and quiet demeanor, but few understood how dangerous she was. Most knew her as a competent advisor of the royal clan, while some treated her with subtle reverence that was often afforded to oracles. But since she was not too accomplished as a warrior, no one held her in truly high regard.

Then, there was Sunny himself — the Lord of Shadows. People seemed to have various opinions about him, but everyone agreed that he was an extremely formidable combatant. Still, there was a certain feeling of distance between him and the rest of the gathered Saints, as if they were not entirely ready to put their trust in a stranger.

That was because his position was somewhat unique — unlike the rest of them, he had not sworn loyalty to the King of Swords, and was therefore more of a mercenary than a true comrade.

Some distance away, Sunny noticed Saint Tyris. He saw her recently, so he was not too surprised by the fact that she had not changed at all in the last four years. Sky Tide had always had a stern, but strong presence — now, however, everyone seemed to treat her with an extra bit of respect. After all, she was one of the most important strategic assets in this war.

Strangely enough, the man standing next to her had not changed that much, either. He was tall and rugged, with broad shoulders and an easy bearing. His hair and beard were the color of straw, while his eyes were piercingly blue. There was a blue scarf wrapped carelessly around his neck… Roan of White Feather had grown even more handsome after becoming a Saint.

Together, they made for a beautiful pair.

Awakened Telle was standing behind her parents. Sunny was pleased to see the [Belated Apology] on Roan's right forearm — it seemed that her father really liked her gift.

'I'm glad.'

On the opposite side of the chamber, a gallant man in lustrous armor was waiting calmly for the meeting to start. He was Sir Gilead, the Summer Knight — a man whose loyalty and noble character were a legend in and of themselves. He was known for his straightforward nature, embodying qualities such as honor, valiance, and devotion.

Although… after spending some time with the man in the Nightmare Desert, Sunny suspected that there was more to Sir Gilead than blind loyalty. In any case, Summer Knight was one of the strongest and most renowned Transcendent warriors of the old generation. He was, more or less, the personification of what people thought a Saint should be.

Having someone like that fighting by one's side was quite reassuring in a dire war.

These were all the gathered Transcendents Sunny knew personally.

However, there were a few more that he instantly recognized from hearing about them here and there.

There was a dashing man wearing a beautifully decorated suit of golden armor with floral motifs in the accents. He was Saint Rivalen of Aegis Rose, also known as Shield Wall — a distinguished knight known for his gallant demeanor and stalwart character.

There was also an elegant older gentleman leaning on a black cane. He was Jest of the Dagonet clan — a former member of the cohort led by the founder of Clan Valor and one of the most experienced Awakened of the Sword Army. Among other things, Saint Jest was known for his peculiar True Name… Not So Funny Anymore.

Sunny really didn't know what to make of that fact, however, he was quite curious about the older Saint. They shared the bitter fate of having an extremely weird name, after all.

There were a few others, as well…

However, before Sunny could properly study them, the King of Swords arrived.

The war council was about to begin.

**********


                                Chapter 1853 The King’s Speech
--------------------
When the king entered, everyone in the chamber straightened… everyone except for Sunny, naturally, who was the only person sitting comfortably on a wooden chair. Anvil spared him a short glance — which was heavy enough to make Sunny pale behind the mask — and took his seat calmly.

Once the King of Swords was seated, the rest of the Saints took their places behind the round table. Because of its peculiar shape, everyone here seemed to be an equal… however, that equality was merely an illusion. Anvil did not do anything, and yet his suffocating superiority was painfully apparent.

Consequently, those who sat closest to him were above the rest. Morgan sat to his right, while Nephis sat to his left. As for Sunny himself, he was almost on the other side of the table.

At the same time, he was standing near the wall with the rest of the Fire Keepers. The Masters and a few Awakened who had been invited to participate in the war council did not get a spot behind the table.

There were a few moments of silence before Anvil's deep, strangely enthralling voice resonated in the stone chamber. He spoke evenly and plainly, in a strangely calm tone — as if what he was talking about was a mundane matter, not a war that would shape the future of humanity… or maybe even destroy it.

"Welcome, warriors of the Sword Domain. We have carved out a piece of this cursed land and established a fortress atop the ancient bones of a dead deity. Our blades are sharp, and our will is triumphant… for now. The forces of Song have had a hard time achieving what we had achieved with relative ease, but there is no wisdom in belittling their valor. Those who underestimate the enemy are destined to fall. The cost of arrogance is death."

He gazed at them coldly and continued in an indifferent tone:

"There is no one in the world who knows Ki Song, the Queen of Worms, better than I do. So, I tell you this: there is no end to the insidious schemes woven by that woman. You should prepare yourself to taste bitterness as her machinations unfold. However, I also promise you this — at the end of it all, we will taste the sweetness of victory."

Hearing those words, Sunny couldn't help but sigh.

At that moment, he suddenly realized how tragic this war must have seemed to the rest of humanity — for reasons entirely different from the ones he himself had considered before.

Anvil said that there was no one in the world who knew Ki Song better than him, and it was most likely true. Sunny was used to thinking about these two as nebulous and sinister figures — as tyrants of immense power who secretly controlled the fate of humanity. The Sovereigns.

But they had been mere mortals before attaining Supremacy — Awakened warriors no different from him. More than that, they had been members of the same cohort.

So, this was a bitter war between two people who had once braved the horrors of the Nightmare Spell together, and fought side by side in the depths of hell. It was no different from Sunny raising an army against Cassie, to kill her and take her kingdom for himself.

'It's actually… quite sad.'

These people had been the hope of humanity once. Now… the Smile of Heaven was gone. Broken Sword was dead, as well. Asterion was who knew where, and the last two were determined to destroy each other.

It made Sunny wonder what would happen to his own cohort in the future.

He could not know the future, of course… but he did know that, at the very least, they would never end up as the Sovereigns. Not the least of all because the Sovereigns were there, in front of them, as a cautionary tale — without their appalling example, Sunny and his companions might very well have unknowingly ended up becoming them.

He inhaled deeply and briefly glanced at Nephis.

The King of Swords, meanwhile, continued:

"Now that we have established a foothold in Godgrave, we must persist into its depths. The next stage of our campaign will be both perilous and vital. Fortunately… I am here. I am with you, so who can be against you?"

Those were big words, but he was also someone who could speak them without sounding boastful.

After that, Anvil succinctly explained the goals looming over the Sword Army. Sunny ignored the flowery words and listened only to the underlying message that the Sovereign of Valor wanted to relay.

Fundamentally, the Domain War was a clash between the King of Swords and the Queen of Worms. It would reach its culmination when the two of them faced each other in battle, and end when one of them killed the other.

The key to gaining a decisive advantage in that final confrontation were the Citadels scattered across Godgrave. Possessing more of them would allow one of the Sovereigns to manifest their Domain more thoroughly, and make that Domain stronger.

Therefore, the two great armies were merely tools for taking control of the Citadels.

Valor was already ahead of Song in that regard, and there seemed to be nothing that could prevent them from widening the gap. With their Sovereign present in Godgrave, the task of subjugating lost Citadels would become much easier.

Which was not to say that it would be easy.

Although the King of Swords could already manifest his Domain here, his power was still contained in the immediate area around the Ivory Island. That allowed the camp of his army an incredible degree of protection against external threats, and made the task of venturing into the subterranean jungle less daunting. But the warriors of Valor still had to brave their incinerating expanse of the surface and the dark depths of the Hollows to uncover and conquer the overgrown Citadels.

As for where those Citadels were located…

At some point, Anvil paused for a few moments and shifted his gaze to the masked figure sitting on the other side of the round table.

His voice was calm when he said:

"Regarding this matter, I will ask the person who knows most about Godgrave to give us an explanation. Saint Shadow… if you will."

Sunny lingered for a bit, then sighed and leaned forward a little.

"Sure. Let's see… for a godforsaken hell unfit to be inhabited by humans, Godgrave has a surprising number of Citadels…"

**********


                                Chapter 1854 The Shadow’s Response
--------------------
The King of Swords certainly had a commanding presence, but when the Lord of Shadows spoke, it was hard not to pay attention to him as well.

Both possessed a cold indifference to them, but while Anvil's voice was calm and regal, Sunny's was sinister and dark.

The impenetrable darkness nestling in the eyes of his ferocious mask only made him seem more eerie and captivating.

Leaning forward a little, he spoke in an even tone…

Or rather, he pretended to. In truth, he simply activated the enchantment of the Extraordinary Rock and allowed it to repeat what he had spoken aloud earlier, before summoning Weaver's Mask.

"There are no more Citadels to be conquered on the surface, and I can't say anything about the sea of ash below — even for me, that place is too dire. However, there are several strongholds hidden in the Hollows, which I have scouted out extensively in the last few years."

Sunny pretended to pause for a moment, then moved his hand subtly.

Following his command, shadows crawled from the floor and flowed onto the round table like a stream of darkness. There, they solidified and manifested into a flawless model of the dead deity — a trick he had used once before in front of the Fire Keepers.

Soon, it was as if a large black skeleton was laying on the wooden surface of the council table.

There was a wave of whispers in the stone chamber. Sunny allowed it to pass, and then continued coldly with the help of the Extraordinary Rock:

"I know the approximate location of four Citadels. One is situated in the western part of the Collarbone Hollow, and is the closest one to the war camp of the Song Army. Taking it would, without a doubt, become a priority to them, since they need to conquer a Citadel desperately. The second is located in the central part of the Breastbone Hollow, at an equal distance from both of the war camps — considering our advantage, we should be able to reach it first."

Sunny leaned back and crossed his arms.

"The third is situated far below, in the spine of the dead god. Reaching that one would be much more challenging… all of Godgrave is hell, but the great Spine Hollow is one of the most dreadful parts of that hell, by far. The fourth Citadel is the furthest, and is hidden all the way in the far south, in one of the two Femur Hollows."

He lingered for a few moments, and then commanded the Extraordinary Rock to speak the last prepared lines:

"I… suspect that there is a fifth Citadel, as well. If there is, it is situated in the skull of the dead deity. However, that place is far too harrowing. I have never dared approach it, and I suggest that none of you try, either. Whatever is hidden there should never be disturbed by humans."

Sunny had indeed never ventured close to the colossal skull of the dead god. Even though it could be seen from anywhere in Godgrave, propped up by the mountains and staring at the ancient corpse with its enormous, empty eyes, it was the last place he ever wanted to explore.

Sure, the ancient darkness drowning the great chasms of the skeleton's eyes was nebulous and alluring, promising mysteries beyond his imagination — and, maybe, keys to unimaginable power.

Who knew what could be hidden in the head of a dead deity? Maybe it was the secret of its death. But no matter what the secret was, it had to be something of tremendous importance.

And yet, Sunny felt it in his own bones that trying to enter the colossal skull would result in a death more thorough than any he had brushed against before. He wouldn't be surprised if there was an Unholy Titan dwelling there — and he was not ready to face an Unholy Titan.

Simply witnessing a creature like that could very well cause Sunny's mind to shatter and his soul to collapse.

His final words were met by a tense silence. The gathered Saints studied the black skeleton laying on the table with somber expressions.

Eventually, Morgan asked in a subdued tone:

"Saint Shadow… how sure are you that these locations you've discovered are indeed Citadels, and not simply ancient ruins?"

Sunny shrugged.

"As sure as I can be."

In truth, he was reasonably certain, but there was always room for doubt. He had never explored the interiors of the supposed Citadels, since there were immensely powerful abominations guarding each of them. But he had learned enough to believe in his judgment.

Hearing his response, Morgan smiled.

"How fortunate it is that my sister managed to convince you to share your knowledge, then."

The King of Swords gazed at him once more, then spoke evenly:

"The course of action is clear. For now, it is too perilous to send our soldiers into the Hollows. We need to proceed slowly by conquering the surface and make our way to the center of the Breastbone Plain. From there, we will launch an assault on the Citadel situated below it."

That was just as expected. During this first stage of the war, both armies would be preoccupied with the laborious task of subjugating the surface of Godgrave. They would move deeper inland, eradicating the jungle and mapping out the major fissures in the ancient bone. Then, fortified outposts would be built near the fissures to stop the jungle from crawling out of the Hollows once again, thus slowly expanding the zone of human control.

It seemed like a titanic task, to conquer the colossal skeleton, one crack in the bone at a time. But Sunny was not stupid enough to underestimate the tenacity of the human pioneers.

All regions of the Dream Realm had once seemed impregnable. And yet, humans had slowly conquered them, one after the other — Clan Valor in particular was responsible for subjugating the vast territory between the Twilight Sea and the Hollow Mountains. The story of their expansionist crusades was the stuff of legends in and of itself.

And while humanity had never conquered a Death Zone before, its expedition forces had never been as vast, and had never been led by rulers of the Supreme Rank, either.

So, Sunny had no doubt that the surface of Godgrave would fall into human hands eventually. Perhaps it would take many months, and cost countless lives. But the result had already been decided — the Sovereigns had willed it, and so, their wills would reshape the world to fit their ambitions.

He looked at the King of Swords, and at the same time, the king looked at him.

Anvil remained silent for a moment, then said without any emotion in his powerful voice:

"While most of us will be paving the road south, you will have another task, Saint Shadow."

Sunny raised an eyebrow behind the mask.

"Oh?"

The King of Swords shifted his gaze to the black skeleton, looking intently at the spot where the war camp of the Song Army was supposed to be.

When he spoke, his tone contained authority that could not be denied:

"You will venture to disrupt the enemy's attempts to conquer the Western Citadel. The location of your own stronghold is quite convenient for launching raids... so, I expect you to deliver good results."

**********


                                Chapter 1855 Sudden Assignment
--------------------
Considering how fast the road to Godgrave had been built, Rain really should not have been surprised — but the warcamp of the Song Army was being constructed at astonishing speed.

Just a few days had passed since they made it to the collarbone of the dead deity, and yet it already resembled a city. Of course, it was mostly a tent city, considering how hard it was to deliver building materials to this dreadful land.

The lack of materials was not the only problem they faced, either. There was something much more dire slowing down the construction — the fact that the camp was endlessly besieged from all sides by the vile abominations of the scarlet jungle.

The jungle might have been pushed back, but it did not disappear. Even after being reduced to ash, it was already crawling back from the cracks in the ancient bone. The sun-bleached surface of the plain was covered by red moss and vermilion grass once again, and one could see the jungle grow and spread at astonishing speed with a naked eye.

The soldiers of the Song Domain had spent each day battling the constant onslaught of Nightmare Creatures, stalling them until the fortifications were completed.

Luckily, most of those Nightmare Creatures were newborns. They were immensely powerful and absolutely lethal, but at least the Awakened could contend with them… albeit just barely. When something more terrible emerged from below the ground or was allowed to grow truly dangerous by devouring other abominations, the Ascended officers and Transcendent generals took to the battlefield.

The Seventh Legion had participated in defending the camp, as well. Rain had lost count of how many arrows she let loose. It was a good thing that she was wearing the Puppeteers Shroud — its bracer, made from lusterless black leather, was still in one piece. A mundane one would have been already shredded by the string of her powerful bow.

Tamar, Ray, and Fleur had also participated in the battles, earning more than a few scratches here and there. Luckily, Saint Seishan was an experienced leader and stellar commander, so the casualties suffered by the Seventh Legion were among the lowest among all divisions of the Song Army.

Still, their first week in Godgrave had been a horrid nightmare.

...Invading a Death Zone was just as harrowing of an endeavor as it sounded.

There were no nights here, so counting days was a bit hard. Nevertheless, Rain was more or less sure that it was currently early morning. She splashed some water on her face in the washroom attached to the barracks and was in the process of preparing breakfast for the cohort when a subtle voice suddenly resounded from her shadow:

"Rise and shine!"

Rain turned her head and stared at the shadow.

She was rarely alone these days, and there were many powerful people in the camp. So, there were few opportunities for her to talk to her teacher — they had only exchanged a few words since the army entered Godgrave.

Rain could barely remember the last time she spoke to him so little. She missed her teacher's company… although, of course, she would never admit it aloud.

"What happened?"

He would not have risked exposing his presence without a reason.

Her teacher sighed.

"I won't be able to accompany you for the next few hours. So, be careful… and don't stand out."

Rain frowned.

"What? Why?"

There was no answer. Instead, Tamar — who had woken up even earlier — walked over to the fire, covering a tired yawn with a hand.

"Who are you talking to?"

Rain looked at her, remained silent for a moment, then smiled.

"Just talking to myself."

Tamar shrugged and sat down, then looked at the fire.

There was supposed to be a large kitchen with dedicated staff to feed the legion, but it had not been built yet. So, for now, each cohort was provided with supplies to cook for themselves.

"Are Ray and Fleur still asleep?"

Rain nodded.

Recently, she had been surprised to learn that the other two members of the cohort were an item even since meeting at the Awakened Academy. They did not show it often — which was understandable, in current circumstances — but the two were more or less inseparable.

Rain's addition to the cohort had saved Tamar from the awkward fate of being the perpetual third wheel.

The Legacy girl sighed.

"Alright. Then, come with me."

Rain raised an eyebrow.

"Huh? Where are we going?"

Tamar rose, swept her hair back, and dusted off the pauldrons of her armor.

"There is a big meeting happening at the command pavilion. Two members of our cohort are supposed to escort Lady Seishan as honor guards. Congratulations... try to look presentable and don't do anything outrageous."

Rain's eyes widened. She took the pot off the fire, placed it on the ground, and hurriedly stood up.

"Wait! Why our cohort?"

The younger girl shrugged.

"Probably as a sign of respect to my father. In any case, I received orders to arrive immediately. There's no time to waste, so let's go."

Rain blinked a couple of times, glanced at her shadow, and then followed Tamar to the center of the Seventh Legion's encampment.

They met the Queen's daughter there. That was the first time Rain happened to be so close to Saint Seishan — she tried very hard not to stare, but it was a bit hard. The woman was just too beautiful, mysterious, and mesmerizing.

And there was a… a presence about her. Rain couldn't quite explain it, but she felt funny near the graceful princess of Song. It was as though a strange sense of calm and tranquility had overcome her.

At the same time, her blood turned cold in her veins, and her tattoo moved slightly, constricting her arm.

Tamar and Lady Seishan exchanged a few words. They seemed to be acquainted with each other, albeit on a very shallow level — which was not surprising, considering their backgrounds. Finally, Tamar introduced Rain to the princess.

Saint Seishan looked at her and smiled elegantly.

"Awakened Rani. I'll be in your care."

Rain felt frozen for a moment, then bowed awkwardly.

"M—my lady."

With that, they headed to the command pavilion, which was situated in the heart of the camp.

As they walked, the wind carried the sounds of battle from the exterior of the encampment. The fighting never really stopped, so Rain had grown somewhat used to it. She still shivered, though, earning a stern look from Tamar.

'What? It's not like you're not having nightmares almost every night, yourself!'

She made an attempt to look calm and fell behind Saint Seishan, playing the role of an honor guard… which was a bit ridiculous, really, considering that the task of protecting a Transcendent was not something an Awakened like her could do.

Soon, they reached the command pavilion — which was a larger tent reinforced with some masonry — and walked inside.

There, Rain almost lost her composure.

'D—damnation!'

The "big meeting" Tamar had mentioned… the Legacy girl seemed to be the queen of understatement!

The diffused sunshine was pouring through the blue fabric of the tent, flooding its interior with cold light. Bathed in it…

Was everyone.

Every Saint of the Song Army, and most of the prominent Masters serving the Queen. There were a few Awakened, as well, most of them escorting their officers like Tamar and Rain were.

Rain had already been overwhelmed from being in proximity to one Saint…

But now, she was looking at dozens of them!

There were other princesses other than Lady Seishan, as well…

She took a shaky breath and barely managed to regain her composure.

However, a moment later, that composure was shattered by a sudden, explosive thought.

'I'm… I'm not going to meet the queen, am I?!'

**********


                                Chapter 1856 Champions of Song
--------------------
Saint Seishan did not seem daunted by the astonishing power and status of the people gathered in the command pavilion — which should not have been surprising, really, considering that she was a princess herself.

Rain, however, was overwhelmed. There were close to fifty Transcendent champions around her, and each of them possessed a presence. Some auras were subtle, while some were forceful — they were all undeniable, though, almost making her feel dizzy.

Or drunk, maybe… in any case, it was an intense feeling.

She furtively glanced at Tamar. The Legacy girl was not really showing it, but Rain could tell that she was affected by the wondrous atmosphere of the tent, as well.

They were protected by the calm presence of Saint Seishan, at least. Without it, their state would have been even worse.

Lady Seishan walked across the spacious room with her usual elegant poise, greeting her sisters and vassal Saints gracefully as she went. Somewhat relieved, Rain was finally able to look around.

She regretted it almost immediately.

'Ah… that is simply unfair…'

Everyone around her was chillingly beautiful. It was as if she was in a lavish museum where every sculpture and painting had come alive. She had seen plenty of stunning people before, and was not so bad herself… but surrounded by the nobility of the Song Domain, Rain couldn't help but feel utterly plain.

Judging by Tamar's wistful expression, she felt the same.

'Why am I surprised?'

She was looking at Saints, after all. Competing with a Saint in terms of one's looks was a fool's errand.

Consoling herself that way, she tried to assign the names she had heard to the beautiful faces.

Rain had heard a lot about the most prominent figures of the Domain while living in Ravenheart, of course. She learned more about them from Tamar in the recent weeks, as well. So, they were not complete strangers.

She knew Saint Seishan, of course. The commander of the Seventh Legion was somewhat obscure, and there was little known about her. She had been the last of the seven Transcendent princesses to become a Saint — however, that did not mean that she was weaker or younger than the rest.

It was just that Lady Seishan had spent almost ten years as a Sleeper on the Forgotten Shore. After returning from that ordeal, she attained Transcendence in a fraction of time that the others had required. In fact, it often felt like the rest of the queen's daughters treated her with a lot of respect. Especially those who were still Masters.

Queen Song had more than seven daughters — adopted daughters, of course. It was just that only seven had become Saints so far.

The next person who attracted Rain's attention almost made her stumble.

It was hard not to notice him, considering that there were relatively few men in the command pavilion. The one she couldn't help but stare at was tall, with broad shoulders and narrow thighs, wearing an austere armor with few adornments.

He had a somber look and cold, deep eyes. His face was mature and way… way too handsome! Most importantly, he had tan skin and strange ashen hair.

It was Tamar's dad!

Rain blinked a couple of times, then blushed a little and looked away. The man was at least two decades older than her, but he was also a Saint. She couldn't help but feel a little out of breath, and looked at Tamar with a silent question.

The Legacy girl frowned, then whispered:

"Yes, that is my father."

Rain's eyes widened a little.

'Damn, Tamar! I didn't tell me that your dad was… was a total smoke show!'

Shaking her head, she tried to distract herself by looking at someone else.

That, as well, was a terrible mistake. Because the first person who caught her eyes was none other than Beastmaster, a woman so breathtaking and tantalizing that there were countless songs written about her.

Even the thin scar that marred her demonically beautiful face did nothing to detract from her beauty. Instead, it only made it more alluring… hypnotic, almost. Impossible to look away from.

Rain knew that Beastmaster had earned that scar somewhere in Antarctica. Awakened did not usually have scars, since their bodies could recover better than those of mundane people, and there were plenty of people with healing Aspects around. The fact that a princess of Song could not erase such a long scar suggested that the wound that had left it was not ordinary.

Nevertheless, Beastmaster wore it like a badge of honor.

Rain barely managed to look away and concentrated on a few other people in the command pavilion.

'Let's see. Silent Stalker, Princess Moonveil, Lonesome Howl … and that must be Revel, the Dark Dancer.'

Those were four of the remaining five Transcendent princesses. The last one was missing, or at least Rain failed to recognize her.

Silent Stalker was strangely unassuming. In fact, it was hard to notice her at all — the woman was standing near the wall of the pavilion, leaning on a support beam and half-hidden in the shadows. There was a silent aura about her, but her gleaming eyes were focused and attentive. She was wearing a black hunting attire.

Moonveil was delicate and beautiful, with a slender build and a soft, pale face. Her hair was white, and her eyes seemed to glimmer with the afterglow of pale moonlight. She wore a modest dress instead of an armor, but Rain could recognize a fellow archer when she saw one.

Lonesome Howl was tall, lithe, and full of barely contained bestial energy. Her handsome face was illuminated by a slight grin, and her eyes were full of cocky confidence. She wore leather trousers and a sleeveless vest, leaving her toned, tan arms exposed.

Lastly… there was Revel, the Dark Dancer, also known as the Lightslayer. She was the first of the Queen's daughters to have Transcended, and therefore somewhat of a senior to the rest.

Her hair was raven-black, and her eyes were like two obsidian gems. With her dark clothes, alabaster skin, and exquisite beauty, she was undeniably striking. As for her character, Rain couldn't tell what the princess was like. All she could see was that there was depth to her gaze, and a subtle coldness to her features.

If Rain had to say anything, though… it was that Lightslayer looked a little forlorn. As if she was missing something that she would never have.

'What a strange thought.'

Just as Rain thought that, Princess Revel suddenly spoke, her slightly husky voice easily resonating across the pavilion.

"Let us begin."

**********


                                Chapter 1857 Missing Invitation
--------------------
Lightslayer was sitting at the head of the table. Bestmaster was to her right, while Lady Seishan was to her left. Since Rain and Tamar were escorting the latter, they were standing behind her chair.

The former, meanwhile, used enthralled Nightmare Creatures as her escorts. Two ethereal, ghostly figures were drifting in the air behind her, almost invisible in the pale light of the command pavilion — even knowing that they were subdued by one of the queen's daughters, Rain couldn't help but feel uneasy in their presence.

She was usually in the company of a sinister wraith of her own. Today, however, her teacher had left her alone — no doubt to avoid being sensed by the plethora of Saints gathered here.

…Dark Dancer Revel had come alone.

She gazed at the champions of the Song Army, remained silent for a while, and then spoke in her subtle, husky voice:

"Brothers and sisters, all of you should know the situation. Godgrave is a cruel place, and we have suffered from its cruelty. In the days and months to come, we will suffer more, and we will suffer greatly. There is no mercy to be found under this ruthless sky, and no salvation from the perils that besiege us."

Rain expected that Lightslayer would continue with a "but", but to her surprise, the princess made no attempt to lift the spirits of her comrades. Her rather bleak proclamation simply hung in the air, and the faces of the gathered Saints slowly turned somber.

Rain and Tamar were just close enough to see Revel sparing a short, almost imperceptible glance at Lady Seishan. After receiving a similarly subtle nod, she smiled coldly.

"What most of you might not know is how the enemy is faring on the other side of the Collarbone Plain. Let me inform you… the enemy is faring well. They have entered Godgrave and established a fortified encampment without suffering any significant losses. Their fortress is impregnable, and they have no shortage of supplies. They are already moving their forces to carve a path south, aiming to claim a second — or maybe even a third — Citadel."

She paused for a moment, and then added indifferently:

"The reason for the enviable progress of the Sword Army is rather simple. It is because they are protected by their Sovereign, while we are not. The tyrant, King of Swords, is already here in Godgrave. But my mother is still waiting for us to extend her an invitation."

Lightslayer gazed at the Saints and finished in an even tone:

"So, we will dedicate ourselves to conquering a Citadel of our own immediately."

There was a wave of whispers, followed by a tense silence. In that silence, a deep voice resounded, forcing Rain to look at the far end of the table.

"Forgive me for speaking out, my lady…"

The speaker was a man that looked relatively young, but nevertheless made quite an impression. He was tall and had an incredibly powerful build, with muscles so robust that they strained the fabric of his lavish pangolin coat. His skin had a darker hue, and he emanated a feeling of dire physical might.

Rain recognized him easily — the young Saint was rather famous these days, albeit not for a good reason.

He was Dar of the Maharana clan, who had just returned from conquering the Third Nightmare. As such, he was the youngest of all human Saints — or, at least, the most recent. A rejected demand to hand him over to Clan Valor was what had sparked this entire war.

Officially, at least.

Of course, the hypocritical justification the King of Swords had provided seemed quite flimsy even back then. Now that everyone knew that Dar of the Maharana clan had been in the depths of a Nightmare when the assassination attempt on Changing Star happened, it seemed even more preposterous.

The mighty Saint continued soberly:

"Our own situation is not entirely stable, yet. Secure supply chains have yet to be established, and our camp can barely be called a stronghold. The enemy is indeed ahead of us, but what will we achieve by rushing? Won't we just make our disadvantage more dire by plunging head first into a battle that we are not quite ready to fight?"

Rain noticed that the Saint of Sorrow looked at the younger Transcendent with a hint of curiosity… which was the first semblance of emotion that the somber man had shown thus far.

She glanced at Tamar and suppressed a smile.

It was too easy to see where the younger girl's mannerisms had all come from.

In any case, Saint Dar was making a lot of sense. Since he was, Rain almost expected that he would be accused of cowardice, but luckily, none of the people gathered in the command pavilion were fools. They kept quiet, either sharing his opinion or waiting for the daughters of the queen to react.

In the ensuing silence, it was Beastmaster who smiled and said in a beguiling tone:

"You don't have to worry about the enemy's progress. Leave those worries to your queen. Trust in my mother, like you have trusted her thus far, and she shall grant you victory. "

Although she was not a biological sister to the Dark Dancer, their voices were strangely alike.

Saint Dar frowned and wanted to say something, but at that moment, the fold covering the entrance to the pavilion moved, and a new figure entered.

A petite young woman walked in, wearing a dark robe. There was a hint of innocence on her lovely face, and a strange calmness in her large, glistening eyes.

In stark contrast to that innocence, however, were heavy drops of blood falling from her slick hands.

Rain tried not to stare.

'The missing princess.'

The last of the seven Transcendent daughters of Ki Song had finally arrived. She was Hel, the Death Singer — one of the most mysterious and revered Saints of the Song Domain.

Despite how ominous she looked, that with fresh blood smeared all across her hands, the young woman was not that sinister. She was a haruspex — or rather, a haruspicina — a diviner who received revelations by inspecting the entrails of sacrificial beasts.

The gathering grew quiet when the oracle appeared and slowly made her way to where Lightslayer, Beastmaster, and Lady Seishan were seated.

Rain frowned a little.

'Come to think of it… how come I don't know Saint Seishan's True Name?'

She had to have one. But, to Rain's knowledge, no one had ever spoken it aloud.

Death Singer, meanwhile, reached the head of the table, leaned down, and whispered something into her sister's ear.

Lightslayer smiled.

"Responding to your question, Saint Dar. There is indeed no much sense in rushing into battle. That is why we will split our forces and rush into two battles, instead…"

**********


                                Chapter 1858 Precipice
--------------------
Princess Hel had not spoken after whispering something in Lightslayer's ear. She took her seat and remained silent, the blood continuing to drip from her hands to the floor.

The war council continued for a while, since there were a lot of minor issues that had to be relayed, considered, and ironed out. Rain listened with rapt attention, knowing that what was being discussed in the command pavilion would directly impact, and maybe even decide, her fate.

And, in a way, it did.

It really seemed like the Sword Army was on a sure path to overwhelming the forces of Song — the aggressor that had initiated this vile conflict was far ahead, and widening the gap with each day. Which hardly seemed fair.

However, the queen's daughters were strangely calm about the entire situation. Instead of maintaining caution and employing a conservative strategy, like one would when dealing with a superior enemy, they chose to act with an unsettling boldness.

Eventually, the meeting was over, and everyone who had gathered in the command pavilion hurried outside. There was a lot for them to do.

Dar of the Maharana clan left with a dark smile on his lips. The Saint of Sorrow spared his daughter a glance, nodded curtly, and walked outside with the same bleak expression. The daughters of Ki Song soon followed.

However, Lady Seishan remained motionless. So did Beastmaster and Lightslayer.

Eventually, the three sisters were the only ones left in the command pavilion — not counting Rain, Tamar, and the wraiths hovering behind Beastmaster.

It seemed like they wanted to discuss something in private.

Tamar cleared her throat.

"Should we give you privacy, Lady Seishan?"

Their commander looked back and smiled.

"No need, young Tamar. Just make sure to stay quiet."

She didn't specify whether they were meant to stay quiet during the following discussion or about it. In any case, Rain wasn't going to talk.

She had already been forced to flee Ravenheart because of knowing too much.

Lightslayer looked at Tamar, then reached back and pulled up the hood of her dark mantle. A moment later, her eyes were hidden in deep shadow, and a small sigh escaped from her lips.

"Will you two be able to handle what needs to be done?"

The three sisters would soon be in command of the split army.

Beastmaster would remain in the warcamp with a part of Song forces. Her task was to finish the construction of the fortress while defending it from the onslaught of Nightmare Creatures.

Saint Seishan, meanwhile, would lead an expedition force toward the location where one of the Citadels of Godgrave was supposedly located. Death Singer, the diviner, would lead them across the surface of the ancient bone until they reached a broad area above their target.

From there, the elites of the expedition force would venture into the Hollows and conquer the Citadel. The task seemed absolutely lethal, and victory was not certain. However, Lady Seishan remained calm and poised, not showing even the smallest hint of hesitation.

It was as if there was no question whether she would take the Citadel, only how soon, and at what cost.

If she did prevail, however… Queen Song would be able to manifest her Domain in Godgrave, and their position would not seem so hopeless anymore.

The last sister, Lightslayer, would neither remain in the camp nor join the expedition force. Instead, she would attempt to do… something.

Rain wasn't quite sure what, because the details had not been shared with anyone. All that the Dark Dancer had said was that she would venture to slow down the enemy's progress. She was not going to command any troops, but she would take a few Saints with her.

As Rain was wondering what, exactly, Lightslayer was planning to do, Saint Seishan answered her question:

"It's alright, Revel. We'll be fine. You don't have to worry."

The raven-haired beauty looked at her and smiled darkly.

"When have I ever worried? Ask anyone. In the ten years that you were missing, I haven't worried once."

Beastmaster laughed.

"How callous."

Lady Seishan shook her head.

"If you want to be worried about someone, worry about yourself. Out of the three of us, your task is the most uncertain."

Lightslayer looked at her from beneath her hood.

"What's uncertain about it? Howl, Silence, and Moon are coming with. So is the Saint of Sorrow. You know that we are prepared."

Lady Seishan lingered for a moment.

"Everything else is fine, but the Lord of Shadows is an unknown. We don't know much about him. There are no traces… it is as if he conjured himself out of thin air, like a daemon."

Her sister smiled darkly.

"Then he can disappear into thin air as well."

Rain was staring forward, pretending to be a dutiful guard.

There was a lot on her mind, though.

'Appeared out of thin air…'

Wasn't that how her teacher had appeared a few years ago?

She tried not to frown.

She did not know a lot about the Lord of Shadows, but he and her teacher were strangely alike. They both commanded shadows, for one… there were other similarities, too. She was half-convinced that they were the same person, even.

However, her teacher had been by her side every day for the last four years, while the Lord of Shadows had been in Godgrave all that time. Well, at least he had been there for two winter solstices in a row, rescuing stray Sleepers. Her teacher had never left her side, and they had been together on those solstices as well.

So… what?

Was the Lord of Shadows a similar existence to her teacher? A disembodied shadow that possessed great and strange powers, pursuing mysterious goals? Were they, perhaps, comrades? Or at least had come from the same source?

'I should ask Teacher.'

He would probably answer with some ridiculous nonsense, though.

At that moment, Beastmaster shifted, looked at Lady Seishan, and asked somberly:

"What about the other? Has the Prince of Nothing sent any news?"

Lady Seishan lingered for a while, then smiled elegantly.

"Oh, yes."

For some reason, her elegant smile suddenly looked rather sinister.

Her pleasant, velvet voice resounded softly in the empty command pavilion:

"…He is about to start."

**********


                                Chapter 1859 Untold
--------------------
Far away and beyond reach, a vast expanse of rolling water was glistening under the starlit sky. Black clouds were flowing like tattered banners, torn apart by the violent winds.

Colossal waves were rising and falling, each taller than a fortress wall. Countless bolts of lightning were flashing, branching as they struck the restless surface of the water.

Illuminated by the veil of lightning that connected its numerous masts to the stars, a titanic ship was waging a war against the storm.

The ship was at least a kilometer across from port to starboard, but seemed narrow because of its great length. Its ancient hull was made of wood, but had no seams — it was as if the entire vessel had been created by hollowing out a single branch that spanned more than a dozen kilometers from end to end.

Although, if there was a tree with branches so immense, severing one would not have been an easy feat. Fashioning a ship out of it would not have been a task for mortals, either.

The titanic ship was like a city in and of itself. There were dozens of decks, beautiful palaces and tall pagodas built on its surface, and great mysteries hiding in its boundless holds. There were wild groves, rushing streams, and deep lakes.

And people.

This was Night Garden, the great Citadel of the House of Night.

Despite the furious force of the storm, which would have destroyed any other vessel, the Night Garden was moving through turbulent waters with daunting, unstoppable ease. The colossal waves were cut apart by its proud bow and broke powerlessly against its indestructible hull. The branching bolts of lightning struck its masts and were absorbed by them, empowering the ancient ship.

The terrible abominations that rose from unfathomable depths from time to time to attack the great vessel were consumed by it, becoming parts of its living hull.

Even in a region of the Dream Realm as strange and deadly as the Stormsea, the people populating the Night Garden were relatively safe.

Tonight, however…

Human blood was spilled on its deck, flowing like a river.

The blood was absorbed by the ancient ship, as well.

"What… what are you doing…"

Close to the bow of the ship, an old man was crawling across the deck, leaving a bloody trail in his wake. His voice was full of pain, confusion, and sorrowful disbelief.

There was a younger man following him with unhurried steps, holding a bloodied knife in his hand.

There was no emotion on the younger man's face, and no mercy in his eyes.

He shrugged.

"You didn't have to be stubborn, old man. This could all have been avoided."

Behind him, a desperate scream tore apart the howling of the storm, and then stopped abruptly. There were more screams further away, some of them full of fear, some of them full of rage.

But with each minute, there were less and less of them.

The old man gritted his teeth.

"You've lost your mind!"

His killer sighed, then rubbed his face tiredly with a bloodied hand. For a moment, he seemed incredibly exhausted, a spark of some unknown emotion finally finding its way into his eyes.

"Have I? Ah, I'll admit… there might be some merit to your argument."

With that, he leaned down, grabbed the old man by the ankle, and dragged him back while raising the knife.

"...But then again, who hasn't?"

The old man looked at him with horror.

His lips trembled.

"You! You are not my son!"

The younger man froze for a moment, then suddenly chuckled.

The hint of emotion drained from his eyes, leaving only terrible coldness.

"Aye. I've heard that one before…"

The knife fell down like the guillotine's blade.

The storm raged on.

***

[Wake up, Sunny!]

Sunny couldn't help but flinch, overcome by a strong sense of déjà vu.

There was a voice in his head, telling him to wake up… thankfully, it was not the voice of the Nightmare Spell. It was Cassie's voice, albeit at that moment, the two sounded eerily similar.

'Why is she…'

He was confused for a moment, but then remembered that not everyone was truly familiar with the strange nature of his existence. His original body in Godgrave was asleep, so Cassie must have assumed that she needed to wake him.

His over two incarnations, however, very rarely slept — so, there was no need for her to bother.

[What is it?]

There were a few moments of silence, as if Cassie was confused. Then, she responded, a sense of urgency in her voice:

[You need to return to the camp.]

Standing in the great hall of the Nameless Temple, Sunny frowned.

The avatar hiding in Rain's shadow was momentarily disturbed, as well.

When was the last time Cassie had lost her composure like that?

He could barely remember.

[What are you talking about? I am in the camp.]

She answered almost immediately:

[The Lord of Shadow has to return. Something strange is happening.]

Sunny looked at the gates of the temple.

It was a long way from the southern edge of the dead god's breastbone to the eastern reaches of the collarbone. He could make it relatively fast by abusing Shadow Step, but it would still take considerable time, and drain his reserves of essence.

Still, Cassie would not have called him back without a reason.

[What exactly is happening?]

There was a moment of silence, and then she answered in a tense voice:

[The House of Night is on the move. The king has summoned Nephis and Morgan. I'll tell you more the moment I learn it, so hurry… no, wait…]

Cassie hesitated a little.

[There is no time. Return to NQSC. I'll pick you up and bring you back to the camp. That will be faster.]

Sunny raised an eyebrow behind the mask.

'So, they finally decided to act. I wondered when they would.'

He had a suspicion that the House of Night would not remain on the sidelines of the war despite their desperate efforts to claim neutrality… a suspicion strong enough that it could very well be called certainty. He had known that something like this would happen ever since that clash with the Skinwalker outside Ravenheart.

Cassie and Nephis knew, as well. In fact, they had accounted for this eventuality in their plans. At the end of the day, it did not really matter to them which side gained an advantage in the war — because, eventually, both sides would have to be destroyed.

But Cassie still sounded tense.

Why?

Suddenly, he regretted his caution. Maybe he should have tried to infiltrate the command pavilion of the Song Army, after all. Or pressed Rain to share military secrets with her usually disinterested teacher.

'There is only one way to find out.'

Actually, there were many ways to find out. But that was neither here nor there.

Frowning deeply, Sunny reached into his soul and pulled on the tether.

**********


                                Chapter 1860 Turn of Fortune
--------------------
There were plumes of smoke rising above NQSC.

Leaning against a dirty wall in the depths of the outskirts, Sunny looked at the towering black pillars silently. A police PTV sped by, flooding the deep darkness of the night with bright lights of the blaring siren. He hid himself deeper in the shadows and crossed his arms.

'Several locations, most of them close to the city center.'

Fires were not a rarity in NQSC, but not on that scale, and not in the affluent districts at the heart of the city.

What had happened? Was the agreement to leave the war out of the waking world broken, already?

[How far are you?]

There was a moment of silence.

[Less than a minute.]

Soon, a luxurious PTV screeched to a halt in front of him. The passenger door opened, and Cassie stepped out of the vehicle, looking a little disheveled. She remained motionless for a few moments, then turned in his direction, winced, and hurriedly smoothed her hair.

Sunny emerged from the shadows and walked over.

"What the hell is happening?"

For now, he was wearing the mask he had fashioned himself. So, it was the only opportunity to have an honest conversation with Cassie — once they reached Godgrave, he would have to don Weaver's Mask in order to keep his secrets.

"Was the compound of Clan Valor attacked? The Dream Gate relay? Storage facilities?"

She hesitated briefly, then shook her head.

"It's all the House of Night. Their strongholds across the city have gone up in flames. It's total chaos."

Sunny was surprised.

"...They were attacked?"

A deep frown creased Cassie's delicate brow.

"For now, it seems like infighting."

'What?'

It took him a moment to process the information. The members of the House of Night were fighting among each other?

Was there a schism among the leaders of the great clan? Unlike Song and Valor, which were monoliths held together by shared blood and familial bonds, the House of Night had been born from an alliance of a dozen Legacy clans — a decision dictated by the meteoric rise of the two great families, to a large extent.

So, he could entertain the idea of internal strife resulting in an open conflict during these trying times.

However, something did not smell right…

Sunny had a few ideas about who could have been behind the whole mess, but he was not certain.

Cassie sent the PTV away and then faced him. Her expression was a little strange.

"There are… defectors."

He raised an eyebrow behind the mask.

"Where are they defecting to?"

The blind seer seemed troubled.

"Several prominent figures of the House of Night appeared at the gates of Clan Valor's stronghold here, in NQSC. Bloodied and with their family members in tow. They are… asking for an asylum."

Now that was simply bizarre.

Sunny felt troubled, as well.

"Where are they now?"

Cassie offered him her hand.

"They are passing through the Dream Gate. The king will negotiate with them — or interrogate them, depending on the situation — personally. Everyone worth anything were summoned back to the camp. The situation might turn more dire than we had anticipated."

He sighed, then took her hand and dismissed [Definitely Not Me].

Before summoning Weaver's Mask, he looked at Cassie somberly and said:

"Let's go see what all the noise is about, then."

Soon, he was standing on the emerald grass of the Ivory Island.

Sunny could see that the camp was much more lively than it should have been.

The Sword Army had already ventured to carve a path south, with countless Awakened soldiers, Masters, and Saints leaving the safety of the fortified stronghold.

The progress was slow, but methodical and steady.

If the cloud veil did not break and the jungle was not incinerated, Saint Tyris would part the clouds herself. Blinding sunlight would flood the bone plain and turn the crimson growth — as well as those abominations that were not fast enough to escape into the Hollows — to ash.

Then, after the Cloudveil repaired itself, the army would advance.

They would clash with the regrowing jungle and the Nightmare Creatures being born in its scarlet depths, pushing toward the fissures in the bone that served as the source of the dreadful infestation. The battles were punishing, dire, and often prolonged — but with champions like Nephis and Summer Knight spearheading the offensive, the Sword Army was slowly gaining ground.

Once they reached a fissures and cut the roots of the jungle in the area, its remnants would be burned, and a fortress would be constructed around the fissure. A containment detachment would be left to garrison the fortress, tasked with preventing the jungle from extending its tendrils to the surface again.

By now, there was a disorderly chain of a dozen of these fortresses and numerous smaller forts extending west, almost all the way to the point where the collarbone and the breastbone connected.

Considering the current state of the main camp, though, most of the Saints leading the expedition force had been recalled ahead of the scheduled rotation.

Sunny did not know what exactly happened in NQSC… but he was quite confident that the fortune of the Sword Army was about to turn for the worst.

'Those Song sisters have been acting too calm, indeed.'

Shaking his head, he followed Cassie toward the Valor Keep — which was the name given to the central stronghold of the camp by the soldiers.

The two of them entered under its heavy roof and were immediately guided to a spacious chamber where many Saints had already gathered, all wearing somber expressions on their faces.

"Lady Cassia, have you received any news? What exactly happened"

Cassie smiled briefly at the dashing Rivalen of Aegis Rose and shook her head apologetically.

"I am on my way to see the King. There will be more clarity soon."

A Knight of Valor arrived, then hurriedly led Cassie and Sunny deeper into the stronghold.

Soon, they entered a smaller chamber. There were only a few people inside — all of them among the strongest and most important champions of the Sword Army.

The King of Swords himself was sitting on an unadorned chair that had been carved out of stone, wearing a cold expression. Morgan was standing behind him, her usual air of polite amusement gone. Nephis was leaning against a wall, her white armor smeared with ash.

Sunny spared her a brief glance, then looked away.

There were three other Saints of the Sword Army in the chamber — Sky Tide, Summer Knight, and Sir Jest of Dagonet.

There was one more person, as well.

A handsome man was kneeling in front of the stone throne, his sunken face marked by pain and fatigue. His presence possessed a mystifying depth to it, as if most of him was hidden from sight.

His dark armor, crafted from the skin of some dreadful leviathan, was severely damaged and bloodied.

The man had his head lowered, so Sunny could not see his eyes. However, his black hair, strangely enough, had slight accents of dark blue.

Sunny's expression changed as he recognized his former friend and comrade, Saint Naeve of the House of Night.

Cassie, meanwhile, bowed deeply.

"I brought him, Your Majesty."

Anvil spared her a glance and nodded.

"Just in time."

With that, he shifted his gaze to the Nightwalker, remained silent for a few moments, and then asked in a cold, heavy tone:

"So, Saint Naeve. I've brought you and your people here, just as you requested. Now, I think, it's time that you give me an explanation. There are reports that the armada of the House of Night is on the move. Night Garden itself has set sail. So, tell me... what, exactly, are your elders scheming?"

Naeve shivered slightly and lingered for a while, as if gathering courage.

Eventually, he took a deep breath, straightened, and looked the King of Swords straight in the eyes.

When he spoke, his voice sounded firm:

"You are mistaken, Supreme Anvil. My elders are not scheming anything. In fact… they are dead."

Naeve paused for a moment, and then added hoarsely:

"They have all been… turned. The House of Night is no more."

**********

