Shadow Slave - PART 189
Chapters 1881 to 1890
==============================


                                Chapter 1881 Leaving the Camp
--------------------
For the last few days of the dreadful march across the bones of the dead deity, Godgrave had been different from before. That was because the stormy clouds that always obscured the sky, suffused with blinding radiance, had finally given birth to an actual storm.

Strong winds assaulted the bone plain, and a torrential downpour fell like a flood. The scarlet jungle had turned marron in the desaturated twilight, pressed down by the heavy rain.

The dark chasm of the great fissure was drinking the torrents of water like a hungry maw. Standing at its edge, fourteen Saints were looking down with somber expressions.

The expedition force had just claimed the area around the vast crack that split the plain. The soldiers were busy building a fortified encampment — this time, they would be remaining in one place for some time, besieged from all sides by the hungry jungle, so it had to resemble a fortress.

All Awakened warriors and Masters were remaining on the surface. So were Summer Knight and about half of the Transcendent champions that had participated in the expedition — their task was to defend the camp and make sure that the soldiers survived.

The fourteen Saints facing the fissure were those who would be venturing into the Hollows to conquer the Citadel.

Nephis and Sunny were among them. So were Saint Jest of Dagonet, Rivalen of Aegis Rose… and Roan of White Feather, as well. The rest were all exalted warriors that Sunny had come to know over the past few weeks.

Not too long ago, this many Transcendent champions would have been seen as a dire force capable of rivaling a Great Clan. Here in Godgrave, however, they were grim and uneasy, looking into the dark fissure with wary eyes.

Saint Jest suddenly let out a soft chuckle.

"I just know there's a good joke somewhere here. Let's see… there's a deep, dark crack in front of us, and we're supposed to enter it… entering, crack… damn, what can it be? It's on the tip of my tongue!"

The rest of the Saints stared at him with silent reproach. Eventually, a beautiful woman with auburn hair, the matriarch of one of Valor's vassal clans, said evenly:

"Please abstain from trying to joke, Sir Jest."

The older man glanced at her dully, then looked away with a dejected mumble.

"Really, now… you were much more fun as a little girl…"

The beautiful Saint did not respond, but her glare intensified.

After that, Rivalen of Aegis Rose broke the silence by addressing Sunny in his usual gallant manner:

"Lord Shadow,you know the Hollows better than any of us. What should we expect?"

The obnoxiously dashing man had not changed at all since the first day of the expedition. The rest of them looked ragged and worn-down, covered in sweat and soot — but he was clean and freshly shaven, with not a scratch on his resplendent golden armor. Even though his hair was messy and wet because of the rain, it somehow managed to look purposefully styled that way.

The relationship between him and Sunny had somewhat changed, though. Saint Rivalen was much more friendly and respectful toward the Lord of Shadows now, while Sunny couldn't really dislike the pompous Legacy anymore… for a very silly reason.

It was Rivalen's Transcendent form. When Sunny first saw it, he was a bit mesmerized. Shield Wall transformed into a towering beast with four stubby legs and hide so tough that it looked as if he was covered with plates of heavy armor. A single massive horn protruded from the beast's nose, longer than a ship's ram…

It was the legendary rhino!

As it turned out, Sunny had a soft spot for rhinos — for obvious reasons. He had never expected to see one in the flesh, but now that he did, disliking Saint Rivalen was harder than before.

He stared at the dashing man coldly.

The sight of his mask was quite unnerving, so Shield Wall's gallant smile grew a little forced.

Sunny sighed.

"...Imagine the surface of Godgrave, but ten times worse. The jungle never burns away, so it is much thicker. The Nightmare Creatures are older and more powerful. Fourteen of us are strong enough to handle Great abominations, but down there in the Hollows, there are Cursed beings as well. Those, we cannot provoke. So, you will follow me quietly, and I will make sure that we don't wander into their hunting grounds."

Saint Rivalen nodded grimly.

At that moment, Roan took a step closer to the edge of the fissure, then turned and looked at Nephis with a smile.

"Then, Lady Nephis… shall we?"

With that, two powerful wings appeared behind him.

As the two Saints in the team who were capable of flight, Roan and Nephis were supposed to descend into the Hollows first — along with Sunny, who could turn into a crow.

Roan's Transformation had surprised Sunny, as well. He had always assumed that the easygoing man would turn into a noble griffin, but in hindsight, there was no reason to think that.

The griffin Echo Roan used to ride on the Chained Isles, as it turned out, was a gift from his wife — it was not an ordinary Echo,either, but rather her Aspect Legacy. By now, the noble beast had reached Transcendence, and served as a protector of their daughter, Awakened Telle.

Saint Roan himself, meanwhile, could turn into a mighty winged lion. The giant creature was just as handsome as his human form was, with gorgeous white fur and enormous amber eyes.

And since Sunny had designed the [Belated Apology] with the purpose of being able to accommodate a Saint's Transformation, the giant lion's body was usually encased in intricate armor.

Saint Tyris and Roan must have been quite a sight, soaring high in the sky together…

Nephis summoned her own wings and nodded.

"Let's go."

With that, she jumped over the edge and plunged into the darkness.

Sunny and Roan followed, and soon, they saw the Great Hollows sprawling beneath them.

**********


                                Chapter 1882 Entering the Hollows
--------------------
The Hollows had undergone a striking transformation, looking very different from how they usually did.

There was still a vast and hollow expanse hidden inside the breastbone of the dead deity, drowning in darkness and overgrown with vermilion jungle. Monstrous trees and ferns towered like towers, the thick canopy of scarlet leaves fusing into a tumultuous red sea. Great pillars of light were falling from the immense dome of white bone here and there, plunging some areas of the jungle into a dim twilight.

However, there was a rainstorm raging on the surface today. So, the light was not the only thing pouring through the cracks in the bone — grandiose waterfalls flowed down into the jungle, as well, plunging into the vermilion canopy as they connected the floor of the Hollow to its dome akin to foaming pillars.

The jungle seemed to have come alive, quenching its boundless thirst. However, there was more water than it could swallow — vast lakes and deep, raging rivers had formed throughout Hollows, turning them into a world of powerful currents.

Some of the furious rivers were wider and more abundant than most rivers in the Sword Domain.

In fact, when the Hollows were flooded, a network of them connected the interior of the titanic skeleton like a great waterway — if one dared to sail the currents, they could slip through the cracks in the walls of the breastbone, be carried by water down one of the ribs, and dive into the colossal sea that collected in the endless spine of the dead god.

Luckily, that was not Sunny's goal today. He preferred to stay away from water on usual days, and he definitely did not want to have anything to do with the dark subterranean ocean resting in the gargantuan skeleton's spine.

Roan and Nephis were the first to reach ground. They landed on the shore of the deep lake that had formed below the fissure and dismissed their wings, preparing for battle. Sunny joined them a few moments later — assuming his human form, he commanded Serpent into the shape of an odachi and unleashed his shadow sense, scanning the chaotic world around him.

There were Nightmare Creatures nearby, hiding in the jungle. Some were drinking water, some were ravaging each other, some were brutally devouring struggling prey.

There were Nightmare Creatures in the water, as well. A few of them were already moving toward the surface, attracted by the smell of human souls.

He pointed to the lake.

"Get ready."

The three of them had already dealt with a score of reptilian horrors by the time the rest of the Saints arrived from above, using Memories to slow down their descent.

The strike force regrouped on the shore of the lake and prepared to move forward. Looking around, Saint Jest let out a heavy sigh.

"...And I thought that the humidity above was terrible. No, wait!"

His expression suddenly turned tense.

The rest of them looked at him with alarm.

"What is it, Sir Jest?"

The old man remained silent for a few moments, then said hesitantly:

"Entering, crack, humidity… bone… there had to be a joke here somewhere, right? Right?"

The same woman who had rebuked him earlier glowered.

"Sir Jest!"

The old man grinned.

"I bet Lord Shadow knows what I mean."

Sunny felt happy that his face was hidden behind a mask.

He was starting to understand how the old man had received his peculiar True Name.

'...I think I miss Effie.'

Suppressing the desire to shake his head, he turned south and took in the movements of the shadows in the surrounding jungle.

Initially, the expedition force had been meant to push all the way to the Third Rib, and enter the Hollows very close to the supposed location of the Citadel. However, Nephis had changed the plan to save time — now, they were much further north, near the Second Rib, which meant that the Saints had to cover a lot of distance to reach their goal.

It was not going to be easy.

Sunny was quite confident in the power of the Transcendent Team. He and Nephis alone were enough to deal with the Great abominations that dwelled in the Hollows, as long as they proceeded carefully. With a dozen Saints accompanying them, reaching the Citadel should not pose a problem.

The Cursed Nightmare Creatures, however, were entirely different.

Luckily, most of them were easy to avoid. With how far his shadow sense reached, Sunny could usually discover where the true horrors of Godgrave dwelled — mostly because Cursed abominations were so powerful that their mere existence exerted pressure on the world.

However, there was always an exception to the rule. More than that, he was worried that these dreadful beings would abandon their usual hunting grounds, lured by the presence of so many powerful human souls.

So, there was a choice to be made.

The strike team could move toward their goal with utmost speed by assuming their Transcendent forms, or they could take it slow and proceed forward as humans, spending several days to brave the jungle.Both options presented their own risks, and the final decision was entrusted to him, since he was supposed to be the guide.

Sunny hesitated.

He was tempted to go with the fastest approach because staying in the Hollows a minute longer than necessary was a gamble.

However… after three weeks of the never-ending battle, even the Saints were exhausted. Worse than that, they were all running low on essence, and not everyone was like him, who could sustain his Transcendent form indefinitely — or at least most of it, since keeping all of his incarnations manifested still consumed his essence.

Most Saints burned a considerable amount of it to maintain a Transformation, though. They weren't so drained that reaching the Citadel was impossible, but if they did go as fast as possible, everyone would be nearly spent by the time they reached it.

And Sunny had a feeling that slaying the guardian of the Gateway would demand more than a little effort, even from a team as powerful as this one.

So, going slowly and spending a few days restoring their reserves seemed like a more prudent decision.

'...Let's go with this plan, then.'

In any case, their advance could only be called slow when compared to the speed of their Transcendent forms. It was not like Saints actually lacked speed as humans.

Beckoning for the team to follow, Sunny chose a path and broke into a moderate sprint.

Soon, the lake on the shore disappeared behind the scarlet foliage, and the jungle enveloped them like a hungry veil.

**********


                                Chapter 1883 In His Element
--------------------
It took them four days to reach the designated area, which was a bit longer than Sunny had expected. His estimations had not accounted for the torrential flood that drowned the Hollows, turning the vast subterranean jungle into a darkly beautiful land of abundant rivers, deep lakes, and overgrown vermilion islands. Great pillars of pale light poured from above here and there, illuminating the wet foliage and the glistening surface of flowing water.

The flooding had caused the entire ecosystem of the Hollows to come alive. Many weaker Nightmare Creatures were forced to flee their dens and lairs because of the flooding, migrating to elevated ground in search of safety — there were fearsome predators lurking in the water, having waited a long time for the chance to hunt and gorge themselves once again.

However, the migrating abominations were easy prey for the stronger horrors who ruled the highlands, and many ended up devoured anyway. The Hollows were always a cruel place, but for these last few days, they had become a scene of unimaginable carnage. Rivers of blood were being spilled under the shroud of scarlet leaves, and terrible wails resounded from the. darkness without end.

The fourteen Saints made their way south. Sunny guided them through the jungle with utmost caution, but it was impossible to stay safe in this Vibrant hell. Every now and then, they had to wet their blades with blood — the abominations that attacked them were powerful, fierce, numerous... and, worst of all, devilishly cunning.

They were all old predators who had survived the unforgiving cruelty of the world above, and then spent countless years fighting for the right to exist in the twilight below.

Still... the carriers of the Nightmare Spell were much more terrifying beasts. None of the fourteen Saints was weak, and together, they were a force that even the dreadful dwellers of the Hollows had to be wary of. The conquest force killed countless Corrupted Nightmare Creatures and more than a few Great Ones, as well, moving south with constant speed.

As long as they did not encounter a Cursed abomination, the Saints were more than capable of contending with the perils of the ancient jungle.

It was not all bad, either.

Although the journey was full of peril and danger, the Transcendent champions were slowly restoring their reserves of essence. That was especially true for Sunny — the surface of Godgrave was eternally bathed in bright sunlight, but here in the Hollows, deep darkness reigned. Surrounded by shadows, he was in his source element, and could therefore absorb spirit essence from the air. They did not sleep for the first three days, but then cleared a small ruin and camped there to rest and prepare themselves for the assault on the Citadel.

By then, the storm had passed, and the great waterfalls flowing into the Hollows from the surface had run dry. The air was humid and hazy, permeated by sweltering heat. The resting Saints had dismissed the outer layers of their armor, making Sunny feel quite a bit of envy.

He was regretful at the fact that Serpent wasn't a titan yet — otherwise, he could have given it a command to assume the form of the Winter Beast, and solved the heat problem once and for all.

At least Sunny was mature enough now not to get flustered at the sight of so many gorgeous people wearing the minimum amount of clothing needed to preserve the dignity of their flawless bodies.

...Or rather, there was only one body he was interested in here.

To his mild surprise, the mood among the Saints was not tense at all. Instead, most were at ease, joking and laughing quietly as they shared food and water. A dire battle awaited them tomorrow, but these were the best warriors of the Sword Domain — they had braved harrowing Nightmares and the perils of the Dream Realm to attain Transcendence, so facing death was nothing new to them.

Sir Jest was in the middle of telling a story, gesturing with his cane to illustrate the most important points:

"When I contracted the Nightmare Spell, my mother thought that I was simply being lazy and didn't want to go to school — going to school was a big privilege back then, so needless to say, she was angry! That was how l ended up with a sore butt just before the First Nightmare. My mom might not have been an Awakened, but she really knew how to give a good beating..."

He chuckled with a wistful expression.

"Well, anyway, when I returned from the Nightmare and told people about battling demons in a magical world and possessing supernatural powers, they were very impressed. So impressed, in fact, that they sent me to a mental asylum... that's where I was when the Nightmare Creatures went on a rampage across the world. Mind you, kids, nobody even knew what Nightmare Creatures were back, let alone how to kill one. In fact, we weren't calling them Nightmare Creatures yet — instead, people still called them "the infected" out of habit..." The beautiful Saint who had been the least tolerant of the old man's jokes — Saint IIelie — was looking at him with a hint of admiration.

"Uncle Jest... wait. But shouldn't the Nightmare Creatures have appeared before the first Sleepers? How come nobody believed you?"

Her question was innocent enough, but it prompted Sir Rivalen to ask another. "And there should have been millions of people inexplicably falling asleep back then. Why would your mother think that you were simply being lazy?"

Roan added with a smile:

"Didn't they send you to a mental asylum long before you became a Sleeper, though? That is what you told the last time..."

Saint Jest looked at them in outrage.

"What do you even know, brats?! Stop ruining my story!"

Sunny smiled behind the mask.

He would have loved to stay and listen to the stories about the First Generation — no matter how unreliable the narrator was — but he had to concentrate on scouting the path to the Citadel.

So, he left the Saints to rest and wandered outside, sending two of his shadows south.

Unlike the other members of the conquest force, he was tense.

Both because the creature guarding the Citadel was truly terrifying, and because of another reason.

'I've made a mistake.‘ Back when Mordret invaded the Sword Domain, Sunny had been too hasty. He answered Cassie's call and arrived at the main camp of the Sword Army not knowing that his orders would change — instead of raiding Song's supply lines, he was here in the Hollows, preparing to help Anvil expand his Domain.

The problem was that the Lord of Shadows was here in all his glory — all four shadows that comprised this persona of his were here present.

Which meant that there was none left in the Nameless 'I‘emple.

Seishan and Death Singer were currently in the process of conquering a Citadel of their own, far west. Beastmaster was protecting the stronghold of the Song Army and slowly cleansing the western reach of the Collarbone Plain. Lightslayer had never shown herself after the war council, so he had no idea where she was.

The Queen of Worms was aware that the Lord of Shadows had allied himself to Valor. It wasn't hard to deduce that he would be used to disrupt their supply lines... was Revel leading a small force of elite warriors to repel the supposed raid party?

Or had she planned to assault the Nameless Temple itself?

If so...

It could be troublesome.

Sunny‘s Citadel was not defenseless, even if he wasn't there personally. Nightmare was protecting it. More importantly, it had the Guardian — the invisible being that no mere Saint could sense, let alone destroy.

And Sunny himself was much closer to the southern edge of the Breastbone Reach now than he had been before. He could return to the Nameless Temple relatively quickly, if need be. Better yet, he could travel to the waking world and step back into the great hall of the Nameless Temple in mere minutes.

But still, still...

Sunny was uneasy.

'I'll send a shadow back right after we conquer the Citadel. Just in case.‘ Losing the Nameless Temple was not an option, so he had to be careful. Frowning behind the mask, he turned his gaze south.

Tomorrow, they would face the guardian of the old ruin and challenge it in a battle...

And after that, the nature of the war in Godgrave would irrevocably change.

**********


                                Chapter 1884 Scarlet Garden
--------------------
They set out in the morning — which wasn't any different from the day in Godgrave. The jungle, which had been teeming with Nightmare Creatures before, gradually became quiet and eerily empty as they moved further south, making the Saints tense with its sudden tranquillity.

Even the plants, which were as predatory as the beasts in the scarlet jungle, remained still.

That was because the conquest force was entering the land which belonged to the master of the old ruin… the creature they were meant to defeat.

As they moved, Saint Jest happened to catch up with Sunny, who was leading the party. The old man was using his cane to swat away branches and vines, looking annoyed because of the heat and humidity.

"That guardian we're supposed to kill… what kind of creature was it again?"

Sunny turned his head briefly, giving Saint Jest an impassive look.

"I do not know. Although I explored the Hollows casually, I never failed to avoid getting too close to this place. All I can say is that the guardian of the Citadel is a Great Nightmare Creature of a higher Class… a Terror, perhaps. Maybe even a Titan."

The old man chewed his lips.

"A Great Terror, really? Gods, the world is changing… it used to be that the existence of such beings was merely a theory. In fact, I remember mocking a bunch of academics viciously for suggesting that something this unreasonable exists! And here I am, on my way to battle one. Who's the fool now, huh?"

Sunny smiled behind the mask.

"I'd say that we are all fools, for choosing to face such a creature voluntarily."

He paused for a moment, then added in his usual cold tone:

"Still, what's wrong with being a fool?"

Saint Jest gave him a surprised look, then laughed.

"Exactly! I couldn't have put it better myself. What a poignant sentiment… now, we just need to work on your delivery…"

Soon enough, the canopy of the jungle parted, and they found themselves on the shore of a vast lake. Dozens of rivers joined to form it, and even though the storm had already passed, the lake was still full and deep.

At the center of the lake, a tall structure rose from the water. It looked both like a beautiful temple and a grand castle... however, that castle was unlike any other that Sunny had seen.

Its walls were made out of pale wood instead of stone — not out of boards or logs, though. Instead, it was as if countless white trees had grown and fused into a seamless whole to form the shape of a towering structure.The entirety of it was one great keep that resembled a pagoda, with layers of tiled roofs, deep eaves, and triangular gables.

The crimson tiles of the sloped roofs were worn and faded, but they must have been vividly scarlet once, just like the canopy of the jungle. The white temple was overgrown with vermilion moss, with vines and tree branches protruding from the gaping holes in its broken roofs and empty windows. As such, it almost looked like a vertical garden that rested in the middle of the lake.

Sunny studied it with unease, but also with a sense of curiosity.

He wondered what purpose that beautiful structure had served once, before the civilization that thrived in the Hollows once was destroyed.

Was it a sacred place where people came to worship? A stronghold to protect them from the perils of the shattered world? A logistical hub where the ships sailing to the far reaches of the Hollows came to trade?

Considering how many rivers connected to the lake, the latter would make sense. Or maybe all three of his theories were true, and the garden temple served many purposes while it was tended to by the ancient people.

In any case…

Sunny was pretty sure that Godgrave had been a part of Sun God's realm once. As such, the civilization of the Hollows would have been infected by the Nightmare Spell, and destroyed as a consequence — just like the civilization of the Twilight Sea.

He had witnessed some of what these people had been capable of in the ruins of Condemnation. Although they had not possessed the technology and war machines of the waking world, the War God's realm, they were in many ways no less advanced than them… even superior in some regards, judging by the ingenious sorcery used to create the asuras.

Such a civilization had fallen, and now, Nightmare Creatures ruled over its ruins.

Whatever sacredness the garden castle had once contained was gone, replaced by vile corruption. And the abomination whose lair it had become would be a terrible one, without a doubt.

Sunny sighed and extended his shadow sense forward. Something was hiding there, behind the pale wooden walls… he could feel the eerie threat of it, but not much else.

'...Damnation.'

He would have really preferred if it hadn't rained, and they could reach the Citadel by walking. He was tired of diving into perilous lakes.

The Saints prepared for battle. Before too long,Saint Roan assumed his Transcendent Form — a beautiful lion with white fur and amber eyes suddenly appeared on the shore of the lake, the vital spots on his mighty body protected in an intricate armor. Turning his enormous head, the giant beast lowered one wind and allowed the rest of them to climb onto his wide back.

The only exceptions were Nephis, who summoned her wings, and Sunny, who turned into a crow.

The white lion let out a low, reverberating growl and pushed himself off the ground. A small hurricane was stirred by his wings, and he soared into the air, flying above the dark waters of the lake in the direction of the Citadel.

Sunny and Nephis followed.

…To his surprise, they reached the distant temple safely. The lake remained still, as if there were no swarms of dreadful abominations hiding in its depths. In fact, Sunny could not sense any movement in the water at all.

And yet, he could swear that it smelled faintly of blood. It almost felt like someone was watching him, as well.

They landed on the steps that led to the gates of the ruined Citadel. The Saints jumped to the ground, and Roan dismissed his Transformation.

Nephis took the lead and ventured forward with tense caution, holding her sword at the ready.

No one spoke, afraid to inform the enemy of their arrival.

They had just passed the gate and entered the echoing interior of the garden temple when Sunny finally sensed it…

Not a shadow, but a movement of all the shadows, as if a source of light was barreling toward them with terrible speed.

...Then, there was a flash, and an arrow that seemed to be woven of moonlight brushed past Nephis, piercing the chest of one of the Saints.

**********


                                Chapter 1885 Fortune Favors the Bold
--------------------
The arrow was aimed at Neph's head, but despite how fast it flew, she still managed to dodge it. The arrowhead left a long cut on her cheek, then pierced the chest of a Saint who stood behind her.

'Shot from elevation.‘

That was the first thought that crossed Sunny's mind, who had subconsciously traced the arrow's trajectory.

Then, for a few moments, everything moved too fast for him to think.

The wounded Saint let out a stifled yelp and started to fall, blood splattering on the wooden floor. His armor should have been robust enough to if not deflect, then at least dissipate the force of the arrow, so that it did not pierce too deeply. However, somehow, the moonlight arrow seemed to ignore the durability of the enchanted metal and the resilience of Transcendent flesh, killing him on the spot.

Just like that, a Saint died.

"Ambush!"

Before anyone else could react, Sunny called upon the shadows and summoned an impenetrable wall in front of them. Almost instantly, two more ethereal arrows struck it, the impacts producing thunderous bangs. That wall of shadows quaked and cracked.

Nephis was already moving.

Strangely enough, she wasn't lunging into the darkness to shorten the distance between her and the hidden archer. Instead, she was spinning around, searching for something beyond the gates of the castle.

The thin cut on her cheek was yet to fill with blood, glowing softly with ethereal, pale light.

"Shield Wall! "

Her sword was pointing to the outside.

A split second after Sunny's wall materialized, Sir Rivalen had already answered her call. The air behind them shimmered, and an invisible force field manifested itself in the gateway of the Citadel. Its faint contours resembled a grid of ghostly, interlocked shields...

But before the shields closed, two more arrows — these ones made out of wood and steel, not moonlight — slid into the swiftly narrowing gaps, striking two more Saints in the back.

One struck the thin gap between the edge of a man's breastplate and his helmet, piercing his neck. The other hit the crack between the front half of a cuirass and the back half, slithering its way through the victim's ribs.

The level of accuracy needed to perform such shots was unimaginable.

The first Saint was killed instantly, but the second survived despite the heavy injury. Still, he was temporarily rendered powerless — unless a potent healer spent time treating his wound, he would not be participating in the battle. Finally, the two bodies fell to the floor. The moonlight arrow dimmed and dissolved into nothingness, leaving a haunting afterglow in its wake. The cut on Neph's cheek swelled with blood... the conquest team, reduced to twelve members in an instant, was now protected from all sides by the barrier of shadows and Saint Rivalen's invisible aegis.

For a moment, nothing happened.

They possessed a devastating amount of power, but surrounded and not knowing where to aim it, the champions of the Sword Domain found themselves in an awkward position.

Sunny was holding the serpentine odachi, ready to act. Nephis was standing still, a deep scowl on her face... there was something off about her, but he could not immediately tell what.

Saint IIelie, the stern woman who had chastised Iest of Dagonet for his jokes, had nocked an arrow on the string of her bow. The old man himself had twisted the handle of his cane, revealing it to be a hidden sword. Golden arcs of electricity were dancing around Roan's ironclad figure, illuminating his handsome, somber face.

Rivalen of Aegis Rose was kneeling near the wounded Saint, protecting the man with his shield.

'...Why can't I sense anything?‘

Sunny felt grim apprehension at his failure to detect the enemies in advance. By now, it was clear that what had attacked them was no Nightmare Creature... No. They were humans.

Transcendent champions of Song.

His eyes widened slightly, and a crooked smile twisted his lips behind the mask. 'How daring...‘

Everyone expected the leaders of the Song Army, which had been losing the war at first, to concentrate all their forces on conquering the Citadel on the western edge of the dead god's collarbone — after all, it was quite close to their camp. And they had. However, it seemed that they had gone after the Citadel in the northern reach of the titanic skeleton's breastbone as well, sending a small team to infiltrate it in secret and ambush the Sword Army's conquest force.

A bold strategy, especially considering how hard it would have been for a handful of Saints to reach this far into the Hollows without the support of an army.

But...

Did they really hope to survive a battle against Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan and the Lord of Shadows?

Boldness did not always pay off.

Sunny would have expected Nephis to heal the wounded Saint, but instead, she raised her sword and said evenly:

"Reveal yourself."

For a moment, he was stunned by the childishness of her demand. Why would the enemy laying in the ambush reveal their well—hidden position and give up the advantage?

He would certainly never respond to her call.

However... perhaps, he did not understand something about the world.

Because in the next moment, he finally sensed the shadows moving again as something massive flew at them from the darkness of the ancient temple.

An enormous creature soared above the wooden floor and then plummeted down, crashing into the wall of shadows with a deafening boom. The barrier finally crumbled, and Sunny saw the shape of the dead thing as it sprawled motionlessly on the floor.

It was a towering, vaguely humanoid abomination wrapped in a billowing dark robe. Elements of intricate silver armor covered its long arms and slender torso, and six pairs of beautiful grey wings extended from its back, laying on the floor in a broken, bloodied mess.

It must have been great and harrowing once. But now...

It was dead.

The winged giant had not leaped at the barrier of shadows. It was simply tossed at it by someone's powerful hand, discarded like a sack of dead flesh.

Sunny's expression darkened.

'This... is the guardian of the Citadel.‘

There were no moonlight arrows flying at them from somewhere above. Instead, there was the sound of steps.

Then, a slender silhouette walked out of the darkness, piercing the twelve Saints with a cold and arrogant look.

She was a breathtaking woman with raven—black hair and eyes that seemed to be cut from pure obsidian. Her slender body was encased in a suit of dark leather armor, and she wielded a curved sword akin to a tachi, its pommel mapped in a black silk cord.

With her alabaster skin, exquisite beauty, and cold expression, she was undeniably stunning... but, more than that, her presence was vast and oppressive, like the lightless expanse of a boundless, dark ocean.

The woman met N eph's gaze and spoke loudly:

"I am Revel, the Lightslayer."

Then, her alluring lips twisted slightly into a semblance of a dark, joyless smile. She pointed her sword forward and said, her voice full of aloof coldness: "...Welcome to the Song Domain."

And as the words left her mouth, the corpse of the Great Terror suddenly stirred.

The bodies of the two slain Saints stirred, as well, reaching toward their former comrades with murderous, dead hands.

**********


                                Chapter 1886 Dark Dancer
--------------------
'Damn it.'

Lightslayer had already taken the Citadel...

And, therefore, Ki Song's Domain had already descended on Godgrave.

There were a couple more conclusions Sunny made in the split moment before Revel's words resounded in the darkness of the ancient castle and the corpses came alive, but there was not much time to contemplate.

Since Revel was here, then the first arrow must have been shot by Moonveil. The two from behind... had to be Silent Stalker.

Who else was here?

Three Saints, no matter whether they were the Queen's daughters, were not enough to take on the conquest force of the Sword Army... even with the element of surprise on their side. Unless Ki Song was here personally, he struggled to understand what their plan was.

And she couldn't be here in person — for the simple reason that only two of the fourteen Saints had died, not all of them.

The corpses of the two slain champions came alive, lunging at their former comrades. They did not accomplish much, though — as soon as they had stirred, Neph's sword beheaded one, while the other was gruesomely dismembered by Saint Jest's cane sword. It happened in a heartbeat, so swift that Sunny did not even notice the thin blade move.

The corpse of the Great Terror was blasted back by a blinding bolt of lightning that Roan seemed to have sent flying from his sword. The creature was delayed, but not destroyed.

The rest of the Sword Saints all exploded with motion, dispersing as they summoned the power of their Aspects or assumed their Transcendent forms. Suddenly, the area in front of the castle gates felt very overcrowded.

Sunny noticed Saint Rivalen, in his heavily armored rhino form, ramming into the wooden gates of the ancient stronghold and barreling straight through them, on his way to challenge Silent Stalker.

Saint Helie's Transcendent form was that of a towering, graceful centaur — pushing herself into a leap with four hooves, she simultaneously let an arrow loose.

He did not waste much time watching, though.

His target was Revel.

Before IIelie's arrow could strike, Sunny already stepped through the shadows while lashing out with his odachi. There was a heavy feeling in his chest — if his last conclusion was correct, than this would be his only chance to end the battle easily.

Sadly, Lightslayer was too swift, and too skilled. Dancing away with an easy step, he deflected his blow with her sharp do despite the sudden and unpredictable nature of his attack. He also dodged Helie's arrow with the same motion.

"The Lord of Shadows, I presume..."

Her husky voice remained calm.

Sunny cursed inwardly.

In the next moment, a deafening howl seemed to shatter the world, and a bestial silhouette leaped from somewhere above, landing between the Saints of the Sword Domain.

A light smile twisted Revel's lips.

"...You're mine."

With that...

A tide of pure darkness suddenly drowned everything around them — true, elemental darkness. It suffocated Sunny's shadow sense, turned him blind, and at the same time cut him off from his source element.

A split second later, he felt space itself become twisted around him, and suddenly, the clangor of battle grew distant. It was as if he was transported somewhere else in the castle, separating him from the rest of the conquest force.

He didn't know whether that was some Memory Revel used, a power of another Song Saint, or a Component of the lake Citadel. However, he knew that wherever he was, there was someone else there with him.

'True darkness...'

True darkness was the natural enemy of shadows. With how unique and varied Aspects were, Sunny knew that he would run into an Awakened with affinity to it sooner or later. He also guessed what was happening after failing to sense the ambush and see Revel until she stepped in front of the Saints of the Sword Domain.

Why did it have to be one of Ki Song's daughters, of all people? What did darkness even have to do with the lineage of Beast God, which the princesses of Song all seemed to share despite not being related to the Queen by blood? Luckily... he wasn't defenseless against elemental darkness, either.

Sunny released his odachi and let it fall to the ground. Before it did, Serpent abandoned the Soul Weapon form and turned into a Nightmare Creature that resembled an enormous firefly — one of the Corrupted abominations Sunny had killed a long time ago, in the Burned Forest.

Darkness might have been the natural enemy of shadows, but it feared light. Serpent's body ignited with brilliant radiance, chasing the darkness away — instantly, Sunny could see that he was standing in the middle of a vast, overgrown hall. Roots and scarlet vines grew through the cracked walls, the bulging floor, and the broken ceiling, making it seem like the thick of the jungle. Lightslayer was standing a few meters away, looking at him with the same aloof expression.

Her darkness had retreated, but it was not vanquished — instead, it flowed around them like a dark cloud, suffocating the light produced by Serpent. For now, there seemed to be a fragile balance between the two elements, with neither being able to destroy the other.

Sunny smiled behind his mask as Saint and Fiend rose from his shadows.

"You didn't really think that would work, did you?"

Revel studied Saint for a few moments, then nodded.

"No. I didn't."

With that, two figures suddenly stepped out from behind her.

Sunny's heart grew cold.

Standing on both sides of Revel, the Lightslayer — the first of Ki Song's daughters to reach Transcendence — were...

Two perfect copies of her.

They were both beautiful, clad in dark leather armor, with raven-black hair and obsidian eyes... dark, cold, and breathtaking.

Suddenly, there were three of Revel in front of him... or one Revel and her two incarnations.

It was as if Sunny was looking at his own reflection.

His eyes widened slightly.

'Reflection...‘

In the next moment, the Reflections unleashed two tides of darkness of their own, and suddenly, the light was overpowered...

****

On the stone steps outside the ancient Citadel, several Saints were battling the elusive Silent Stalker.

Beyond the gates, the rest of them were entangled in a ferocious fight against three bestial monsters. One of them was Lonesome Howl, another of Ki Song's daughters. The other two were Mordret's Reflections. The corpse of the dead Great Terror was also there — damaged, but unrelenting.

Deeper in the hall, Saint Jest of Dagonet was facing a towering gargoyle. The creature's noble face, which seemed to be carved from grey stone, bore a distant and somber expression.

The old man grinned.

"The Saint of Sorrow, huh?"

The gargoyle lowered its head slightly.

Saint Jest shook his head dejectedly.

"Goodness... that girl Ravensong just had to send the dullest man in the world to fight against me. How mean..."

And somewhere else, on the highest floor of the majestic castle...

Nephis was surrounded by three delicate young women. Each of them had enchanting features, white hair, and beautiful eyes that seemed to glimmer with the afterglow of pale moonlight.

Neph's check was still cut, the left side of her face painted with blood.

She touched the cut briefly and looked at her fingers, frowning at the sight of blood.

"...Are you Princess Moonveil?"

All three of the young women smiled.

However, only one spoke:

"Indeed. However..."

The pale radiance of her eyes slowly dimmed, turning them into two gaping windows into an abyssal, lightless void.

Suddenly, the hall seemed colder, darker, and full of echoing emptiness.

"I am also called the Black Moon. That name, I think, suits me better."

Nephis looked at her fingers again. There was no radiance beneath her skin. The blade of her sword remained dull, devoid of incandescent light. ...Her wound wasn't healing.

**********


                                Chapter 1887 Never Before
--------------------
A terrible battle was raging on the grounds of the mystical castle, making the Citadel groan and quake. Its ancient walls were cracking, and crimson tails were raining from the sloped roofs, falling into the surging waters of the deep lake. The dim twilight of the Hollows was torn apart by flashes of blinding light.

On the edge of the foaming water, a taciturn woman in a black hunting attire was calmly drawing her bow as an enormous rhino was barrelling at her down the stone stairs, shattering the weathered steps into dust as he charged. Unshaken, the woman silently released the wet string. It shot forward, leaving a string-shaped cloud of water droplets behind — the twisting arrow pierced the humid air and unerringly struck the rhino's right eye just moments before the giant beast rammed its horn through her chest.

The beast was cunning, though. It shut one of his eyes just before the arrow hit — the arrowhead spent most of its destructive force to penetrate the heavy eyelid, damaging the rhino‘s eye, but failing to kill him on the spot.

His furious bellow shook the world as blood flowed down its snout.

However, before the rhino could impale the huntress on his horn, she finally moved.

In the next moment, a giant black panther leaped on the charging giant, tore the tough hide on his neck and back with her claws, and soared into the air. Landing on the wall of the castle, the panther ran up its surface, then spun and pushed herself into another jump in a blink of an eye. Splinters of wood flew in all directions, and a black blur shot toward the ground, where two more Saints had just emerged from the broken gates...

A powerful tremor shook the entire Citadel, and a devastating shockwave rolled from the darkness inside, pulverizing the debris of the gates into fine dust.

The clash between Shield Wall and Silent Stalker would have been a harrowing sight for many — after all, it wasn't often that two Saints fought each other... or at least it had not been before the Domain War.

But today, it was just a minor spectacle happening on the fringes of the true battle.

Inside the castle, a hell that humanity had never witnessed before was blossoming in all its dreadful, murderous glory.

Eight Transcendent champions of the Sword Domain had clashed with Lonesome Howl of the Song Clan and the Saint of Sorrow, aided by two Reflections sent by Mordret, the Prince of Nothing. These many human Transcendents had never fought before.

The violent forces released by the clash of the Saints had wrecked the interior of the ancient Citadel, turning it into a scene of utter destruction — it might have withstood the fall of the civilization that had built it, the ruthless reality of the Hollows, and thousands of years of desolation, but it was slowly coming undone under the obliterating carnage of the bloody battle.

The wooden walls were cracking. The floor was on the verge of collapsing. The ceiling of the grand hall was crumbling, supported only by the vines and the roots of the trees that had permeated the sacred castle over the countless years. Lonesome. Howl's Transcendent form was that of a giant, monstrous wolf. Her fur was black like the night sky, and her bestial eyes were burning with frenzied red flame. Terrifying fangs were glistening in her enormous maw, each taller than an adult man.

They were already painted scarlet by fresh blood.

The princess of Song herself had clashed with a noble lion, the two of them entangled into a devastating hurricane of white and black. Bolts of lightning were dancing in the air, and steaming blood was spilling on the shattered floor, flowing into the bowels of the ancient Citadel.

The two Reflections had assumed the forms of terrifying black wolves, as well. Only... unlike Lonesome Howl, who was a Transcendent Beast, both of them were Supreme ones.

They lacked the will and ingenuity of humans, but were much stronger. More than that, both of them possessed the divine lineage of Beast God, just like the princess of Song did, and therefore, the Saints of Swords could not overpower the Reflections despite their numerical advantage.

And worst of all...

The corpse of the Great Terror slain by the Song sisters was moving, as well, risen by malevolent will, indifferent to pain, and nearly indestructible.

The bodies of two Saints that had been killed in the ambush were moving too. The one dismembered by Jest of Dagonet was struggling weakly on the ground, unable to rise... the one beheaded by Changing Star's sword, however, stood up slowly, blood flowing down his lustrous breastplate from his severed neck. A moment later, he lunged at the nearest human, sinking his fingers into their flesh.

Startled and momentarily immobilized, the grabbed Saint activated one of his Aspect Abilities to sever the dead man's arms. However, he did not receive a chance to — because of the delay, he failed to evade in time, and the paw of a frenzied wolf crashed into him, ripping open his armor, chest, and throat.

The bloodied corpse fell to the ground...

...A few moments later, though, it moved, slowly rising backup.

Saint Jest observer] the harrowing scene with a wry expression.

Turning back to the towering gargoyle he had been fighting, the old man smiled.

"How vexing. Not only is my Aspect useless against you, but you are even protecting the she—wolf pup against me. And that stone body of yours refuses to be cut. Ha! If that is not. irony, then I don't know what is..."

Then, his smile slowly turned dark, sinister, and eerily chilling.

"But you know, Sorrow's son..."

Something moved beneath Jest's clothes, and his form suddenly started to change, ripping them apart.

His voice had changed, as well, growing deep and inhuman:

"The funny thing is, that only makes me want to cut you open more..."

There was a deafening crash somewhere above them, and the Citadel shook once again — this time much more violently than before. A section of its outer walls collapsed, revealing the interior of several overgrown floors.

A tide of darkness spilled from one of them, followed by two falling figures.

**********


                                Chapter 1888 A Neat Trick
--------------------
Sunny was troubled.

Not only because he was facing Revel the Lightslayer and two Reflections, separated from the rest of the group and having no clue how Nephis was doing, but also because the familiar voice in his head was silent.

[Cassie?]

There was no answer.

Either the Song sisters had a way to isolate those who entered the Citadel from the outside world — be it because of the Citadel itself, a mysterious facet of the Queen's Domain, or some other means — or something else was happening on the surface, not allowing Cassie to split her attention.

In any case, at that moment, Sunny realized that he had grown both accustomed and reliant on having the blind seer be his invisible companion.

Her silence made him feel uneasy.

But there was no time to dwell on that...

Because Revel was already attacking.

The true darkness summoned by her and the two Reflections had overpowered the light emanating from Serpent, drowning the overgrown hall once again. The giant firefly's body grew dim and bleak, its radiance snuffed out. Even the infernal glow of Fiend's fire was extinguished.

Sunny was blind once again... he just barely managed to manifest a sword from the shadows before they were consumed by the darkness.

He took a step back and moved his odachi. In the next moment, a violent impact reverberated through his bones, and he felt a sharp blade being blocked by his own. Twisting it into a bind, Sunny calmly shifted his weight and delivered a crushing forward kick — there was the sound of soft soles scraping against wood, as if someone had leaped back, and his kick struck nothing but air. Almost at the same time, he heard an irritated growl, and a long jet of red flame momentarily pushed the darkness away, revealing the silhouettes of the fighters.

Saint had moved to protect Serpent from the deadly attack launched by one of the Reflections — just as the hall became briefly enveloped in dim red glow, a sharp do sword landed on her shield, sending a powerful shockwave rolling outward and tearing the ancient roots apart.

Fiend had been weakened by true darkness, as well — the jet of flame he spat failed to catch the second Reflection, and it leaped into the air, delivering a flying kick to his wide chest. Another shockwave cracked the floor, and the steel giant staggered back.

Both Reflections looked like the darkly beautiful Princess Revel.

But Revel herself was standing in front of Sunny, just a few meters away.

As both of them ignored the shockwaves and the light of Fiend's flame died out, her cold voice resounded in the darkness:

"...Neat trick"

She sounded both impressed by and indifferent to the fact that he had managed to deflect her first attack despite being blinded by the darkness.

A moment later, her voice drowned in the deafening cacophony of his Shadows battling Mordret‘s Reflections.

'Crap...‘

Sunny shifted his stance and defended his side. There was another impact, and although he prevented Revel's blade from biting into his armor, its tip still scraped against the Onyx Mantle, pushing him back and almost throwing him off balance.

The reason Sunny was able to defend himself against the Lightslayer was simple — it was a combination of his experience and Shadow Dance, as well as the threefold augmentation of his shadows. He might not have had the time to glean the true essence of her battle style, but he knew enough to predict where she would attack from, and how.

...More or less. She was too swift and powerful to be a mere Saint, which meant that her Aspect was granting her some kind of augmentation of her own.

Still, Revel's sword was very similar to a tachi, and Sunny knew how to wield one very well. Her Aspect, meanwhile, seemed to allow her impossible freedom of movement within the darkness — a trait reminiscent of the Black Knight of the ruined cathedral, whom Sunny had killed many years ago... as well as his own Shadow Step, in a way.

In fact, Sunny and Revel even looked somewhat alike. It was not that their features were that similar — there were plenty of pale people with raven hair and dark eyes in the world. It was just that they shared a certain bleak style. After all, shadows could easily be mistaken for true darkness, and vice versa. That was why Sunny could tell how she would try to kill him, to a degree. He simply defended against what he himself would do.

It had worked until now...

But how much longer would it preserve his life?

Without shadow sense, he could not peer into Revel's intentions with Shadow Dense. Without sight, he couldn't see what she was doing. She could betray his expectations and deliver a subpar attack just to throw off his predictions. She could gain an edge over him by simply being patient.

She could even neglect him entirely and move to dispatch one of his Shadows from behind first.

'Damn it!‘

Sunny had not felt so powerless in a long, long time.

The Citadel groaned and quaked around them. He clashed with Lightslayer a few more times, barely managing to avoid death in the barrage of insidious, lethal attacks. Her swordsmanship was stellar, and her mastery of combat was fearsome. He blocked or deflected some blows and weakened the impact of the rest — Revel's sword rattled his body and left scars on the surface of the Onyx Mantle, but his armor held.

The sharp blade did slide into its cracks a couple of times, causing him torturous pain, but dealing little damage.

"That‘s... one vile enchantment...‘

Revel's sword seemed to infect everything it touched with a plague of potent poisons, causing unbearable pain, paralysis, wasting, and necrosis all at the same time.

Blood Weave devoured them hungrily, preventing any of the poisons from spreading to his heart.

A cold scoff came from the darkness.

"...Are you even human? I can't smell your blood at all."

Sunny smiled crookedly behind his mask.

"Human? No... I am just a shadow. Shadows don't really bleed."

Despite his smile, he was grim. Surviving Revel's onslaught was useless — the initiative was fully on her side, and his Shadows were being tied down by Mordret's Reflections. At least one of them had to be Supreme, it seemed... otherwise, Saint would have destroyed her enemy already.

If this went on, he was going to lose.

And then, he would die.

Well, not really. At least one of his shadows would be destroyed, leaving Sunny weakened and an incarnation short.

But he would most likely survive.

Even if all four of the shadows were killed, Sunny's soul would not collapse -— after all, it was fortified by Soul Weave. A normal human's soul would crumble and dissipate if its integrity was violated too severely, but he was different. As long as at least a shred of Sunny's soul remained, it would be able to one day restore itself.

However...

What about the rest of the Saints of the conquest force? What about Roan? ...What about Nephis?

He needed to think of something. A tactical shift... a new strategy.

Sunny gritted his teeth.

Then... he gave his Shadows a mental command.

A moment later, Fiend turned around, rushed blindly at the wall of the overgrown hall, and collided with it at terrible speed.

The great weight of the towering devil and his Supreme power caused the entire Citadel to quake. An entire section of the castle's wall collapsed, and Fiend — as well as the Reflection pursuing him — tumbled outside, falling into the distant lake.

In the chaos, Serpent scurried toward Saint and leaped into the air, turning into a serpentine odachi. Saint dismissed her dark blade and grasped the hilt of the odachi with an unshaken fist.

And Sunny...

Sunny released the hold on his avatar, allowing the Lord of Shadows to turn into a one.

The true darkness consumed the wild shadows, but it could not consume Sunny's own — just like he could not command or manifest the shadows of living beings.

If his true body was here, he would not have been able to assume an intangible form, since there were no shadows for him to dive into. But the Lord of Shadows was a manifested avatar — therefore, his natural form was that of a shadow, to begin with.

So, Sunny was able to abandon the physical form without losing control of the incarnation. He had become a shadow in the depths of a sea of darkness.

For a moment, there were four shadows — haughty and his three companions — drowning in the that sea. It felt eerie and unpleasant, as though something was gnawing at Sunny's very soul.

However, he could still control the avatar.

So, he did something that he had never tried before.

Followed by the other three shadows, he crawled across the floor in the direction where Saint was fighting against the Reflection...

And wrapped himself around her body, fusing with it like any other of his shadows would.

**********


                                Chapter 1889 Heart of Stone
--------------------
True darkness was Sunny's natural enemy.

However, to Saint, it was a weapon.

Because she had been born in the Underworld, where darkness reigned.

[Heart of Darkness] Attribute Description: "A vestige of an ancient darkness dwells in this Shadow's heart, granting her tenebrous powers."

[Mantle of Darkness] Ability Description: "Darkness embraces this Shadow. When surrounded by darkness, and true darkness more so, her swiftness and might will increase. Her wounds will be healed, and her heart will grow fuller." [Blade of Darkness] Ability Description: "The true darkness dwelling in this Shadow's heart can be summoned in the form of a fearsome weapon, as long as the Shadow has mastered the use of that weapon. The Blade of Darkness can slay those of flesh and those of spirit; it never dulls, never falters, and never breaks. Alternatively, the darkness can be summoned to augment a mundane weapon." ...When Revel summoned the tide of elemental darkness, Sunny's powers were suppressed. Fiend and Serpent were weakened, as well.

But Saint only grew stronger.

There were not one, but three sources of true darkness around the graceful stone knight — the Lightslayer and two Reflections who had mirrored her Aspect. Therefore, Saint's heart was overflowing with power. Her body was nourished by the darkness, growing stronger, faster, and more enduring.

Most importantly of all, she wasn't blinded by the darkness — instead, her perception had only become sharper.

That was why Sunny had abandoned his usual ways. In most battles, he himself played the role of the main blade of the Shadow Cohort — while the Shadows supported him, it was his task to deliver the fatal blow.

But in the sea of elemental darkness, Saint was the best and only option. The rest of them were not only an inferior choice, but also a liability... so, Sunny had chosen to remove himself from the battle, betting everything on Saint.

The taciturn knight was already empowered by the darkness. Now, three of his shadows had bestowed their blessings upon her.

And, lastly, Sunny did something that he had never done before — turning into a shadow, be wrapped himself around her stonelike body, hoping to add the fourth blessing to the other three.

Surprisingly, it worked.

Sunny felt himself... fusing with Saint, like his shadows had done in the past. It was a strange and indescribable feeling — not unpleasant, though. Rather, it felt natural and even a little euphoric, as if he was doing something that he had always been meant to do.

Not that he could have, before becoming a Saint. Even now, Sunny did not know if something like that would have been possible if he attempted the fusion with his original body instead of a shadow incarnation.

Suddenly, he found himself split between two conscious states. One of them was that of himself — he was aware of his existence and identity, and although he could not quite sense the bounds of his intangible form, he knew that it was there. If he wished, he could move away from Saint, regaining his independence.

The other state, however...

He would have gasped if he possessed a mouth to do so.

Sunny had become one with the graceful stone knight.

He was not in control of her body, but he shared her perception of the world. He could feel the coolness of the intricate onyx armor where it touched his stonelike skin, the subdued depth of the great power dwelling in his flawless body, the warmth of the divine flame that burned in his chest like an eternal engine, the flow of ruby dust in his veins.

He could also hear everything Saint heard, which was more than even a Transcendent human could, and see everything she saw. His field of Vision was somewhat obstructed by the narrow slit of the Visor of his helmet, but still surprisingly wide.

Everything seemed different from how Sunny remembered it, not only because Saint's eyes were not at all like his, but also because she was much taller than any human, and her point of view was much higher.

Sunny could also feel the more esoteric parts of her perception — the mass of darkness that dwelled in his heart, the flow of it around him, and other things there which had no names in the human language.

It was probably what Cassie experienced when she used her Ascended Ability and shared all senses with another being.

Saint was much more similar to a human than Sunny would have expected. However, at the same time, the structure of her body and her senses were entirely alien, and would have made him dizzy if not for the fact that Sunny had already become accustomed to inhuman perspectives through Shadow Dance and his extensive use of Shadow Shell.

Only, this way, he was submerged into the alien point of view much deeper, further, and more comprehensively than ever before. It was quite a revelation. In any case, it was... exhilarating. Sunny's own body was a well—oiled machine tempered in countless battles to be a perfect vessel for him, a pinnacle of athletic achievement — it was responsive, strong, nimble, enduring, properly conditioned, and most of all Transcendent. However, Saint's physicality was something different.

She was a masterpiece created by the Demon of Choice, after all.

Her being was more solid, monolithic, and purposeful. It was a work of art as much as it was a living thing, and now, its power was further enhanced both by the darkness and by the shadows.

Sunny could also sense faint echoes of Saint's unshakeable will.

He could feel it...

Her calmness, her cold confidence, her pride. A hint of recognition she felt while facing Revel... because Revel was a Beast‘s spawn, and Saint had battled others of her kin in the great war of old.

'How strange.‘

Sunny could not read Saint's thoughts, but he did understand something about her. It was that the memories of her past life were not entirely gone. However, they weren't entirely there, either... not quite erased, by dim and faint, like a distant dream. A dream that someone else had dreamt, perhaps.

Before she was a Shadow.

It was a mercy, no doubt, considering that most of those memories were tainted by the madness of Corruption.

As a Shadow...

Saint gripped the hilt of the Soul Serpent. The black odachi rippled and shifted its form, turning into a heavy straight sword. Then, a stream of darkness flowed from

under her gauntlet, enveloping the sharp blade and fusing with the stygian steel.

She turned her head and faced her two enemies — Princess Revel of the Great

Clan Song and the abominable creature that mirrored her existence.

Then, Saint stared them down with cold indifference, calmly raised her sword, and

struck it twice against the rim of her shield.

Sharing her senses, Sunny trembled with excitement.

'...I think I understand why she does it now.'

Honestly, it felt rather cool.

**********


                                Chapter 1890 Dark Tide
--------------------
Now that Sunny could see through Saint's eyes, the ravaged hall of the ancient Citadel was revealed to him once again. It had changed drastically in a short span of time…

The outer wall was partially missing, torn open by Fiend's charge. Splinters and debris littered the cracked floor. The scarlet vines and the roots of the trees that had protruded from the ceiling were decimated, filling the air with a sweet fragrance while they bled viscous — and undoubtedly toxic — sap.

Everything was drowning in darkness.

Before, Sunny had always seen darkness like a billowing cloud of nothingness — an impenetrable black barrier that was uniform and featureless, obscuring the world from his senses. However, now, he saw it in a new light… or rather, the opposite of light.

To Saint's eyes, darkness was rich and full of nuance. It flowed all around them, its fluid torrents creating beautiful patterns in the air. Moving, ebbing, changing… almost like a living creature. The dark splendor of that scene was subtle and breathtaking.

Sadly, Sunny had no time to enjoy the beauty of darkness, because Lightslayer was not wasting even a moment.

To his surprise, Revel herself was like a part of the elemental darkness she had unleashed. When she moved, her body seemed to become one with the flow of it, dissolving into ethereal dark liquid before coalescing back into a tangible form — because of that, she could travel to any point in the hall with such tremendous speed that it almost seemed instantaneous.

The Reflection, which mirrored her appearance perfectly, was the same.

'A movement Aspect Ability? Or a partial Transformation?'

Sunny did not know.

A split second later, Saint was attacked from both sides.

Revel was far too strong and powerful for a Transcendent Beast, which meant that at least one of the Abilities granted her a physical augmentation — quite similar to Saint's own [Mantle of Darkness]. Although it was hard to judge, Sunny suspected that the extent of that augmentation was greater than even Effie's own potent physical enhancement.

Effie's Dormant Ability was universal, though, while Revel's seemed to only work within the bounds of true darkness. So, there was some kind of balance to her unreasonably powerful Aspect, at least.

Of course, another of her Abilities allowed her to summon a flood of elemental darkness to anywhere she was. That was quite a problem.

Revel attacked from the left, while the Reflection attacked from the right.Both strikes were insidious, devastating, and potent… however, Saint was undeterred.

Blocking one blow with her shield and deflecting another with her sword, she easily avoided the sharp blades and took a small step while shifting her weight. Simultaneously, she bent the elbow of her sword arm and rotated her wrist, binding Revel's sword and pulling her closer.

Although Saint faced two powerful enemies alone, her own augmented power was no less fearsome than theirs. On top of that, she was much taller than both of them, and possessed much greater mass.

As for her skill… she wasn't called a Battle Master without reason.

[Battle Master] Attribute Description: "Born on the battlefield, the Onyx Saint is proficient in all forms of combat."

Her actions, while small and frugal, allowed her to create a little distance between herself and the Reflection while simultaneously drawing closer to Revel. With their swords still entangled in a bind, she ruthlessly struck with the rim of her shield, aiming to crack open Revel's skull.

Lightslayer was forced to disengage — dissolving into a torrent of fluid darkness, she instantly moved several meters back. At the same time, the Reflection used the opportunity to deliver a blow to Saint's momentarily unprotected side.

But the graceful knight was already bringing her shield back, pushing the enemy's blade down with its rim. The sharp do scraped fruitlessly against the side of her greave.

The whole clash took less than a heartbeat.

And in the next dozen seconds, countless clashes like that happened in an unceasing succession, turning the dark hall of the ancient castle into a scene of chilling destruction.

The thunderous sounds of clashing steel fused into a deafening litany. Powerful shockwaves spread in all directions, decimating what little tendrils of the scarlet infestation there were left. The ceiling crumbled, and the floor collapsed.

The Citadel had obviously been built from mystical materials, considering that it withstood the passage of time and countless disasters that must have befallen it in the Hollows — and yet, it could not withstand the violent forces unleashed by the battle.

Sunny was in awe.

He had never had a chance to experience someone else's battle skill so clearly, so vividly, and so intimately. And it wasn't just anyone's skill, at that — it was the sublime technique of Saint herself, who was one of the most fearsome warriors he had ever met.

Measured, calculated, and insidiously lethal.Solid, grounded, and explosively destructive.

It was both a joy and a privilege, to be exposed to such excellence without any barriers. To not only observe how Saint fought, but also feel and experience it as if her body was his own, as was her will.

Granted… the actual situation was quite dire.

Saint plummeted through the broken floor and landed heavily on the wooden surface of the level below, which cracked slightly under her prodigious weight. Splinters and debris rained down, and darkness flowed from above, swiftly drowning everything around.

Her intricate onyx armor was battered, its surface covered my cracks in a few places. There was some ruby dust scattered across the polished surface, as well — she had received several wounds. Luckily, her wounds were able to heal faster when surrounded by true darkness, and since Revel and her Reflections had generously provided copious amounts of the rare element, those shallow cuts were already healed.

Her two enemies followed, coalescing from the torrents of darkness and immediately resuming their assault.

Neither side had a decisive advantage — while Saint was being pressed by Revel and the Reflection, she was like an indomitable wall of stonelike metal. Their attacks shattered against her shield and armor, while her own blade was a lethal threat.

Sadly, Saint wasn't able to harm either of her adversaries in turn. For the moment, the furious battle had reached a fragile stalemate.

A few moments later, both Lightslayer and the Reflection disengaged, their raven-black hair flying in the wind. Revel paused for a moment and looked at Saint, a harsh expression settling on her beautiful face.

The Princess of Song remained silent for a second, then said in a low tone:

"A creature of darkness… just where did that man find you?"

Sunny did not have to answer, and Saint wasn't going to, either.

She stared down at Revel with her usual indifference, then raised her sword slightly, preparing to attack.

However, at that moment, it seemed as if Lightslayer had come to a decision.

She smiled coldly, and in the next moment, the surrounding darkness enveloped her like a mantle…

At the same time, the entire Citadel suddenly shook, and a deafening sound of splintering wood reached them from somewhere high above.

**********

