Shadow Slave - PART 126
Chapters 1251 to 1260
==============================

Chapter 1251 (Error)
--------------------
Failed to download: Exception: All proxies failed. Site is blocking connection.

**********


                                Chapter 1252 Voyage, Voyage
--------------------
At first, Sunny and Nephis were tense and fully focused, observing the feasting serpent with grim apprehension and a bit of dread.

But then, slowly...

It got a little boring.

Even though very few people had ever gotten a chance to see a Great Beast devour a Great Monster - or maybe none at all - as it turned out, even such a macabre and awesome spectacle could grow old really fast.

The Black Turtle was just too enormous. Even though the azure serpent was gigantic itself, it still couldn't devour a significant portion of its carcass in a short amount of time, no matter how hard it tried. It would probably take the creature days, or even weeks, to put a dent in the floating corpse of the titanic monster.

Eventually, Sunny and Nephis found themselves sitting side by side on the green moss, looking silently at the Great River.

The two of them made for a striking contrast. Sunny was wearing a tunic of black silk embroidered with silver thread, his hair black as a raven's wing. Nephis was wearing a tunic, too, hers perfectly white and decorated with red accents. Her long silver hair was moving slightly in the wind.

One's eyes were like two pools of unfathomable darkness, the other's were grey, calm, and hid within them a boundless, immolating heat.

Both would have seemed too flawless and beautiful to a mundane human, with perfectly smooth alabaster skin and faces that seemed to have been chiseled from precious stone by a divine sculptor.

Surrounded by the vast expanse of a mystical river and sitting calmly atop the shell of a great monster, wearing no armor and holding no weapons in their hands, they looked like two transient deities that had descended from the heavenly realm to rest on the soft moss and enjoy the breathtaking beauty of this strange world.

...Of course, Sunny had none of these thoughts. Instead, he had an entirely different view of the current situation.

'This is... huh...'

Over the years, he had grown accustomed to being in the company of armor-clad Awakened, heavily armed soldiers, and military vehicles. Looking at the slender silhouette of Nephis's body outlined by the light fabric of her tunic, and the weightless silk of his own Graceless Dusk, he couldn't help but feel a sense of strange incongruity.

They were currently in the most dire predicament of their habitually dire lives. And yet...

'What the hell. We look like we're enjoying a luxury cruise...'

Of course, leisure cruises and getaways on tropical islands had not been a thing since before the Dark Times. Sunny just found the idea amusing after randomly learning about that ancient tradition from Rain, and was reminded of that conversation right now. He knew that being surrounded by great abominations was not exactly one's idea of a relaxing vacation.

However.

The corpse of the Black Turtle was technically floating, so it was like a ship. At the same time, it was large enough to be an island. The food was delicious. The view was to die for.

The company was very nice, too...

If not for the blooded snout of the azure serpent rising above the water from time to time, he would have actually been... quite content.

'Huh?'

Sensing his strange mood, Nephis looked at him and raised an eyebrow.

"You... have that funny look in your eyes..."

Sunny coughed.

"Uh, I was just thinking that this entire situation is weirdly... peaceful? We are on top of a dead Great Monster and there is a Great Beast slowly devouring that monster as it waits for a chance to munch on our souls, and yet... there's nothing to do?"

He scratched his head.

"Let me tell you, the start of my Second Nightmare was nowhere near as relaxing. Plus, this Black Turtle, it's kind of like a ship, isn't it? So... we're relaxing on a ship... I just think it's funny."

Nephis blinked a couple of times, then stared at the black expanse of the Black Turtle's shell.

After a short pause, she said awkwardly:

"Oh. You would know better. I... I actually was never on a real ship."

Sunny tilted his head a little.

'Oh... that's right. She was brought to Antarctica by Whispering Blade. She never sailed across the ocean on an alloy battleship, only flew through the sky aboard the Chain Breaker.'

He chuckled.

"Well, it's not that special. Mostly, you just stay inside and pray that the ship doesn't start splitting around you. Or that something from the outside doesn't come inside to pay you a visit. By the way... both of those things happened to me... so no matter how strange it feels to say, this feels much nicer."

Nephis hesitated for a few moments, then looked away.

Her voice was even when she said:

"This is much nicer than the start of my Second Nightmare, too. Because I'm... not alone."

Sunny looked at her carefully.

A strange thought surfaced in his mind:

'Was she going to say... something else?'

He suddenly felt tense again.

A lot of very complicated emotions that Sunny had done his best to avoid for a long, long time reared their heads in his heart.

'Was she...'

Luckily - or unfortunately - the azure serpent chose that exact moment to let out a frenzied roar and dive back into the water, sending a huge fountain of it flying into the sky.

It seemed that the old snake had been satiated, by now.

Full of renewed vigor, the serpent started circling the Black Turtle once again, raising its head from time to time to stare at them with deranged eyes.

Sunny sighed.

"This snake just never gives up, does it?"

Nephis silently nodded and then stood up.

Illuminated by the light of the seven suns and outlined against the blue sky, her lithe figure was like a painting.

"But it really can't overturn the carcass or break the shell. We don't need to keep watching it for now."

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"So then... what should we do?"

She thought for a while, then glanced at the soft carpet of green moss and the mysterious landscape of the dark island.

Eventually, Nephis shrugged.

"...Whatever we want?"

**********


                                Chapter 1253 Parade of Shadows
--------------------
After resting for a while, Sunny and Nephis separated. She went off to study the Memories Sir Gilead had transferred to her - there had not been a lot of time to get a proper feel for them in the Nightmare Desert. Sunny, meanwhile, remained sitting on the soft moss with a contemplative expression.

'What to do...'

First, he closed his eyes and sent the five shadows to investigate the dark island. It was somewhere between one and two kilometers across, so there was not a lot of ground to cover. However, the terrain of the giant shell of black rock was weathered and uneven. There were plenty of cracks and fissures, some of them large and easy to notice, others hidden from view. Some were entirely filled with water.

The exploration did not take too long. His shadows did not find anything really interesting, either - there was the weathered rock, the vibrant patches of green moss, and the remains of the creature's battle armor, its silver now tarnished and bleak. Other than that, the dark island was desolate and barren.

What made a deep impression on Sunny, though, were the fissures themselves. At first, he had assumed that they were just natural features of the Great Monster's stone shell... but after some time, with a shiver, he realized that they were not.

Instead, each of the deep grooves was a scar left on the titanic shell of the ancient creature by unknown enemies. None managed to penetrate it, and some were rather shallow - however, some were dark and frighteningly deep.

Considering that even the azure serpent was not able to crack the Black Turtle's carapace, Sunny dreaded to imagine what kind of creatures had left those claw marks on its back.

He looked at the gleaming expanse of the Great River with gloom. Suddenly, the enchanting beauty of this dreamlike world seemed like a facade that hid unspeakable horrors behind its alluring veil.

Of course, Sunny had known that already. But in that moment, he felt it stronger than ever before.

'Beautiful things are the most dangerous.'

Glancing in the direction where Nephis had left, he sighed and stretched his legs.

The shadows returned, and then, three figures rose from them.

Onyx Saint, Nightmare, and Ravenous Fiend.

He silently studied them for a while, thinking. Saint was stoic and indifferent, as always... if he did not know that she was alive, he would have assumed that the graceful and towering figure in front of him was a beautiful statue. Nightmare was staring at the azure serpent, which was circling the island, with dark and malevolent fury burning in his crimson eyes. Imp seemed a little uncomfortable under Sunny's gaze, shifting from foot to foot nervously.

Nightmare was the weakest of the three, but also offered the most utility to Sunny. He didn't necessarily need to use the tenebrous stallion as a battle companion... that said, his steed was very close to unlocking the Terror Ability and finally realizing its full potential. The next Rank was also not far away.

Once Nightmare came into his power as a Terror and Ascended, his power would take a great leap.

Sunny had little means of speeding up that process at the moment, though. It was going to happen when it happened... probably before too long.

Saint, meanwhile, was already incredibly powerful. She was so powerful, in fact, that Sunny had no means of pushing her to greater power anymore. To make the graceful stone knight achieve the Supreme Rank, he would need three hundred Transcended Memories of the First Tier, or six hundred Ascended ones... or one thousand and two hundred Awakened ones.

Needless to say, these numbers were unattainable at the moment.

He didn't even want to count the potential number of Dormant Memories she would need to rank up. Reaching a higher Class, meanwhile, required luck and stumbling on a uniquely suitable enemy - it was outside his control. Saint had already classed up twice, but the rest of his Shadows, excluding the aberrant Soul Serpent, had yet to do it even once. That went to show how rare such opportunities were.

There was one thing Sunny could do right now, though...

Glancing at Saint, he sent Morgan's Warbow and the Stifled Scream her way.

The bow was self-explanatory - he was planning to make Saint the sentry for as long as they remained on the dark island. The Stifled Scream, however, was more tricky.

That charm of his had an enchantment called [Echoing Silence]. Its description read: "When wearing this charm, the physical power of its master is augmented... but only as long as they remain silent. The longer their silence lasts, uninterrupted, the greater the boon of power they'll receive."

This was a powerful enchantment indeed, and one perfectly suited for the taciturn Shadow. However, he had never managed to get a lot out of it, because there had never been an opportunity to keep Saint summoned for weeks on end.

Right now, however... there was an interesting idea in Sunny's head.

'The physical augmentation the Stifled Scream grows stronger the longer one stays silent. So, it functions in relation to time.'

Weren't they flowing through time, though? Sunny did not know how exactly the distance traveled on the Great River corresponded to time, but he assumed that it was not a small amount. Were they moving one day into the past each day? One month?

One year?

If so, then the augmentation of the Stifled Scream could potentially reach its theoretical limit in no time. That was an outlandish theory, but it was worth checking out, at least.

Satisfied, Sunny turned to Imp.

On paper, the scrawny goblin was on the same level of power as Saint - he was a Transcendent Devil, as well. But in reality, there was an insurmountable gap between them. Imp was just an adolescent as far as Shadows went, after all. He was still on the weaker side, inexperienced, and untrained.

His core physical Attribute, the [Lesser Steel Body], had just recently evolved to the [Greater Steel Body]. Sunny had thought that it would be extremely hard to locate large quantities of metal of higher quality than the body of Sun Prince.

But, as it turned out, he was wrong.

They were currently on top of the Black Turtle's titanic corpse, and that corpse was encased in the remains of similarly titanic battle armor. Surely, the armor deserving of a Great Monster would be made of some truly incredible stuff?

Looking at the nervous Imp, Sunny grinned and pointed to the nearest jagged chunk of tarnished silver.

"Go, buddy. Gorge yourself. Bon appétit!"

The scrawny goblin tentatively turned to look in the direction he was pointing. A few moments later, its eyes dramatically widened.

"I bet it's going to be a bit tough to chew, bu..."

Before Sunny could finish speaking, Imp was already dashing toward the band of ancient silver with a maddened expression.

He chuckled.

'I guess it smells delicious...'

**********


                                Chapter 1254 Back to Basics
--------------------
With Saint standing guard, Nightmare keeping her company, and Imp happily munching on the tarnished silver of the Great Monster's battle armor, Sunny was once again left with nothing much to do.

The seven suns were shining in the three-colored sky. The clear waters of the Great River were flowing as they sparkled in the sunlight. The azure serpent was hungrily circling the dark island, ramming it from time to time to make its wrathful madness known. The Sin of Solace was brooding silently.

A gentle breeze was playing with Sunny's hair.

With a sigh, he swept it back and rose, planning to go find Nephis.

'This is too weird.'

He had expected many situations to arise at the start of the Third Nightmare, but one thing he had not expected was being left with nothing urgent to do.

Walking across the weathered surface of the black rock, Sunny went around a torn band of dull silver, traversed a few patches of moss, and finally laid his eye on Nephis.

She was training.

Holding an unfamiliar longsword, Nephis was practicing a complicated chain of moves, her silver hair dancing in the air. There were beads of sweat on her face, and the hem of the airy tunic was flaring, revealing smooth porcelain skin.

Her movements were limber and flowing, gracefully cascading into each other.

The sight of it was... beautiful.

Neph's swordsmanship was beautiful. And she was beautiful, too.

Illuminated by the dreamlike radiance of the seven suns and dancing with a silvery sword on a carpet of green moss, with her white tunic and alabaster skin, she was like a fairy.

Sunny found himself standing motionlessly in the shadow of a rock outcropping, watching. He had been planning to call out to Nephis, but now... forgetting about it, he silently remained where he was.

Some time passed. Sunny wasn't sure how much exactly.

The island trembled once more.

Eventually, he shifted slightly, as though escaping a reverie, and took a step forward to escape the shadows.

"Hey."

Nephis stopped and leaned on her sword, breathing heavily. Her chest was rising and falling, and her face was slightly flushed. Walking over, Sunny summoned the Endless Spring and offered it to her with a friendly smile.

Accepting the beautiful glass bottle, she sat down and wiped the sweat off her face, then threw her head back and drank greedily.

Sunny glanced at her slender neck and the beads of sweat glistening above the collar of her tunic, which was slightly damp and sticking a little to her body. Then, he looked away.

"Thank you."

After drinking her fill, Nephis returned the Endless Spring to Sunny. He hesitated for a moment, then drank some of the cool, refreshing water himself and sat down near her.

He had completely forgotten what he was going to say.

After a moment or two of peaceful silence, Sunny finally remembered:

"I've been thinking. Currently, the most powerful combatant among us is the Onyx Saint... my Shadow. You must know that she is a Transcendent Devil now. Should something happen, she would be our best bet against the old snake. We should try augmenting her with both of our Aspects, and test just how strong she would become."

They already knew that Nephis was able to share her flames with his Shadows. But the last time they had attempted it was a lifetime ago, in the basement of his home in NQSC.

Saint had been a mere Ascended Demon back then, while Sunny had been an early-stage Devil. Now, she was a Transcendent Devil, and he was a Tyrant. And Nephis... Nephis was a Terror.

She had absorbed a great number of soul shards during the Battle of the Black Skull, and gained the last few in the Nightmare Desert. The situation back then had been too desperate and frenetic to think about it, and honestly...

Sunny didn't really care about competing with her anymore.

All their powers had risen. Perhaps, with the help of shadows and soul flame, Saint would be able to scratch against the level of strength of a Supreme creature. Of course, there was a big problem... as a being whose flesh was akin to stone, she could not swim, and would immediately sink if pushed into the Great River.

Still, it was worth testing.

Nephis nodded.

"Yes... that sounds like a good idea."

She leaned back a little and closed her eyes, enjoying the cool caress of the breeze with a faint smile.

Sunny watched her silently for a few moments.

Eventually, he said:

"Your swordsmanship has changed."

Neph's favored style was always flowing and unpredictable, but now, it had assumed a strange, almost mystical quality.

Sunny had been a complete novice when they first met. His skill now was incomparable with that of four years ago... he had grown with an explosive, truly astonishing speed.

But Nephis had grown, too.

Perhaps her progress was not quite as stunningly rapid - she did not have the benefit of having an Aspect Legacy to fuel it, after all - but, compared to even the most talented humans, it was still tremendously swift.

Sunny and Nephis had sparred a lot after she returned from the Second Nightmare, but she had been held back by her nascent essence control back then. Now, she had fully come into her power as a Master, and was able to push her skill to entirely new limits... maybe even past them.

Opening her eyes, Nephis smiled.

"I guess it did."

Then, she leaned forward and looked into the distance with a contemplative expression.

"For me... my understanding of swordsmanship went through a transformation after the Ascension."

Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"Sounds serious."

She nodded with a distant look.

"Yes... it was because of learning to control my essence. Awakened possess a rudimentary form of essence control - they broadly enhance their entire bodies with essence, sometimes narrowing the scope down to a particular limb. After learning to do it as easily as breathing, they can become Masters, and naturally transition to a much more targeted, intricate, and efficient manner of using essence."

Her eyes glinted.

"But I've never been an Awakened. I went straight to being a Master. So, learning to control essence was very hard for me... I had to be conscious of every muscle in my body, every tendon, and every bone. It was like learning to walk again."

A corner of Sunny's mouth twitched as he suppressed a smile. He vividly remembered helping her pass these exact obstacles.

Nephis, meanwhile, continued:

"So, I had to go back to basics. Which groups of muscles do I need to enhance to perform the cut in the most efficient and effective way? My hand, my shoulder, my back, my core, my thighs, my calves... everything had to work in harmony to produce the best result. It took a while to become proficient enough in controlling essence to do it right without thinking. And, in the process, I became much more aware of my body. I also got submerged in studying the basics, on a much deeper level than before. Going deeper and deeper."

Sunny looked at her with curiosity.

"How deep are we talking about?"

She smiled, lingered for a moment, and then said:

"Force equals mass times acceleration."

He blinked.

'What?'

"What?"

Sunny had not expected to hear a physics formula. And he only knew that this was a physics formula because Teacher Julius had once thrown a tantrum about his lack of education and forced him to read a bunch of children's schoolbooks.

Nephis smiled.

"That is the basis of swordsmanship - or spearmanship, or any other kind of weapon skill. Fundamentally, it's all about delivering force. The amount of force is dependent on mass and acceleration. Your body is the source of that force, and your weapon is a force multiplier - it concentrates it into a narrow tip, thus making it easier to deliver lethal damage."

She pointed to the sharp tip of her sword.

"Of course, there are more nuances to that. For example, speed does not exist in a vacuum, it is relative to the enemy. Your body also has to borrow from the ground you are standing on. There is balance, centers of gravity, reaction speed... as for the sword itself, there is flexibility, material composition, center of percussion, and so on. There is also soul essence, Memory enchantments, Attributes, and Aspect Abilities to consider."

Sunny was looking at her incredulously, which caused Nephis to shrug in embarrassment.

"Well, anyway. I've been studying the fundamentals - physics, anatomy, Spell studies, and a bit of other stuff - a lot since returning from the Second Nightmare. And slowly incorporating these insights into my swordsmanship. Uh... something like that..."

He tilted his head, a bit dumbfounded.

'That can't be right. How have we gone from "the essence of combat is murder" to "force equals acceleration"?'

So, Nephis had been studying science... to shore up her fundamentals and evolve her swordsmanship? That sounded very strange.

But the result was apparent... she had clearly improved by leaps and bounds since her Ascension.

Sunny shook his head in disbelief, and then threw a pointed look at her.

His voice was incredulous:

"...Care for a spar?"

**********


                                Chapter 1255 Dancing Spirits
--------------------
Chapter 1255 Dancing Spirits

With a faint smile on her face, Nephis nodded and raised her sword, pointing it at him in invitation. Sunny summoned the Sin of Solace and took a stance opposite her. From the Forgotten Shore to the basement of his home in the peaceful terrace district, they had trained with each other numerous times. This simple sequence of actions was as natural for them as breathing.

However, today, there was an awkward pause.

Sunny scratched the back of his head and glanced at the jade jian.

"That… isn't going to work, is it?"

Nephis seemed to have come to a similar conclusion, looking at him sheepishly.

'No, what the hell… since when does she know how to emote? This is just too cute…'

He coughed.

The problem facing them was that both had grown too powerful — and, subsequently, the weapons they used were too powerful, too. The Sin of Solace was a Transcendent Memory of the Fifth Tier, and quite a harrowing one at that. Sunny was not entirely sure what the level of Neph's longsword was, but it had to be quite a menacing weapon, as well, considering that it had come from the soul arsenal of a Saint.

It would be already bad enough if the Sin of Solace damaged or destroyed it. But what if Sunny was not careful enough and scratched Nephis in the process? The curse of madness carried by the jade blade would either crush her mental defenses, or at least put debilitating pressure on her mind for a period of time.

Standing some distance away, the spirit of the jian smiled.

"No, no. Don't worry… I'll be gentle."

However, that smile of his was more than a little bit sinister.

Sunny frowned, then dismissed the jade sword and got lost in thought for a few moments. Eventually, a smile of delight appeared on his lips.

"Let's do this."

The shadows around them suddenly moved and flowed toward him, then slowly formed into two inky black swords. One of them was a fearsome odachi, while the other was an elegant longsword.

The odachi was easy to create — this was one of the shapes Sunny had practiced relentlessly, after all. The longsword was a little bit tricky, since he had never created one before. Nevertheless, he was familiar with it as well, and so managed to produce a passable one with some effort.

One would think that manifesting shadows into a weapon would be easier than shaping them into articulated hands, since weapons were static by nature. However, in reality, shaping a sword was just as complex of a task.

A good sword had to possess certain characteristics to feel right in the hand — weight, balance, flexibility and rigidity, center of percussion that Neph had recently mentioned, and so on. It was especially daunting with something like the odachi, which possessed a flexible edge and a rigid spine.

To improve in that regard, Sunny had even studied a bit of blacksmithing on the network. Back then, Clan Valor had been preventing him from visiting the Dream Realm, so he had a lot of free time.

There were many levels to Shadow Manifestation, and shaping was only the most basic of them. Sunny could also affect the material composition of the manifested shadows, although that demanded a higher essence expenditure. He could manipulate the density of the shadows, for example. He could make them feel like steel or porous limestone.

With some effort, he could even make them slippery or adhesive. In the past, all these internal transformations had been very difficult to achieve, but after inventing Shadow Incarnation, Sunny made a breakthrough in his mastery of Shadow Manifestation as well. Now, it was much easier.

All that was to say…

When Nephis dismissed her longsword and curiously took the shadow weapon from his hand, he secretly held his breath. She weighed the black longsword, then swung it a few times to test how it felt. Then, she nodded in satisfaction.

"That works."

Sunny suppressed a proud smile and raised his odachi.

"Let's begin, then."

Ah, that feeling… he missed it. The Sin of Solace was a piece of art in the form of a jian, but Sunny's heart still lay with blades like this one. Maybe because it was what he had learned swordsmanship with, wielding Midnight Shard on the Forgotten Shore. Not to mention all the fun times he had had as Mongrel in the Dreamscape…

Raising the odachi slightly, Sunny pushed himself forward and attacked.

other. It was as though two spirits were dancing under the bright light of the radiant suns.

The two of them were instantly entangled in a breathtaking dance of singing steel. Their swift figures blurred, and soon, nothing but a dark shape and a light shape could be seen, moving across the green moss as they weaved and circled around each other. It was as though two spirits were dancing under the bright light of the radiant suns.

'She really has improved…'

Neph's swordsmanship felt… different. It had always been somewhat ineffable due to her eerie ability to control both the battlefield and the enemy, but now, there was an even more bizarre quality to her graceful skill.

The steps seemed the same. The cadence seemed the same. The offensive and defensive moves seemed the same, as well.

However, these familiar elements were somehow entirely different, and incredibly more dangerous. Her light steps never failed to deliver her into the best possible position to attack. Each strike packed a devastating punch that seemed too extreme even for an Ascended Terror. Her defense was nearly impenetrable, alternating between immovable hardness and inviting softness, which dissipated the force of Sunny's attacks and made him feel as though he was drowning in a bog.

No… he was drowning in her flowing sword.

'How is she so different?'

It was not as though Sunny did not understand the same principles Neph had spoken about. The relationship between mass, acceleration, and force… he was intimately familiar with it, as well.

After all, Sunny had long incorporated the ability to change his weight at will into his battle skill, so much so that it had become second nature to him. By manipulating how much his body, or various parts of it, weighed on the fly, he was able to enhance the force of his attacks, secure his balance, and even perform seemingly impossible moves by shifting his center of gravity.

By now, it was like an instinct.

He knew a lot about anatomy, too, both from his own training after the Ascension, mastery of Shadow Dance, and learning how to create shadow hands.

Everything that Nephis had mentioned, Sunny studied too. However, as they thought, he understood the difference between them.

It was the difference between an intuitive, instinctual knowledge and a comprehensive, systemic understanding.

And so, even though Sunny could perceive the essence of what Nephis was doing through Shadow Dance, he couldn't repeat it with the same level of insight.

This was different from fighting Morgan. Morgan was supremely skilled, yes, but the main challenge of dueling her was the dire power of her enchanted body and her sharp, killing will.

Nephis was not using any augmentations, and her will was vast and calm as an ocean.

Beneath that indomitable calmness hid the fiery fury of a roaring flame.

It was pure technique, pure insight, pure mastery.

Pure passion.

Sunny frowned, feeling that he, too, was starting to sweat.

Nephis was strong, but he was strong too. Among human swordsmen, he was perhaps one of the strongest.

His mind was clear, his elusive skill was perilously insidious. He was not the same person he had been before. Antarctica had forged him into someone much more steady, powerful, and deadly.

Their duel… was exhilarating.

**********


                                Chapter 1256 Reaching for the Stars
--------------------
Sunny and Nephis climbed back into the familiar fissure only after the seven suns plunged into the waters of the Great River. They hungrily consumed the last few ration packs from the Covetous Coffer, and then settled on the weathered rock to sleep.

Saint was standing guard above the fissure, and Nightmare was near to protect their dreams. So, they decided not to alternate and let themselves rest through the whole night.

The world was swiftly enveloped in darkness. The nocturnal glow of the Great River did not reach the depths of the fissure, and there were no stars or the moon in the sky. The world was entirely black, as if they had plunged into an endless void.

Listening to the soft sounds of Neph's breath, Sunny let the sense of fatigue overwhelm him.

He was tired. However, it was not the cruel, chilling exhaustion he had suffered often in the past months… instead, this fatigue was of a satisfying and pleasurable kind. Something he had not felt in a while.

Sunny had learned a lot during their training today. They had practiced together until the sunset, and in the process, both had done their best to make the opponent sweat. He had not held back much, and neither had Nephis.

In the end, Sunny found himself lacking. Even after all this time, she was still like a distant star… one he could see, but never touch. At least in terms of swordsmanship and mastery of battle.

It should have been disheartening, but he found it strangely encouraging instead. Sunny felt as though he had been shown a new horizon… something to strive for, as well as a clear direction to reach for the stars.

He also realized that there were still flaws in his mastery of Shadow Dance. That was a valuable revelation in and of itself… armed with it, he could refine and perfect his formless style, bringing it closer to the next step.

That said… Sunny felt very strange right now.

It was because he had realized that, currently, he was more powerful than Nephis.

Yes, she was a better fighter than him. However, Sunny had so many tools at his disposal. He also had two Transcendent Devils and an Awakened Terror on his side. If the two of them were to battle seriously… he wasn't entirely sure who would be left standing at the end, but he knew that his odds were much higher than hers.

It was a… vast, tumultuous, and deeply unsettling emotion.

What surprised him the most, however, was how weak of a reaction it aroused in him. There had been a time when becoming more powerful than Nephis was all he ever thought about. But now… he felt almost indifferent.

It was what it was. There was no point in racing to the finish line, anyway. That line would not change.

It did not matter which one of them became a Terror first, because sooner or later, both of them would end up as Titans. It did not matter that Sunny was ahead for the first time — her Ascended Ability was not of a kind that added to one's power, that was all.

They were in the same boat, anyway.

Perhaps he could allow himself to feel that way because he was more secure about the Shadow Bond, and the power she held over him. Nephis had proven that she had no intention of ever using it… and he had grown more confident in his ability to make one or both of them die even if she did.

'How romantic…'

He sighed, feeling calm and cozy in the darkness that enveloped them.

After a while, Sunny asked:

"Hey, Neph… are you asleep yet?"

There were few moments of silence before she answered.

"No."

Hidden in the darkness, he grinned.

"...How is the sleeping bag? Is it warm?"

There had been only two sleeping bags in the Covetous Coffer — one that Sunny used in the wilderness, and a spare one. Sadly, he had ripped through one of them when the azure serpent first made the dark island quake, so now, there was only one.

Sunny had chosen to sleep on the weathered rock, relying on the unique qualities of the Marble Shell to keep him comfortable. Luckily, the Great River seemed to have a mild climate, so he was not particularly cold. The fissure protected them from the wind, as well.

So, he had no problem letting Nephis use the only remaining sleeping bag.

However... that didn't mean that he wouldn't tease her about it...

A calm answer came from the darkness.

"Yes, I am warm. It is of high quality."

As the grin froze on Sunny's face, he sighed.

'She's really… too thick to be teased. Damn'

A few moments later, Neph asked:

"Oh… do you want me to hand it over? It is your sleeping bag… it would only be right for the owner to use it…"

Sunny flinched.

"No, no! Keep it. That's not what I wanted at all."

'Gods, she's hopeless...'

There was a long pause. Then, Neph's voice came from the darkness again:

"Ah! I see. You want to use it together?"

Hearing that, Sunny's entire body shuddered.

"What? No! That's not what I meant at all! Who do you take me for? I was just teasing you!"

Suddenly, he heard a soft chuckle. Turning his head, Sunny saw Neph covering her mouth with a hand. She was suppressing a laugh…

His eyes widened.

'Wait… a reverse tease? I've been played!'

His heart ached. How embarrassing...

He stared at Nephis incredulously for a few moments, then laid down and looked back at the jagged line of the distant black sky. A moment or two later, he suddenly laughed, too.

"This is… this is just too ridiculous…"

Nephis lowered her hand, then asked in an amused tone:

"What is?"

Sunny shrugged.

"I mean... we are sailing a river of an Unholy Titan's blood on the corpse of a Great Monster. Moving back in time. And giggling like children…"

She remained silent for a while before saying in her usual calm tone:

"Yes. It does sound a little ridiculous."

Then, there was a comfortable silence between them.

Sunny looked at the black sky for a while. Soon, a sigh escaped from his lips.

He lingered for a long time, then turned his head to look at her again.

"Neph? Can I ask you something?"

She turned her head to face him, as well, even though she couldn't see anything in the dark.

"Sure."

Sunny hesitated.

But, eventually, he still asked:

"Can you tell me what happened to you in the Second Nightmare?"

A hint of amusement slowly disappeared from her eyes. Her faint smile was erased, as well.

Nephis remained silent for a long time, her expression turning bleak and distant.

Then, she sighed.

"...Okay. I'll tell you."

Her voice sounded strangely forlorn.

Turning away, Nephis looked into the darkness and said:

"In my Second Nightmare, I was a woman made of stone. Like your Shadow, but also different… defective…"

**********


                                Chapter 1257 In the Darkness
--------------------
Nephis looked into the darkness as she spoke in an even voice:

"It happened after the Demon of Destiny had his falling out with the Goddess of the Black Skies... I think. But before Hope escaped her chains, and the daemons rose in rebellion against the gods. In the darkness... in the true darkness that fills the halls and caverns of the Underworld. Below the Hollow Mountains."

She sighed.

"When I opened my eyes, I was a woman made of stone. A crude, clumsy, and defective precursor of the Stone Saints. I was laying on a mountain of abandoned statues just like me, all of them broken, discarded, and forsaken. Everything around me was enveloped by cold darkness, with not a spark of light or hint of warmth anywhere. There was just me, my broken siblings, and the lonesome silence."

Sunny shifted slightly.

"True darkness?"

Nephis slowly nodded.

"Yes... those mountains are called hollow, but in fact, they are full of darkness. Their hollows are like great reservoirs of it - it is where darkness lives, and where it comes from. True darkness is very much like this river, in fact. Legends say that a terrible creature was slain by the gods once, at the dawn of time, and that its blood seeped into the earth. This is what true darkness is - the dark creature's blood."

Sunny shivered. That dark creature... to be the source of all true darkness, of the entire element of darkness, it had to be something far greater than an Unholy Titan.

It must have been one of the unknown, then. A being of the Void...

Ignorant of what he was thinking about, Nephis continued after a short pause:

"The Hollow Mountains are a scar left by the death of that creature. And so, most of true darkness remains below them. This is the place that Nether made his home. However, it was not entirely empty... while he ruled the Underworld, there were many others living in the darkness."

She lingered for a moment.

"There were some who followed Nether, the remains of the army he had led to wage war on Storm God. They lived in the great hollows within the peaks. There were also his children, the Stone Saints, who lived below the mountains, in the heart of the Underworld. And there were also creatures who lived even lower, near the very bottom of the dark abyss. That is where the pile of discarded statues was."

Sunny frowned.

"Wait... Nether waged war on Storm God? On his own, before the rebellion?"

A pale smile appeared on Neph's face.

"Yes... it was his own private affair. I don't know the details of his relationship with Storm God or why it ended in resentment. But he must have taken it to heart, enough so that he assembled an army and stormed the divine realm. Of course, he lost. Most of his army was decimated, and he secluded himself in the Underworld, becoming its ruler and losing himself in the obsession of trying to create the Stone Saints."

She paused for a moment.

"He must have been lonely and heartbroken, to create a whole race of living beings just to keep him company... or maybe it was his defiant, prideful way of challenging the gods. After all, only the gods could create living things. Despite that... somehow, Nether succeeded. But he failed many times before achieving success."

Nephis grew silent for a moment, and then said:

"I... was one of these failures."

A quiet sigh escaped from her lips.

"There were many creatures in the darkness at the roots of the Underworld, all of them abandoned and discarded, just like me. Some of them were the results of Nether's failed attempts to create the Stone Saints. Some of them were outcasts and derelicts for whom there was no place in the world above anymore. All of them were pitiful and weak... and I was the weakest of them all."

Nephis stared silently into the darkness for a while. The expression on her face was sad and... remorseful?

Eventually, she spoke softly:

"I was just a Sleeper, after all. Even with the Echo I gained in the Nightmare Desert, out there in the darkness, my strength was pitiful. Ah, it was such a... blow. I never realized how much pride I took in being strong before that Nightmare. I had always relied on my strength... I had always told myself that I had to be strong. If only I was strong like my father... if only I was strong, stronger, the strongest... then I wouldn't break apart. And the people around me wouldn't need to suffer on my behalf, either."

Sunny remained silent, remembering Neph's nightmare that he had visited after she returned to the waking world. He also thought about his own desperate pursuit of strength.

Nephis smiled.

"But in the Nightmare, all my strength was worthless. All my pride was worthless, too. All I had was weakness, and so, I had to learn... that personal power was not something I should rely on, or could rely on. It had always seemed so important, but in the end, it turned out to be a deceitful mirage."

A slight frown appeared on her face.

"You see, there were not only the outcasts and discarded creatures like me in the darkness at the roots of the Underworld. There were other things, as well... terrifying things that were born from the darkness. These things hunted us. There were ancient horrors dwelling in the very depths of the abyss, as well. Sometimes, they would crawl from below to devour us. No one in the Underworld cared about what happened to us, if they even remembered our existence. The aloof Demon of Destiny, the first generation of the Stone Saints, and the remains of the Demon's soldiers... none would protect us. The forsaken had to fend for themselves. But we were weak, and pitiful. And, most of all, we were divided."

Her voice shook a little.

Sunny lingered for a few moments, then asked carefully:

"So, what did you do? How did you survive?"

Nephis took a deep breath.

"I... I had to accept my weakness, and learn how to survive despite being weak. The lesson was harsh, demeaning, and painful. But I had no choice but to learn it. So, I coaxed, persuaded, deceived, enticed, and cajoled the other forsaken creatures living in the darkness. But, most of all... I inspired them. You see, I realized that there was something much sharper than my wit, much more persuasive than my words, and much more compelling than my lies."

She paused for a moment.

"That something... was desire."

**********


                                Chapter 1258 Last Light
--------------------
Hidden in the darkness, Sunny flinched. The image of the piece of wet wood littered with demented runes suddenly appeared in his mind, as did the word repeating in the runes over and over again.

Wish... desire.

Be careful of what you wish for.

Be careful what you desire.

He frowned while Nephis continued somberly:

"All I had to do was instill a desire in the forsaken. A desire for a better life, longer life... safer life. A yearning for things that they had either never known or long forgotten - comfort, companionship, warmth. I had to give them hope. Because we couldn't survive alone, but we could survive together. Most of these creatures were solitary and numb, resigned to their dark existence. The weight of their hopelessness and despair was too great for me to pull them from it. But, by igniting a yearning in their hearts... I could make them push themselves forward with their own strength."

She grew silent once again, and remained so for a long time this time.

When Nephis spoke again, her voice was almost a whisper.

"...We gathered together, and built a village. It had tall walls and stone houses. It even had a large hall for us to gather and enjoy each other's company. And, for a while, life was good. United, we could protect ourselves from the creatures of darkness, and hide from the abyssal visitors behind the tall walls. I thought... I thought that I was on the right track. There were old creatures in the village that taught me their knowledge and wisdom. There were those who had been warriors once. I learned from them, as well. I was the weakest one, but I was liked and valued. Because I could create light, which all of them had forgotten."

White sparks ignited in her eyes before trembling and disappearing.

Neph's face grew motionless.

"But then, someone in the village vanished. And then, someone else. At first, I thought that they had left. But after the third one was gone, the fourth, the fifth... we all realized that something was wrong. They didn't leave. They were taken. After that, every night - what served as night in the Underworld - someone would disappear. We were under attack."

She paused.

"We tried everything in our power to find and confront the creature that was killing the villagers. We enhanced our defenses, increased our vigilance. We investigated, we explored the surrounding darkness for clues. We set traps, carved sorcerous runes into the stone, and placed lures. We even sent an envoy to plead for help from the children of Nether. But nothing worked."

Neph's voice was growing dull.

"No help came. Nothing we did managed to stop the disappearances. In fact, it only grew worse... at first, the forsaken were just vanishing, but later, their mutilated corpses started to appear around the village, strewn on stalagmites for us to see. As though the creature was leaving them there to mock us. It was then that I understood... that I... had not created a safe haven for us... and instead... simply set the table for the creature of darkness."

Her face was motionless, and her voice was even. However, Sunny could feel how fragile that mask was at the moment.

Neph took a deep breath.

"...Eventually, everything collapsed. Those who were still alive cursed me and abandoned the village... tried to. They didn't make it far. There were only two of us left inside the empty walls - myself, and another one of the broken statues. The first one who had become my companion, and followed me almost from the very start. We... we locked ourselves inside the village hall, not knowing what else to do, and barricaded the doors. However, the creature still came. I didn't see it enter, but I could feel that the darkness around us was suddenly alive."

Sunny looked at her carefully.

"So... how did you defeat it?"

Nephis slowly shook her head.

"I... did not. I had thought about giving one last, desperate fight. But as soon as I sensed it, I knew that there was no hope. That thing... it wasn't something I could fight. So I spoke to it. I tried to appease it. I tried to persuade it. I even knelt and begged it. I tried everything I could, and I could feel it watching me, listening to me. Surrounding me."

For a while, there was silence.

In that silence, Nephis shivered and let out a heavy sigh.

"...In the end, the creature took my companion, but spared me. I don't know why. All I know is that the darkness felt empty again, and I was suddenly alone in that darkness. I was the only one left in the village that we had built. Everyone else... all of them... were dead."

Her voice trembled a little.

"That... was the end of my Nightmare."

Sunny sighed and sat up, summoning the Endless Spring.

Nephis had talked for a while, after all. Her throat must have been parched.

Approaching her in the darkness, Sunny sat down and used his nail to clink against the glass bottle a couple of times, to let her know where it was. Nephis took the bottle and took a small sip, then looked at the ground.

Sunny hesitated for a moment.

"The appraisal... do you remember how the Spell appraised your performance?"

Nephis shook her head.

"I was... pretty out of it, there at the end. I remember standing in the middle of the empty hall. And the next thing I remember was you calling me by my True Name, at the Academy."

Sunny sighed, then leaned forward and lightly patted her on the shoulder.

"Well, if it means anything... I think you did well. You did really well, Neph."

He felt her body tremble slightly, and then took the Endless Spring from her fingers.

"Thank you for telling me. Now, let's sleep..."

He lingered for a moment, and then added lightly:

"...Please be careful with the sleeping bag, though. Don't rip it. It's really expensive!"

She nodded, then smiled faintly and lay down, turning away.

Sunny looked at Neph's back for a few moments, then silently returned to his own sleeping spot and sprawled on the weathered rock.

He stared at the black sky for a few moments before closing his eyes.

'...Would I have survived that Nightmare?'

Sunny really did not know. He could also tell that Nephis had brushed past many perilous fights and dire torments that she must have endured there... in the darkness...

All alone.

His heart was heavy, but before too long, the exhaustion won, sending him into the embrace of sleep.

**********


                                Chapter 1259 Pristine Soul
--------------------
In the morning, the island shook again. Sunny opened his eyes and reached through the shadow sense, checking in on Saint. Since the taciturn knight was standing calmly above the fissure, he relaxed and yawned with great satisfaction.

He felt incredibly refreshed.

The dark island was in one piece, and nothing was pouncing to kill them. Life was great.

He sat up, leaned on the slope of the fissure, then rubbed his eyes and looked around. Nephis was already up, doing light stretches a few meters away. Sunny watched her for a few moments, then forced himself to avert his gaze.

The sound of her even, yet fragile voice resounding from the darkness still echoed in his ears.

Neph's Second Nightmare... was different from his own, just like her First Nightmare had been. She had not battled immortal Saints to free an imprisoned daemon from divine chains. Instead, she had tried to save a small group of pitiful and forlorn creatures, only to watch them all die.

Nephis had been the last one standing on the Forgotten Shore, and after traveling alone through the purgatory of the Nightmare Desert, she built a tiny community amidst the cold darkness, only to watch it be destroyed.

She had been so strong, but the Nightmare made her weak. She had been so proud, but the Nightmare made her beg for mercy on her knees. He wasn't sure he could imagine how painful it was for her, to sacrifice the two things that were at the core of her sense of self.

Yes, Neph had not slain impossibly powerful enemies with her radiant sword in the Nightmare... but, for her, wielding a sword against an overwhelming foe was not something to be feared.

Maybe that was why the Spell always tried to break her in some other, more cruel way.

Sunny looked down at the weathered surface of the black rock.

'The Spell... I wonder...'

How had the Spell appraised Neph's performance in the Second Nightmare?

Sunny was not sure, but he had an inkling that the appraisal was exceedingly high. If his theory was right, that was, and the appraisal depended on how much the challenger had changed the flow of fate. In that regard...

He suspected that what Nephis had done was miraculous. She had wanted to change the fates of the forsaken creatures living in the darkness at the bottom of the Underwold.

In that task, she failed.

...However, she had succeeded in changing something else.

She changed the harrowing creature that had come from the darkness.

Had the creature been compelled by her words? By her pleas?

Or... had it been infected by the same yearning that Neph had ignited in the hearts of the forsaken? Had the creature of darkness been poisoned by a hint of an indescribable longing? Had it learned to long for light?

If the heart of an abyssal being powerful enough to be a horror in the Underworld had been changed, even ever so slightly, then Sunny could not really imagine what ripples that change could cause in the great tapestry of fate.

So, the Spell could have appraised Neph's performance as glorious.

But that... that was not important.

Because Nephis herself did not see it that way. The Spell and its carriers had different criteria for success, after all. The Spell might be satisfied with Neph's performance, but Neph obviously saw it as a bitter, irredeemable failure. The tone of her voice yesterday had said it all.

Continuing to stare at the ground, Sunny sighed.

After returning to the waking world, Nephis seemed much more... mellow than before. But her resolve to kill the Sovereigns and destroy the Spell also seemed much more stalwart than before.

Now that he knew the truth... many things about her past words and actions made sense.

'Gods... just what am I going to do with her?'

Sunny glanced at Nephis, who was oblivious to his thoughts, with a complicated expression.

There was one more thing he had to consider.

The description of Neph's Aspect, Light Bringer...

[You are a creature of light that was banished and doomed to exist in the darkness. You bring radiance and warmth to wherever you go, but with it comes indescribable longing.]

Wasn't it very similar to the trial the Spell had presented her with in the Second Nightmare?

The Ascended Ability she had unlocked as a result was called [Longing], too.

Longing, yearning, desire... wish...

Was the inexhaustible longing to destroy the Spell that burned like fire in Neph's heart so powerful that it made her soul incorruptible?

He had pondered about this Ability of hers before, but now, Sunny saw it in a new light. It had seemed like a rather useless power to have, outside of very rare circumstances... like facing the Skinwalker.

However...

If that Ability made Nephis immune to the Corruption, then wasn't it actually the most broken and unbelievably preposterous Ability he had ever heard about?

After all, even Weaver had to sever their arm when it got infected with the Corruption. Not only was the great and terrible Demon of Fate not immune to Corruption, he or she was even powerless in front of it.

...Just what was Nephis, exactly?

And, more importantly, what was she to him?

The subject of his thoughts, meanwhile, finished her stretching exercises, pulled the fastened strap of her white tunic back to her pale shoulder, and looked around.

Nephis smiled.

"You're up?"

Sunny smiled back.

"Yeah. How are you feeling?"

It seemed as though she had recovered from opening the old wounds to tell him about her Second Nightmare yesterday.

However, a moment later, Neph's smiling face darkened a little. She sighed.

"I wanted to make breakfast. But... we have no food left."

Sunny tilted his head, then looked down.

They were literally sitting on a mountain of meat. But with the Azure Serpent circling the carcass of the Black Turtle, diving into the river to procure even a little bit of it was an utterly lethal task.

He shook his head with resignation.

"We'll solve that problem when the time comes."

Nephis nodded, lingered for a moment, then pointed to the sleeping bag.

"See? I didn't rip it."

Sunny stared at her, trying to determine whether she was being serious or playing a joke on him. These days, it was getting hard to tell...

'Which bastard is being such a bad influence on my straight-laced and awkward Neph? I'm going to bash their teeth in!'

He remained silent for a few moments, then grinned.

"Good. Because, you know... you still owe me for that projector..."

**********


                                Chapter 1260 Leisure Cruise
--------------------
Time flowed lazily.

...Both literally and figuratively.

The current of the Great River was pulling the corpse of the Black Turtle into the past, and several days passed in a strange, but pleasant idleness. The seven suns rose and fell, drowning in the shimmering waters. The sky was like a dreamlike painting of lilac, azure, crimson, and jet black.

The ancient serpent continued to circle the dark island, slowly consuming the bleeding meat of the Great Monster it had killed, and watching Sunny and Nephis enjoy their unexpected respite.

The two of them were spending their time leisurely. Feeling the need to rest and recuperate after the nightmarish gauntlet of the white desert, they were not in a hurry to strain themselves too much.

They slept peacefully through the nights, rising when warm sunlight flowed into the narrow fissure, and spent most of the days together. Sometimes, they would lay on the soft moss side by side and look at the sky in comfortable silence. Sometimes, they would train, sparring with each other until sweat covered their bodies.

Sometimes, they would talk, discussing their experiences in the past year and various pieces of knowledge they had picked up along the way.

They also spent some time apart. Nephis was busy practicing her swordsmanship, often requesting Saint to aid her as a training partner. After sending her and his Shadow off, Sunny would get busy with his own endeavors.

He spent a lot of time studying the strange and hauntingly complex weave of the Key of the Estuary. This Memory was a great mystery that had to be solved... even after showing it to Nephis, Sunny had not a single inkling of what it was supposed to do, and where it had come from.

So, he settled for the slow approach of meticulously examining each and every thread of its somber tapestry. Depending on luck, this task could take him many months to complete, but there was no harm in starting early.

Once his head started to ache from studying the black weave, Sunny would sit silently near the slopes of the island and watch the Azure Serpent prowl. He would close his eyes and sense the Great Beast's shadow. He would try to memorize its every scale, scar, and movement.

Even though their situation was peaceful right now, he knew that the peace would not last indefinitely. The chances were that they would have to battle the abomination eventually. And so, Sunny wanted to gleam its essence and commit it to his memory.

Training his swordsmanship with Nephis, studying the Estuary Key, observing the Azure Serpent, and resting idly... these were the things that filled his days.

Of course, other things were happening on the dark island, as well.

Imp was still busy devouring the bands of tarnished silver that encased the Black Turtle's body. His progress was slow, but the gluttonous goblin seemed beyond himself with delight. His scrawny figure could often be seen sprawled on the black rocks, utterly engorged.

The Sin of Solace was still there, following Sunny like a jaded wraith. Its litany of snide comments and contemptuous remarks never lessened, slowly driving him mad. Sunny endured as best as he could, and luckily, the spirit of the cursed sword was not nearly as talkative as it had been before. Nevertheless, the apparition put him in many awkward situations with Nephis.

Nightmare was slowly subjugating new dreams into his unseen army. Almost every night, the counter of the Dream Curse would go up by at least one or two. The source of these defeated nightmares were, of course, Sunny and Nephis... it seemed that their minds were still haunted by the events of the past.

Or maybe it was just the nature of the Tomb of Ariel. Despite its breathtaking facade, it was a land worthy of its architect... a land of dread.

It was also as desolate and empty as it was beautiful. Every day, Sunny and Nephis would study the northern horizon, hoping to see the signs of land - or anything at all - far in the distance. But each time, all that met them was an endless expanse of flowing water.

Their hunger slowly grew. Although Masters were much more resilient than mundane humans, they were still the same... they needed sustenance to survive, just like any human would.

Their bodies were still strong, but they would start to wither before too long. Before that happened, Sunny and Nephis were going to have to find a way to harvest some of the Black Turtle's meat.

The Azure Serpent raised its head from the water every time it devoured more, as if to mock them.

'Ah... I'm hungry.'

Sunny was sitting on a luxurious wooden chair, which was positioned near the slopes of the Black Turtle's carapace, facing north. His shadows surrounded him, lazily sprawled on the black rocks and enjoying the dreamlike vista of the Great River - only the naughty one had wandered off to enjoy the view of Nephis training instead.

Dismissing the Estuary Key, Sunny rubbed his temples and stretched his legs.

'I don't get it... I just don't get it. I don't recognize any of these weave elements. Not even their vague purpose. The more I look at it, the more sure I am that it wasn't... won't be?... created by me.'

Whoever had created the Key of the Estuary was a far greater sorcerer than Sunny was, or could ever dream to be. At least that was how it seemed.

'Alright... that's enough for today. The old snake should be showing its ugly mug any minute now. I really hope that it's as tired of staring at me as I am tired of staring at it...'

Sunny glanced at the wide patch of bloody water surrounding the shell of the Great Turtle in anticipation, lingered for a few moments, and then frowned.

Something... something was wrong with that picture.

He stared at the water for a while, his scowl deepening.

Then, Sunny slowly raised his eyes and looked at the sky.

His pupils widened slightly.

There, in the boundless blue expanse, far away...

A black dot had appeared at some point.

-----

Erdiul's Note: Will take a chance and start updating on the same day again with random delays inbetween the webnovel updates.

**********

