

Chapter 1081: Fang Yuan Contributes a Plan

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


The chestnut yak was slammed down by Fang Yuan’s own paw, and did not dare to climb back up again.


No matter what methods Twelfth Hair used, he was unable to make this chestnut yak climb back up and fight again.


“The desolate beast is weak, the Gu Immortal is also useless.” Fang Yuan shook his head internally, and dispelled his immortal killer move.


In moments, the giant flying bear turned into a ball of light.


From within the ball, Fang Yuan’s figure slowly walked out and descended to the ground.


“I lost once again. Brother Fang is truly amazing!” Twelfth Hair tried for a long time but seeing no success, he could only cup his fists towards Fang Yuan, admitting defeat.


He and Fang Yuan had sparred several times already.


At first, after he lost, he did not admit defeat and remained obstinate. But after several times, he was already less affected, loss became normal and victory instead was the anomaly.


“Twelfth brother, you should practice your immortal killer move more frequently. And this chestnut yak is weak and timid, it is better if you change to another desolate beast as soon as possible.” Fang Yuan advised.


Twelfth Hair repeatedly nodded his head and sighed: “This is all because treasure yellow heaven is closed! When it opens, I will immediately buy a desolate beast for combat. This yak already has none of its wild nature left, I already thought of throwing it away. But I need to bear the cost of buying a desolate beast myself, this is the rule created after the sect was established. Sigh, my beast enslavement Immortal Gu is also not mine, I still need to pay to use it. Enough talking, I need to hurry back to refine Gu and sell them to earn immortal essence stones.”


“See you.” Fang Yuan nodded.


Twelfth Hair took back the chestnut yak and hurriedly left.


“Good, I have obtained twenty sect contribution points again.” Fang Yuan gazed at the receding figure of Twelfth Hair, his mind rippling with some joy.


Over these last few days, he had not only been sparring with Twelfth Hair, he also had similar contact with other hairy man Gu Immortals.


Although the secret transactions between Fang Yuan and Sixth Hair had already finished, Sixth Hair repeatedly visiting Fang Yuan’s cloud city during the process was a small flaw.


Although Fang Yuan had joined Lang Ya Sect and become an external supreme elder, there had always been a barrier between him and the hairy man Gu Immortals.


After all, the human race was powerful currently while hairy men were a type of variant human which suffered persecution from humans.


Fang Yuan might be on their side, but the hairy man Gu Immortals kept away from him. Why would Sixth Hair suddenly pay visits to Fang Yuan on his own initiative? This would certainly incite doubts.


To fix this flaw, after the transaction, Sixth Hair subtly revealed to the other hairy man Gu Immortals that he looked for Fang Yuan in order to raise his battle strength. Because the previous sudden invasion by Shadow Sect, along with the tribulations just now, had made him feel his battle strength was truly lacking, so he looked for the human Gu Immortal, Fang Yuan, to ask for advice.


To increase the trustworthiness of his words, Sixth Hair sparred with the other hairy man Gu Immortals and defeated them.


Sixth Hair was a spy, one of the split souls of Spectral Soul. He had deep combat proficiency and just using a little bit of it was enough for him to easily defeat them all.


This event caused a commotion in the small circle of hairy man Gu Immortals, even Lang Ya land spirit heard about it and affirmed Sixth Hair’s actions in front of everyone. He even encouraged other hairy man Gu Immortals to ask for guidance from Fang Yuan. After all, the extremely low battle strength of the hairy man Gu Immortals had all along been a worry for Lang Ya land spirit.


After Sixth Hair, other hairy man Gu Immortals went to Fang Yuan for guidance. With just a little thinking, Fang Yuan realized Sixth Hair’s intention and enthusiastically welcomed the other hairy man Gu Immortals.


Because this was a profitable thing with no harm to Fang Yuan.


First of all, he would be relying on Lang Ya Sect for a long period of time to cultivate more conveniently and be safer when undergoing tribulations. So having a good relationship with these hairy man Gu Immortals was a must.


Second, like Sixth Hair’s considerations, Fang Yuan had to cooperate as well to make up for the flaw created because of the transactions.


Lastly, Fang Yuan needed sect contribution points.


From now on, if he wanted Lang Ya land spirit’s help to borrow the strength of Lang Ya Sect, he could not always negotiate deals with Lang Ya land spirit.


Previously, he could make deals with Lang Ya land spirit because the land spirit had taken a fancy upon his Luo Po Valley, Dang Hun Mountain and wisdom Gu.


But from now on, to make Lang Ya Sect help him, the main thing would be to use sect contribution points.


This was Lang Ya Sect’s rule. Even Lang Ya land spirit took the initiative to comply to it.


Lang Ya land spirit had already issued sect missions, the types of missions were mainly about guiding hairy man Gu Immortals to raise their battle strength.


Lang Ya land spirit himself was not suitable for these missions, and Fang Yuan was the only suitable candidate.


In these last few days, Fang Yuan guided many hairy man Gu Immortals and the response was extremely enthusiastic.


Even when the hairy man Gu Immortals who came later did not receive good training, they did not blame Fang Yuan and instead found reasons caused by themselves.


On one hand, Sixth Hair set an example, on the other, Fang Yuan knew about the information of these hairy men, and used his exquisite communicative skills to enthusiastically get along with them, making these hairy man Gu Immortals have a huge change in their impression of Fang Yuan.


As for why Fang Yuan knew about the information of these hairy man Gu Immortals, that was because he had obtained a lot of intel about Lang Ya blessed land from his transactions with Shadow Sect.


Fang Yuan calculated: “With this, my sect contribution points amount to over one hundred and forty. This is quite lucrative.”


Every time he gave guidance would provide Fang Yuan twenty sect contribution points.


Previously, when Fang Yuan had lent Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po Valley and other resources, he had only earned about three hundred contribution points.


“These one hundred and forty sect contribution points are enough to exchange for some flowing light fruits.” With such thoughts, Fang Yuan moved towards the first cloud city.


In first cloud city, he saw Lang Ya land spirit.


Lang Ya land spirit sized up Fang Yuan and praised: “As worthy of change form Immortal Gu! This hairy man Gu Immortal you have transformed into has almost no flaws, unless I use investigative Immortal Gu.”


When Fang Yuan was arriving, he suddenly had a brilliant idea, and used change form Immortal Gu to transform into a hairy man Gu Immortal.


His aim was clear, it was to get into to Lang Ya land spirit’s good books.


Lang Ya land spirit held the ideology of hairy men rulership, and when he saw this appearance of Fang Yuan, he smiled happily and started praising change form Immortal Gu. In fact, he found his opinion of Fang Yuan rising.


Fang Yuan, however, sighed and spoke with a bitter tone: “This transformation is still not complete, although I have change form Immortal Gu, I lack everlasting Immortal Gu. If I had everlasting Immortal Gu, I could completely transform into a hairy man and truly become a member of Lang Ya Sect! Lord first supreme elder, you might not know, but after these days of being in contact with other hairy man Gu Immortals, I am deeply moved. Human Gu Immortals are crafty and on guard against each other. But hairy men are forthright and sincere, united, warm and cordial, this is a true home. I already can’t bear to part with this place.”


Lang Ya land spirit laughed heartily and repeatedly patted Fang Yuan’s shoulder: “Fang Yuan, having such an awareness is good, very good!”


If he knew Fang Yuan had transacted with Shadow Sect just some days ago and did not report the spy, he would flay Fang Yuan, this insidious fellow, alive!


But what a pity, Lang Ya land spirit did not know any of it.


“I have seen your actions over these last days. You have guided these children and raised their battle strength by a lot, especially Sixth Hair’s! Good, good. These last days, I have heard a lot of good things about you from other hairy man Gu Immortals. Ah, what matter did you come for this time?” Lang Ya land spirit asked.


“I wanted to use some sect contribution points to exchange for some flowing light fruits.” Fang Yuan replied.


“That’s a small matter! As long as your contributions are enough, exchanging for flowing light fruits is no problem.” Lang Ya land spirit waved his hand and said frankly.


Fang Yuan pretended to hesitate: “I have a very slight opinion regarding Lang Ya Sect’s development. I don’t know if I should say it or not?”


“Tell me about it, I’m listening.” Lang Ya land spirit squinted his eyes and smiled.


Fang Yuan spoke: “Over these last days of sparring with many hairy man Gu Immortals, I made some findings. Their battle strength needs to be raised urgently, but how to raise them is the problem. Because all of them primarily cultivate refinement path, and although refinement path also has offensive methods, it is inferior to the offensive prowess of other paths.”


Lang Ya land spirit nodded, Fang Yuan’s words hit his core problems, he could not help but sigh: “This is precisely what I am worried about.”


Fang Yuan continued: “Actually, there is a good way to increase battle strength, that is transformation path.”


“Transformation path?”


“Right.” Fang Yuan slowed down, before continuing: “Among all the Gu cultivation paths, to speak of the one that can increase battle strength the fastest, that would be blood path. But blood path is extremely dangerous and is too threatening to others! Its reputation is vile and it is hated by everyone. Moreover, if one’s blood path cultivation is even slightly high, their name will be added to Heavenly Court’s Demon Judgment Board, and that would expose us. So, blood path won’t do.”


“You are right!” Lang Ya land spirit approved.


Actually, he was also apprehensive towards blood path. If hairy man Gu Immortals cultivated blood path, he was worried if it would lead to internal strife and conflicts in Lang Ya Sect.


Fang Yuan spoke with assurance: “Besides blood path, the path that can increase battle strength the fastest is transformation path. The threshold for transformation path is very low, its immortal killer moves also don’t require any planning, any kind of transformation is an immortal killer move. Normal immortal killer moves require at least a few years of trial and error, right?”


“And in Lang Ya Sect, there are large numbers of Immortal Gu recipes which includes many transformation path Immortal Gu recipes. We have many Immortal Gu recipes but few immortal killer moves. If hairy man Gu Immortals cultivate refinement path primarily and transformation path as the secondary path, they can take advantage of the strengths and avoid the weaknesses.”


“The hairy man Gu Immortals are not hardened, to raise their battle strength would not be a day’s work. If they transformed into desolate beasts, their bodies would become tougher, even if they make some mistakes in battles, it won’t be much of a problem, they can fight back. It won’t be like other paths such as fire path and water path, the body is extremely weak and without defensive methods, they would be in extreme danger in the battlefield.”


“Transformation path Immortal Gu recipes are easy to deduce and their immortal materials are easy to obtain, thus the Immortal Gu are easy to refine as well.”


“Hairy man Gu Immortals can transform into desolate beasts to fight, and it can also be a way to disguise their hairy man identities. Although Lang Ya Sect has deep foundations, the five regions are still ruled by humans. As long as we can do so, we should give as little chance to expose ourselves as possible.”
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1082: Quality over Quantity?

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


Lang Ya land spirit could only keep on nodding at Fang Yuan’s well-founded words.


“Reasonable, reasonable!” He praised.


“I am flattered. This is only my shallow opinion.” Fang Yuan spoke modestly.


Land spirits were straightforward, Lang Ya land spirit did not understand Fang Yuan’s modesty, retorting with a shake of his head: “No, this is not just a shallow opinion, it is a true insight. Your words have inspired me greatly, they are a huge contribution towards Lang Ya Sect.”


“According to Lang Ya Sect’s rules, just this contribution could have raised your status by one level. For instance, Sixth Hair could promote to Fifth Hair. But you are not a true hairy man Gu Immortal right now, so you can only receive two hundred sect contribution points.”


At the end, Lang Ya land spirit looked at Fang Yuan and sighed in regret.


Fang Yuan also showed an extremely regrettable expression on his face.


He was only an external elder at present and did not need to complete any missions, and every month, he would get ten sect contribution points. However, other hairy man Gu Immortals were genuine members, and their monthly earnings were much higher. Moreover, the higher the hairy man Gu Immortal’s ranking, the more sect contribution points they would receive each month.


“How I wish to become a true hairy man!” Fang Yuan lamented, showing a genuine and sincere expression on his face, as if he truly wanted that.


Lang Ya land spirit spoke: “It is a pity that treasure yellow heaven is closed at the moment, once it opens, I will start a large scale purchase of the desolate beasts.”


“I have a slight opinion about this.” Fang Yuan quickly spoke, “There are many hairy man Gu Immortals, and to nurture them, no matter how great our sect’s assets are, we won’t be able to bear such expenses. Moreover, this is not the way to run a business. I suggest we develop our own resources.”


“Oh? How do you propose we do that?” Lang Ya land spirit asked.


Fang Yuan replied: “Simple, like other super forces, we occupy the resources in the five regions.”


Lang Ya land spirit showed a reluctant expression.


He had already thought of this before and also carefully pondered its advantages and disadvantages, before considering it an undesirable choice.


The reason was evident, hairy men were variant humans, and could not be out in the open in the current age.


Although there were variant human forces in Northern Plains, one clear example being Inkman City, this Inkman City only had one inkman Gu Immortal publicly. And in history, Inkman City’s founder, Immortal Yi Yan, had paid a heavy price to reach an agreement with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. These two factors allowed Inkman City to barely be able to survive amidst the countless powerful human forces.


If Lang Ya Sect’s force appeared in the open, with so many hairy man Gu Immortals, it would definitely provoke human Gu Immortals, encroaching upon their bottom line.


Whether it be righteous path, demonic path or lone immortal forces, they would not easily allow the existence of such a powerful outside force.


Lang Ya land spirit might be straightforward, but he was not foolish. He wholeheartedly wanted to make hairy men rule the world, but he was still very aware of the current situation.


However, Fang Yuan had already expected this reaction from Lang Ya land spirit, as he continued: “First supreme elder, I am not suggesting for Lang Ya Sect to openly fight with human forces for the outside world’s resources. We will instead focus on occupying the resources they have not occupied, and secretly develop.”


Realization dawned upon Lang Ya land spirit: “You are referring to those dangerous forbidden areas?”


Northern Plains was vast and broad, but the large and super forces had already split the cultivation resources found within it. What remained mainly were the ten great fierce areas.


“First supreme elder is wise!” Fang Yuan immediately gave a thumbs up in admiring fashion: “The ten great fierce areas are dangerous, but at the same time, they contain plentiful opportunities. In my opinion, Earth Trench is a good place. We can set up a teleportation Gu formation, letting the hairy man Gu Immortals freely go back and forth the blessed land and Earth Trench. There are countless desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts in Earth Trench, they are perfect for the hairy man Gu Immortals to train their combat abilities. Moreover, by killing these desolate beasts, we can use their body parts to refine transformation path Immortal Gu. If we capture these desolate beasts, we can also use beast enslavement Immortal Gu to enslave them and make them aid us, increasing the defense of the blessed land.”


One of the crucial components for this was a teleportation Gu formation.


Accurately speaking, a Gu formation that could transport Gu Immortals.


Lang Ya Sect undoubtedly possessed such a method.


Because when Fang Yuan was previously hurrying back from Southern Border, he used the teleportation Gu formation at Feng Bo Cliff to get rid of those troublesome cloud beasts and return to Lang Ya blessed land.


That teleportation Gu formation had left a deep impression on Fang Yuan.


Lang Ya land spirit sank into contemplation: “This matter is too significant, I need to consider it properly.”


“I am only suggesting, the significant matters in the sect still need to be decided by you, first supreme elder. If my suggestion is flawed, I hope you can be lenient.”


Fang Yuan was deeply aware that pushing too much could be detrimental, he changed the topic to the flowing light fruits he wanted to obtain.


After a while, he left with a large number of flowing light fruits.


Parting with the land spirit, he returned to his own cloud city and immediately started arranging these flowing light fruits.


Flowing light fruits were not ordinary fruits.


They were formed from pure bundles of light, if ordinary people were to try to touch them, they would just pass through their hands. Special methods were needed to collect these fruits.


These fruits did not grow on plants or trees like ordinary fruits either, instead they were a pure materialization of dense aurora lights.


Aurora lights were of many colors, so the same went for flowing light fruits, having all kinds of color like red, brown, yellow, green, black, blue, purple, etc.


Flowing light fruits were the food of attitude Gu.


The reason Fang Yuan exchanged for flowing light fruits was because of this.


Ever since the transactions, the Immortal Gu Fang Yuan possessed had suddenly increased to a terrifying number.


Counting his current collection.


Rank nine Immortal Gu: wisdom Gu.


Rank eight Immortal Gu: attitude Gu, wisdom sword Gu.


Rank seven Immortal Gu: Change Soul, Sword Eyebrows, Wave Sword, Sword Escape, Calamity Beckoning.


Rank six Immortal Gu: Unravel Mystery, Woman’s Heart, Blood Asset, Dark Limit, Dog Shit Luck, Change Form, Strength Qi, Self Strength, Flying Bear Strength, Pulling Mountain, Pulling Water, Landscape as Before, Man as Before, Star Eyes.


Among them, to refine Bo Qing’s sword path Gu worms, Fang Yuan had left Woman’s Heart in Hu Immortal blessed land before the battle of Yi Tian Mountain. He had used the light of wisdom to construct a Gu formation, in which Unravel Mystery and Woman’s Heart were two components. But Unravel Mystery was brought away by Fang Yuan after it had been activated at the start. Woman’s Heart, however, needed to remain in the Gu formation, until Bo Qing’s sword path Immortal Gu were successfully refined, before it could be taken out.


Because of this, after the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, when Fang Yuan used Lang Ya Sect to completely move away the resources in the two blessed lands, Woman’s Heart was also taken by Lang Ya blessed land before finally returning to Fang Yuan’s hands.


Connect luck Gu and iron crown eagle strength Gu, which originally belonged to Fang Yuan, were placed in treasure yellow heaven by Ying Wu Xie, so Fang Yuan was not able to obtain them during the transactions. After finishing the transactions, it was even more impossible for him to get them back.


Among the star path Gu worms, only star eyes Immortal Gu returned to Fang Yuan’s possession, while it was a mystery whether the other Immortal Gu like Star Shoot, Star Mark, Starlight and Star Thought were in Ying Wu Xie’s hands, he did not know if they still existed or not.


In the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, when Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage broke down, many of its Gu worms were destroyed, but there were still some Gu worms remaining which had been left behind in the immortal zombie body’s immortal aperture. Fang Yuan was not too familiar with those Gu worms and he did not even remember their appearances (the loss of memories), and also did know how many of them were withheld by Ying Wu Xie.


It was not that Fang Yuan did not want to take these Gu worms back, but before he could even talk about it, Ying Wu Xie had already concluded the transaction.


Normally speaking, there was a rule for Immortal Gu, quality over quantity.


Forget about mortal Gu, even for a large number of mortal Gu, Gu Immortals could raise them.


Immortal Gu were the key factor in measuring a Gu Immortal’s strength.


Very few Gu Immortals raised as many Immortal Gu as Fang Yuan currently possessed.


Even many rank eight Gu Immortals did not have as many as Fang Yuan.


This was not in the least bit exaggerated.


It was enough for most Gu Immortals to have two or three Immortal Gu. Naturally, these Immortal Gu were suited for their ranks.


One Immortal Gu, when matched with large numbers of different combinations of mortal Gu, could result in different immortal killer moves and produce different effects which covered offense, defense, movement, healing and other aspects.


But just one Immortal Gu was not enough.


Because with just one Immortal Gu, the Gu Immortal could only activate one immortal killer move at one time. If they used a defensive killer move, they would not have offensive methods, or they would lose their movement advantage, and could only be in a passive situation. If they used offense, then they would not have defensive method, which could cause the Gu Immortal’s situation to be very dangerous.


But with two Immortal Gu, both could be simultaneously used to cover all aspects.


Having more than three Immortal Gu would become a burden, generally, they could not be nurtured properly and used.


After all, activating Immortal Gu required immortal essence.


There were few examples where someone used higher rank Immortal Gu like Fang Yuan using rank seven Immortal Gu. It was because he was a special case and his experiences were different from the vast majority of Gu Immortals.


Gu Immortals were very selective in choosing Immortal Gu.


They were selective not in terms of quantity, but they focused on and limited the range of types of Immortal Gu.


A fire path Gu Immortal would perform best with fire path Immortal Gu, using water path or ice path would simply be looking for trouble. Even if they had Immortal Gu of other paths, they could at most be used as supplementary Gu worms for immortal killer moves.


The quality of Immortal Gu was valued, not their number, this was common sense in the cultivation world, almost all Gu Immortals knew of it.


To Fang Yuan, however, this was not applicable.


Because he had the nine-five sovereign immortal aperture.


He had no worries about not having enough space in his immortal aperture. The rate of time was also fast, allowing the resources inside to grow extremely quickly.


These were all part of his potential.


Fang Yuan was already aware he had the potential to bear the burden of supporting large numbers of Immortal Gu!


Since he had this potential, he naturally would excavate as much of it as possible.


The second reason was that Fang Yuan was earning a lot daily, his current financial condition was extremely good.


His sovereign immortal aperture produced ninety-six beads of immortal essence every year. This one year was in relation to the time in the immortal aperture. In terms of the time in the outside world, his aperture would produce sixteen beads of immortal essence every day.


This number was already a lot, even those of the ten extreme physiques could not compare to it. When factoring in Fang Yuan’s monthly income, this number was simply a drop in the bucket.


This meant Fang Yuan had the capital to provide for these Immortal Gu.


There was also Lang Ya Sect, which could be relied upon to a certain degree.


These three reasons added up to make Fang Yuan determined in raising large numbers of Immortal Gu to raise his battle strength.


There was no other way, whether it was facing heaven’s will or the calamities and tribulations, Fang Yuan needed to ensure his strength was high.


A Gu Immortal’s battle strength mostly came from their Immortal Gu and immortal killer moves.


Currently, Fang Yuan had few immortal killer moves, and he could not use wisdom Gu either, deducing more would require too much time, so he could only place his efforts in the aspect of Immortal Gu.


Fang Yuan was naturally aware of Ying Wu Xie’s scheme, it was to increase Fang Yuan’s burden by giving him these Immortal Gu, and letting him have no time and energy to influence Shadow Sect’s movements.


However, Fang Yuan needed large numbers of Immortal Gu to keep up his battle strength.


He also had the potential and the capital to raise these Immortal Gu.


This was completely different from when he was an immortal zombie.


The nine-five sovereign immortal aperture was the most crucial reason!
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1083: Feeding Immortal Gu

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


Most of Fang Yuan’s attention was on his immortal aperture.


Large numbers of light path mortal Gu flew around before carrying flowing light fruits towards the sky.


Piercing through layers and layers of ‘heavens’, after a long period of flying, these flowing light fruits finally reached the highest layer.


Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture was divided into five regions and nine heavens.


After considering it, Fang Yuan stored all the flowing light fruits in the highest layer.


“Although there are quite a few space path dao marks, I cannot imitate land spirits and directly use space path dao marks to teleport. After all, there is a huge difference between a Gu Immortal and land spirit. Land spirits are special existences formed from heavenly power merged with the Gu Immortal’s obsession.”


“The sovereign immortal aperture is extremely vast, it seems I will have to arrange a transportation Gu formation inside to facilitate the ease of transferring resources, and to adjust the structure and the layout of the various resources.”


Fang Yuan’s thought process was quite scattered.


Right now, all the flowing light fruits had entered the highest layer of the aperture.


The Gu worms Fang Yuan had mobilized brought the flowing light fruits to a specific location.


Poof poof poof...


In the next moment, soft explosions went off endlessly.


The flowing light fruits self-detonated one after the other.


Each flowing light fruit was not big, but after self-detonation, they rapidly formed into aurora lights that filled the sky, shining with all kinds of colors, forming a beautiful sight.


The essence of these flowing light fruits was condensed aurora light.


The reason Fang Yuan gathered these flowing light fruits was to feed attitude Gu, but why was he detonating these flowing light fruits?


It was because although the quantity of these flowing light fruits was not small, it was far from enough to fill attitude Gu.


Attitude Gu was a rank eight Immortal Gu, although its duration between feeding times was extremely long, every feeding session required an enormous amount of flowing light fruits.


This was normal when feeding Gu worms.


Normally, the higher the rank of the Gu worms, the more food they required, but the interval between each feeding session would increase greatly as well.


Gu worms altogether had nine ranks, rank eight was only below rank nine, the amount of food attitude Gu required was naturally an enormous number.


So Fang Yuan obtained these flowing light fruits in order to produce more fruits from them.


He detonated eighty percent of these fruits. He let the remaining twenty percent of the fruits float to the sky, nourishing them in the vast aurora lights.


As for the light path mortal Gu which carried the fruits, Fang Yuan retrieved and stored them.


“My sect contribution points were originally not many, but who could have thought that after giving a suggestion, Lang Ya land spirit himself increased my sect contribution points. And I was able to exchange for a satisfying number of these flowing light fruits.”


“Next, I need to bring in large numbers of a mortal Gu, dazzling light Gu, to let these aurora lights grow.”


Dazzling light Gu could erupt with red aurora lights, to maintain their survival, Fang Yuan would need to add in their food here, which was scorching swan stones.


However, neither of these were available in Lang Ya Sect’s treasury, Fang Yuan needed to wait until treasure yellow heaven reopened to put this plan into action.


“Moreover, dazzling light Gu is only the simplest method to produce aurora lights, it is not very effective.”


“There are Gu Immortals in treasure yellow heaven who sells flowing light fruits. I remember that among them are Visitor Can Xia, Qing Hui Zi and Fairy Cai Xia. Maybe I can ask for guidance from them, paying an amount to purchase their insights. But whether this succeeds or not, it will depend on their decision.”


There was still quite a long time before attitude Gu starved.


Fang Yuan was planning for the future by doing this.


After all, attitude Gu’s appetite was too huge, making prior preparations wouldn’t be the least harmful.


Right now, Fang Yuan’s situation was still rather leisurely.


Although he had gained a lot of Immortal Gu, it was not the time to feed most of them.


And the first earthly calamity had been passed not long ago, there was still ample time before the second calamity.


Fang Yuan now intended to focus on managing his immortal aperture as his main priority.


“I have already prepared for attitude Gu’s feeding. But attitude Gu is not mine, there is Hei Lou Lan’s will inside it. Right now, I know that Hei Lou Lan has betrayed the agreement and sided with Ying Wu Xie; so some of the information path restrictions on me should have been broken as well.”


“That means I can now refine this attitude Gu to make it my own!”


Attitude Gu was the greatest harvest Fang Yuan made recently.


Even Fang Yuan, when he borrowed Gu from Hei Lou Lan back then, had not thought there would be a day attitude Gu would fall into his hands.


But refining attitude Gu was not a simple matter.


Because attitude Gu was not a wild Immortal Gu, moreover it was rank eight while Fang Yuan was merely a rank six Gu Immortal.


For him to forcibly refine a rank eight Immortal Gu of another person was not only incomparably difficult, it could also destroy attitude Gu if he did not handle it properly.


“But I have a method which can help me refine Immortal Gu of others. That Gu formation which I thought of before, I will just name it wisdom refinement formation for now.”


Fang Yuan casually chose a name.


He was not concerned about these minor details, which was why he only named the Gu formation now.


Previously, he had robbed many sword path Immortal Gu from immortal zombie Bo Qing, and to refine them, he used the light of wisdom and star thoughts to deduce the wisdom refinement formation.


The wisdom refinement formation was constructed by using the light of wisdom, with Woman’s Heart and Unravel Mystery as the cores and large numbers of supplementary mortal Gu.


Change Soul, Sword Eyebrows, Flying Sword, Sword Escape, Wave Sword and rank eight Wisdom Sword were all refined by Fang Yuan with the help of the wisdom refinement formation.


But the issue right now was that wisdom Gu did not acknowledge Fang Yuan, which meant he could not use light of wisdom, so how would he arrange the wisdom refinement formation?


To bring about the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan’s soul had to be in his original body, only then could he obtain wisdom Gu’s acknowledgement.


So this issue came down to the previous point, that was Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body.


The plan of refining attitude Gu and making it completely his was set aside for the moment.


Fang Yuan’s next plan was to feed wisdom sword Immortal Gu.


This Immortal Gu was like attitude Gu, it was similarly a rank eight Immortal Gu. It was classified under sword path and also under wisdom path.


Wisdom sword cuts the threads of love!


In the past, Sword Immortal Bo Qing used this Immortal Gu to cut the wisdom path dao marks left by love Gu on his body, getting rid of the restrictions and regaining his freedom. He even used this to incite Spirit Affinity House’s Fairy Mo Yao to rebel, using her for his own purposes.


This wisdom sword Immortal Gu could be said to be an amazing method which helped Bo Qing to turn the tides of his situation!


Right now, wisdom sword Immortal Gu was already refined by Fang Yuan.


But it was rather difficult for Fang Yuan to use it currently.


It was already very hard for Fang Yuan to use rank seven Immortal Gu. Using green grape immortal essence to activate wisdom sword Immortal Gu, if compared to a situation on Earth, might be like trying to run an aircraft carrier with two double A batteries.


Wisdom sword Immortal Gu was a genuine rank eight Immortal Gu, and needed rank eight immortal essence to activate.


One could see how outstanding attitude Gu was from this point.


Although it was also a rank eight Immortal Gu, attitude Gu could be activated using mental energy and be freely used by even rank six Gu Immortals. It was worthy of being a legendary Immortal Gu recorded in <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>!


“Wisdom sword Immortal Gu feeds on multicolored overlord flowers.”


“This flower is extremely huge, each mature multicolored overlord flower can cover an enormous surrounding range. For the flower to mature, it requires large amounts of illumination, intense sweet scents as well as pearl soil.”


This difficulty was very high, many times higher than flowing light fruits.


Flowing light fruits were only a rank six immortal material, while multicolored overlord flowers were rank seven.


If Fang Yuan wanted to plant multicolored overlord flowers on a large scale, he needed to fulfill three conditions. Illumination, sweet scents and pearl soil.


First, illumination was quite difficult.


Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture had about a hundred or so light path dao marks, so it was filled with some light and was not dim like his immortal zombie body’s dead aperture.


But this light was certainly not enough to fulfill the demands of multicolored overlord flowers.


Unless he used the aurora lights of flowing light fruits.


But if he did that, his plans for flowing light fruits would be completely ruined. Light would be used up, it was consumable, especially since those aurora lights did not have any source right now.


The most basic solution was to increase the number of light path dao marks in the immortal aperture.


Light path Gu Immortals with deep foundation and accumulation often had limitless illumination in their immortal aperture.


But for Fang Yuan to achieve this in a short period, apart from having the earthly calamity be a light path calamity, he would have to kill light path Gu Immortal and absorb their dao marks.


The former was up to heaven’s will, it could not be relied upon, while the latter was dangerous and also not reliable. Battles were hazardous and terrifying. Back then, Fang Yuan was able to kill Qi Zai because the latter had underestimated him, chasing him all the way, Fang Yuan had also used the special terrain of the Five Regional Mountain Range and used familiar face before he killed Qi Zai, obtaining the corpse and the soul.


The first condition, illumination, was the most difficult to resolve. There were many ways to obtain the other two, sweet scents and pearl soil. Pearl soil, especially, was sold on a large scale in treasure yellow heaven and was also not expensive.


Of course, Lang Ya blessed land did not have them.


The aforementioned plans were only those for feeding attitude Gu and wisdom sword Gu, and they already took up much of Fang Yuan’s time and energy.


Fortunately, rank nine wisdom Gu’s feeding was already taken care of by Lang Ya land spirit.


Wisdom Gu’s food was lifespan Gu.


Fang Yuan did not even dare to think about it.


Even he would want to take its food.


“The feeding plans for attitude Gu and wisdom sword Gu have already been arranged. Next would be the rank sevens, Change Soul, Sword Eyebrows, Wave Sword, Sword Escape and Calamity Beckoning.”


Fang Yuan had already fed calamity beckoning Gu with the black blood of the six headed snake.


The six headed snake was a desolate beast with six heads. Fang Yuan had once bought the snake’s corpse in treasure yellow heaven, but now for his long term plan, he intended to move over several six headed snakes into his immortal aperture to breed them.


As for the other rank seven Immortal Gu, their feeding plans required Fang Yuan to carefully arrange them.


Naturally, Fang Yuan did not forget Chu Du still had his rank seven flying sword Immortal Gu.


Its feeding issue was handed over to Chu Du.


In any case, Chu Du coveted Fang Yuan’s tribulation technique, how could he let flying sword Immortal Gu starve?


In this aspect, Chu Du could be considered to be helping out Fang Yuan and decreasing his burden.
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1084: Manipulating Mortals, Plotting Against the Land Spirit

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


In Lang Ya blessed land, the capital of Black Hair Kingdom.


There was hubbub of voices, a nationwide competition was reaching its end.


On the arena, the final two Gu Masters were in an intense battle, chasing for the final throne of victory.


Almost all the observing hairy men were supporting one side.


Because the other side was Gu Yue Fang Zheng.


He was a human Gu Master, so he naturally would not receive the support of the hairy men.


Even the Black Hair King observing from the raised platform was frowning. He did not want to see the final winner of the first national martial contest to be a human Gu Master. Would this not make his kingdom the laughing stock of the other two kingdoms? It would even seem like the Black Hair Kingdom’s talents were declining to let a human Gu Master easily obtain victory.


If Fang Zheng won, it would no doubt seriously infringe on Black Hair Kingdom’s political interests. So the Black Hair King had already planned beforehand and tampered with this battle.


“It has finally activated.” Black Hair King suddenly felt joyous as his eyes flashed with bright lights.


On the arena, Fang Zheng suddenly felt dizzy and almost fell down to the ground.


“What’s happening?!” Fang Zheng paled in fright and subconsciously pushed his hands.


Rumble... surging waves rose up out of thin air and charged towards his opponent.


Fang Zheng’s opponent was a rank five fire path hairy man Gu Master.


Fang Zheng’s sudden powerful attack gave this hairy man a scare, he immediately jumped to the air to avoid the wave.


Under his hairy feet were two lantern-like flames, which could let him float for some time.


But because of this, he lost the best opportunity to attack Fang Zheng.


Fang Zheng was slowly recovering but still felt extreme dizziness, his condition was quite bad, but he had experienced many setbacks and tempering, so right now, he had already restrained his expression, not showing anything wrong on the outside.


The wave appeared quickly and dissipated just as quickly, the hairy man Gu Master also hurriedly descended.


He was not a flying master, standing in the air would make him a good target.


Just now, he was forced to dodge the water wave with no alternative option. Right now, he was immediately making up for it.


The two sides confronted again.


“Fang Zheng, you have been schemed against by someone. I do not know when, but someone secretly planted a Gu worm in your soul.” Fang Yuan’s will revealed the truth to Fang Zheng.


“How could it be?” Fang Zheng was shocked and furious.


Fang Yuan’s will sighed: “This soul path Gu worm has a faint connection with that Black Hair King sitting on the platform. It seems he is the one who schemed against you.”


“Damn it! Damn it!” Fang Zheng clenched his fists, finally showing a furious and hatred filled expression.


“What happened?” Fang Zheng’s opponent was observing his expression and suddenly seeing his expression change, he thought Fang Zheng was preparing a powerful move and was immediately on complete guard.


Fang Yuan’s will sneered: “Now do you believe me? I already told you Black Hair Kingdom’s higher ups won’t let you win so easily. This martial contest has all along been a tool for those in power, although they advocate fairness on the surface, those that truly expect it to be fair are fools.”


“You are right!” Fang Zheng gritted his teeth, his eyes opened wide as if fire would burst out, “But I want victory even more now!”


“Heh, this enthusiasm... you are still so young, my foolish brother.” Fang Yuan’s will was very aware of Fang Zheng unwillingness to give in, thinking of this secretly.


Actually, the best response would be to intentionally lose to the opponent and end at second.


With that, Fang Zheng would not have to overwork himself and Black Hair Kingdom’s higher ups would also be happy to accept the result. Such an outcome would not only show Black Hair Kingdom’s talents to be outstanding, it would also show the King’s generosity of promoting talents no matter their origins, even accepting a human Gu Master.


However, Fang Zheng wanted to get the first position, not only was it making it hard for himself, he was also turning other hairy men hostile to him.


First or second, what’s the difference?


Just momentary victory or defeat, it would not be a turning point of one’s life, was it really so important?


But Fang Yuan’s will was happy to see this.


Fang Zheng was deeply prejudiced against him, only by using constant pressure from external force could Fang Zheng work together with him and be subtly influenced.


And the current choice made by Fang Zheng would result in an enormous obstruction, which was greatly beneficial for Fang Yuan’s training plan.


So, Fang Yuan’s will decided to do all he could to bring about Fang Zheng’s wish.


He spoke: “I am only a will, you can only think about how to get rid of this soul path Gu worm after the battle. Right now, your soul is injured and so you cannot use River Swallowing Toad anymore. After all, commanding River Swallowing Toad to battle uses up an enormous amount of your mental energy. Although you have lost this trump card, you still have hope to win. Just listen to my instructions now!”


Fang Zheng let out a muffled snort, although he did not feel good about it, with the current situation as it was, he could only give tacit consent to the words of Fang Yuan’s will.


Fang Zheng himself might not be aware of it.


But after these days of interaction, he had indeed begun to change.


Just as Fang Yuan went out of Luo Po Valley, his will returned to him.


After careful inspection, finding no issues with it, Fang Yuan let this will enter his mind.


In his mind, countless thoughts surged like tidal waves and surrounded this will, closely interacting with each other.


In just an instant, Fang Yuan learned of Fang Zheng’s recent developments.


“Oh? Under my will’s instructions, he defeated his opponent and obtained first?”


“Doing pretty well, I see.”


“But with this, he has caused the entire Black Hair Kingdom to lose face. Haha, interesting. Winning the competition, but losing even more, your coming days will not be so comfortable, my little brother.”


“But this is very helpful to my reeducation plan, isn’t it?”


“Moreover, I still have an arrangement left in Steel Thread City which is currently being prepared.”


Fang Yuan condensed another will of his, its size was several times larger than the returned will.


Reeducating Fang Zheng would need the will to think, which would cause it to be consumed continuously and require replenishment from Fang Yuan frequently.


Right away, Fang Yuan pointed forward with a finger, several rank five Gu worms flew out and guarded this enormous will as they flew down to Black Hair Continent.


When they arrived just above Black Hair Continent, this will further divided into two parts.


One part flew towards Black Hair Kingdom’s capital, while the other portion flew to Steel Thread City.


Steel Thread City’s City Lord was that female hairy man who favored Fang Zheng. Fang Yuan’s will quietly seeped into her mind.


It was easy for a Gu Immortal to plot against a Gu Master.


The female city lord was currently processing some documents, strictly managing the affairs of the city. She did not have even the slightest awareness of Fang Yuan’s will, and also did not sense her lower abdomen had slightly swollen.


“My hidden card has been placed.” In the sky, in Cloud Cover Continent, Fang Yuan chuckled as he withdrew his gaze.


This feeling of controlling the fate of mortals was indeed quite the symbol of being an immortal.


The fundamental cause of it was that the strength of Gu Immortals far surpassed mortals.


“Changing Fang Zheng’s perspective has already shown slight success, moreover it is progressing smoothly. But I have yet to deduce blood deity Immortal Gu’s recipe.”


“The problem is still wisdom Gu.”


Right now, some days had already gone by since Fang Yuan stored flowing light fruits in his immortal aperture.


Fang Yuan was increasingly feeling the disadvantage of not being able to use the light of wisdom.


However, the issue in his immortal zombie body was still in the process of being resolved.


Fang Yuan pondered, his soul path attainment was far inferior to Shadow Sect’s, but he still thought of a way — he could increase his soul foundation!


This was coping with the changes by sticking to the fundamental principle.


If he cultivated his soul to the terrifying level of Spectral Soul, any soul path traps in his body would be of no use.


Naturally, for Fang Yuan to cultivate to Spectral Soul’s level was extremely far-off into the future. But Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body had only gone through Ying Wu Xie’s hands, who was only a split soul that was far inferior to the main body.


Thus, for the last few days, Fang Yuan was not only managing his immortal aperture and guiding hairy man Gu Immortals, earning large numbers of sect contribution points, he also made time to enter Luo Po Valley every day to temper his soul, afterwards, he would use guts Gu to heal and strengthen the soul.


Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley were indeed the two sacred lands of soul cultivation proclaimed by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


Not even ten days had passed and Fang Yuan’s soul foundation had already become quite deep.


However, Fang Yuan was still not confident at the moment to test out the trap that might be in his immortal zombie body.


Another day went by, Fang Yuan came out of Luo Po Valley, and saw an information path Gu worm flying towards him.


Fang Yuan read it briefly, Lang Ya land spirit had called for him to discuss important matters.


Fang Yuan was immediately joyous, thinking to himself that it was finally here. Actually, he had also been secretly waiting for Lang Ya land spirit’s response.


He immediately set out and not long later, he arrived at the first cloud city with the appearance of a hairy man.


Lang Ya land spirit greeted: “You’ve arrived, come sit over here.”


Fang Yuan had just sat down when Lang Ya land spirit spoke again: “I considered your suggestion for some days, and I feel it is quite reasonable. But choosing Earth Trench is not very appropriate. You might not be aware, but currently Earth Trench is in a mess, much more activity there than in the past. Many Northern Plains Gu Immortals of righteous path, demonic path or even lone cultivators are hanging out there.”


Fang Yuan revealed a slightly surprised expression, and deliberately asked while knowing the reason clearly: “What is the reason?”


“Because of the battle on Yi Tian Mountain, each region’s Zombie Alliance has now become an empty shell. Northern Plains Zombie Alliance also disappeared without a trace, inciting many doubts and probes. Zombie Alliance’s members seem to have almost all died, the probing Gu Immortals became more audacious seeing no response. Not only have they already encroached upon Northern Plains Zombie Alliance’s cultivation resources, they have also invaded Earth Trench. That is where the final territory of Zombie Alliance is. According to the rumors, a righteous path wisdom path Gu Immortal deduced that Northern Plains Zombie Alliance’s headquarters, Dark Flow Giant City, had sunken into Earth Trench and disappeared.” Lang Ya land spirit replied.


“So it was like that.” Fang Yuan showed a look of realization, “Since that is the case, Earth Trench is now a dangerous territory, it seems my previous suggestion cannot be implemented.”


While saying this, Fang Yuan inwardly thought: “It seems that although Shadow Sect intentionally sacrificed Zombie Alliance, they had also left behind some defensive measures. Like Dark Flow Giant City sinking into Earth Trench. With Shadow Sect’s methods, since they could make Dark Flow Giant City sink into Earth Trench, it is probably hidden very well. It will be very difficult for the Northern Plains Gu Immortals to find it, their efforts might even be in vain.”


Lang Ya land spirit continued: “Earth Trench’s situation is too complicated, we cannot meddle in it. But your suggestion is still good, I have decided to adopt it. At present, the location I have decided upon is also one of the ten great fierce areas, this one.”


Saying this, Lang Ya land spirit pointed at a part on the map.


Fang Yuan’s sight followed Lang Ya land spirit’s hairy finger to the bottom right part of Northern Plains.


To the southeast of a super force, Guan tribe, and north-west of another, Liu tribe.


Fang Yuan’s expression had no change, as he inwardly rejoiced: “This is it.”
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1085: Trip to Tai Qiu

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


The location pointed out by Lang Ya land spirit was Tai Qiu!


Fang Yuan’s true target was also Tai Qiu.


But it was not good for him to say it immediately, he could only beat about the bush, leading Lang Ya land spirit to ‘comprehend’ the answer himself.


Tai Qiu was one of the ten great fierce areas of Northern Plains.


A type of giant grass grew here. This grass was extremely large and sturdy, one stalk of grass could compare to a normal tree of a hundred years in age.


This giant grass grew everywhere in Tai Qiu.


The huge swathes of grass formed into a large primitive jungle.


Inside the jungle lived large numbers of desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts, and one could even see vague indications of immemorial desolate beasts.


So even Gu Immortals did not dare to intrude. Even those rank eight Gu Immortals had to be careful, a slight slip-up and the disturbance could create a beast tide here.


Dong Fang Chang Fan had set up his inheritance here for his possession revival plan. Later, Fang Yuan and the rest had also fought an intense battle at Tai Qiu.


“This place... you should be familiar, right?” Lang Ya land spirit smiled at Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan said: “It is indeed somewhat familiar because of Dong Fang Chang Fan’s matter.” Saying this, he glanced at Lang Ya land spirit, the latter clearly knew of this history.


“I intend to set up a teleportation Gu formation here at Tai Qiu. What do you think?” Lang Ya land spirit asked.


Fang Yuan spoke with hesitation: “To speak the truth, I don’t suggest setting up a Gu formation in Tai Qiu. It is because I am slightly familiar with it that I feel we cannot do it. This is a hornet’s nest, just a slight commotion can lead to a beast tide. And this beast tide won’t be a simple mortal beast tide, it will comprise desolate beasts and even ancient desolate beast. There is even a possibility of attracting immemorial desolate beasts.”


“I had fought here before. But that was because Dong Fang Chang Fan had set a battle stage using an immemorial ruin bat’s corpse. The immemorial desolate beast’s aura deterred other desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts. It was because of this that there was no beast tide. But when the tribulations struck and the immemorial desolate beast’s aura was eliminated, that immemorial ruin bat’s corpse was immediately split up and devoured by countless desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts. We can see how terrifying Tai Qiu is from this.”


“If we were to set up a teleportation Gu formation in Tai Qiu, and set it around the periphery, we might be able to travel back and forth, but our sect’s Gu Immortals will also be easily sensed by other forces. While if we set the teleportation Gu formation inside the inner regions of Tai Qiu, once a battle goes awry, the Gu Immortals would not be able to escape. Even if we choose an optimal location that considers these, once the battle’s scale enlarges slightly, it will lead to a beast tide which could then be sensed by humans.”


“It is because of these reasons that super forces don’t want to touch Tai Qiu. Our sect needs to worry about much more than them. This area is not a good choice.”


Fang Yuan analyzed the pros and cons of the plan, speaking with a loyal expression as if he wanted to convince Lang Ya land spirit.


Lang Ya land spirit laughed heartily.


While laughing, he patted Fang Yuan’s shoulder.


He laughed for a good while before speaking: “Fang Yuan, you are right. But you can be assured, tell me, what is this?”


Lang Ya land spirit looked like he was offering a treasure as he handed an information path Gu worm to Fang Yuan.


After Fang Yuan inspected it, he pretended to have a shocked and joyous expression, stammering: “Thi... thi... this! This is actually such a detailed map of Tai Qiu. This is truly a godsend at the most crucial moment, ah, no, our sect’s foundation is actually that deep. If I had not seen this personally, I might not have believed it!”


“Hehehe, good kid, has your vision expanded?” Lang Ya land spirit laughed brightly, as he jumped and waved his hands.


“Amazing, amazing!” Fang Yuan gave a thumbs up, expressing in a sincere way.


Lang Ya land spirit excitedly explained: “In the past, to acquire immortal materials from Tai Qiu, my main body made repeated trips there, and after combining his experiences with others’ deductions, he got this Tai Qiu map!”


“So it was like that.” Fang Yuan looked like he was enlightened.


In truth, he was already aware of it.


This intel was a small part of what he obtained from the transactions with Shadow Sect.


This Tai Qiu map allowed Fang Yuan to plan and intentionally mention Earth Trench, while he was in fact luring Lang Ya land spirit’s attention to this place.


Lang Ya land spirit pointed at the information path Gu worm in Fang Yuan’s hand: “This map not only records all the topography of Tai Qiu, it also records the distribution of the various beast groups. But there is a huge flaw, this map was created a long time ago, there will definitely be many changes in Tai Qiu after all these years.”


“First supreme elder is right, I also have this worry.” Fang Yuan quickly confirmed.


Lang Ya land spirit continued: “Aren’t you familiar with this place? You are also a human Gu Immortal with change form Immortal Gu to boot, I intend to send you there with this map...”


Lang Ya land spirit had yet to finish speaking when Fang Yuan stood up straight and spoke without hesitation: “First supreme elder only needs to give me the command, being able to work for the sect and in such an important matter at that, this is my honor!”


Lang Ya land spirit laughed heartily, patting Fang Yuan’s shoulder, indicating him to be seated: “Fang Yuan, you are good, I didn’t misjudge you. Rest assured, the sect absolutely won’t treat you unfairly. On your trip, act according to the circumstances. The main matter is to inspect Tai Qiu’s terrain and improve this Tai Qiu map. If you get the opportunity, you should set up the basic form of the teleportation Gu formation at a suitable location.”


“There are three locations on the map. These three locations mark the areas of the corpses of immemorial desolate beasts. Prioritize in inspecting these three locations, if you can set up a teleportation Gu formation in one of them, that would be great.”


“Naturally, you need to take care of yourself and move about secretly. Even if you are discovered by humans, never disclose the existence of our sect.”


Lang Ya land spirit repeatedly reminded.


Fang Yuan quickly nodded, even patting his chest in assurance: “First supreme elder, you can rest at ease. I will make some preparations and set off immediately!”


“Good, good.” Lang Ya land spirit laughed loudly, extremely pleased with Fang Yuan.


Actually, there was not much to prepare, Lang Ya blessed land’s foundation was deep, Fang Yuan was rather at ease placing Luo Po Valley, Dang Hun Mountain and wisdom Gu here.


Even if there was the spy from Shadow Sect, it would not hamper this situation. The disturbance Sixth Hair could create was small, adding on that Shadow Sect was already barely able to take care of itself, it would not dare to invade Lang Ya blessed land.


As for Heavenly Court, even if they discovered Lang Ya blessed land, what would they do?


During the five regions chaotic war, Heavenly Court attacked Lang Ya blessed land and a few times at that. In the end, Feng Jiu Ge was killed off before they were able to conquer Lang Ya blessed land. Even more importantly, at present, the regional walls still existed in the five regions.


Inspecting his Immortal Gu once again, Fang Yuan decided to carry almost all of these Immortal Gu with him. As for his immortal zombie body, he also brought it with him. His sovereign immortal aperture had enough space to carry them all.


Speaking of which, his immortal zombie body was quite a problem, and the Spring Autumn Cicada inside was even more of a problem.


Spring Autumn Cicada was currently sealed by some unknown methods, it was unable to absorb the water of the River of Time and could only bear its hunger passively, gradually falling towards the abyss of destruction.


Not only this, Spring Autumn Cicada still had heaven’s will in it.


Fang Yuan already knew about this from the transaction.


He also knew of much precious information regarding heaven’s will.


These were huge gains!


“I have the sovereign immortal aperture, which is a small world independent of the outside world. But right now, I am carrying Spring Autumn Cicada and large numbers of snow monsters filled with heaven’s will, there will definitely be obstructions when I go to Tai Qiu. Just like when I was hurrying back from Southern Border, I met the cloud beasts, was pursued by Qi Zai and so on.”


Fang Yuan understood this clearly.


He was no longer ignorant regarding heaven’s will, instead, he knew a lot.


Heaven’s will was not omnipotent, heaven’s will had its own restrictions.


After understanding heaven’s will, the threat of heaven’s will decreased immensely.


After all, an unknown enemy was the most troublesome. Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated!


The first earthly calamity’s might had sharply increased, Fang Yuan knew that was heaven’s will trying to eradicate him. But he underwent tribulation in the northern icy plain which unknowingly had helped him a lot.


The reason was, a large portion of the earthly calamity had been influenced by Reckless Savage’s true meaning, taking over the role of heaven’s will, forming into iron crown eagles, ruin bats and so on.


Only the snow monsters were formed from heaven’s will.


Their bodies held purely heaven’s will, they would not rest until they eradicated Fang Yuan.


The influence of Reckless Savage’s true meaning had weakened the dangers of the snow monsters by a large degree.


Currently, these snow monsters were still in Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture. Each of them held heaven’s will, like Spring Autumn Cicada. When Fang Yuan went outside, he would be as clear as a torch in the darkness to heaven’s will’s perception.


“Heaven’s will cannot make a move by itself, unless it is during calamities or tribulations. When I go out now, heaven’s will would definitely influence others to kill me. I will deal with whatever it sends when the time comes!”


Bright light flashed, in the central region of dragon elephant plain, a young-looking Gu Immortal appeared out of thin air.


He wore snow white clothes, his face looked mild like jade, his dark hair reached down to his waist, and he had a pair of dark eyes which seemed to have unfathomable depths.


He was Gu Yue Fang Yuan.


“I am out!” Fang Yuan took a deep breath, and immediately activated defensive Gu worms and investigative Gu worms.


Many types of investigative methods were activated together.


His gaze scanned all directions, and his perception covered everything within ten thousand steps.


It was temporarily safe.


Every since Lang Ya blessed land migrated from crescent lake, its exact location was only known by Lang Ya land spirit.


This was among the greatest secrets of Lang Ya blessed land, the land spirit would not tell anyone.


But he had also arranged several teleportation Gu formations outside, facilitating transportation between the inside and the outside world.


This response was much wiser than the previous Lang Ya land spirit.


One of Lang Ya blessed land’s teleportation Gu formations was set up at Feng Bo Cliff. Now, Fang Yuan learned of the location of a second teleportation Gu formation, it was this place, Northern Plains’ dragon elephant plain.


“I need to get a move on, it is not safe to stay for long at this place.”


At Fang Yuan’s will, Gu worms started to fly inside his immortal aperture.


His figure shot upwards like an arrow.


His field of vision immediately expanded, and as he looked below him, dragon elephant plain’s terrain entered his vision.


Dragon elephant plain had a flat terrain and an extraordinary majesty to it. There was plenty of water and lush vegetation, dragon elephant groups were scattered everywhere.


This was a famous habitat of dragon elephants in Northern Plains, and was under the control of a nearby super force.


“Grand rivers and hills, such a beautiful sight.” Fang Yuan praised before hiding his figure and flying away.
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1086: Speed!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


A few minutes later, Fang Yuan had already left dragon elephant plain.


He saw a huge field of clouds in front of him.


Fang Yuan subconsciously slowed down.


He was very cautious of white clouds now, ever since he encountered those pesky cloud beasts in Southern Border.


Learning from experience, Fang Yuan became very wary of large areas of clouds.


After inspecting them, Fang Yuan relaxed, the clouds had no problems.


He flew into them.


His vision was covered by the thick white clouds.


But it was alright, Fang Yuan had investigative methods to use.


Be it hearing or sound waves, or even using his consciousness, he could fly freely inside the clouds without feeling like a lost insect.


Gu Immortals had access to most mortal methods, they could deal with many situations.


Fang Yuan’s speed fell, he stopped all movement.


Next, thoughts flickered in his mind as he activated countless Gu worms in his immortal aperture.


Large numbers of mortal Gu moved like a storm, creating a huge, bloody tornado in the sovereign immortal aperture.


The core Immortal Gu flew up next.


Rank six blood asset Immortal Gu!


It descended like a ruler with imposing aura, the rest of the mortal Gu were assistants, creating the immortal killer move that Fang Yuan was activating — Blood Torrent.


Blood-red light rushed out of Fang Yuan’s body, before turning into liquid, forming a river of bloody water.


The blood carried Fang Yuan and tore through the clouds, moving forward rapidly.


The speed was so fast, completely at a different level to before!


Earlier, when Fang Yuan left dragon elephant plain, that place was within a righteous path super force’s territory, he did not use an immortal killer move.


Because most immortal killer moves would leak strong aura from them, attention would be drawn to him.


Thus, Fang Yuan only used mortal killer moves when leaving dragon elephant plain. – You’re reading on B oxnovel.c om .Tks!


But now, after leaving it, he could finally use an immortal killer move.


His speed rose sharply, he moved ahead rapidly.


A long bloody trail was drawn out, but it was concealed by the thick clouds, it could not be seen from the outside.


This was the advantage of flying in the clouds.


If not for the cloud cover, Fang Yuan could only conceal his tracks. Openly flying like this was too attention grabbing.


In a short moment, this huge area of clouds was pierced through by Fang Yuan.


He had already traveled past an enormous distance.


Outside of the cloud layer, Fang Yuan stopped using blood torrent.


During this time period, blood path demonic immortals could not display themselves, they had to be concealed. Blood path was a target of attack from all over, Fang Yuan did not want to attract trouble due to blood path.


Especially when heaven’s will was locked onto him!


“Unless I can modify blood torrent and prevent others from sensing its blood path nature.” Fang Yuan had a thought.


Actually, he had already modified blood torrent again.


While cultivating in Lang Ya blessed land, Fang Yuan had been practicing his blood path killer moves and strength path killer moves.


One day, Fang Yuan had an inspiration when practicing, he modified blood torrent.


Originally, when using blood torrent, hundreds of mortal Gu would appear around Fang Yuan, flying around in a big circle.


After modification, these mortal Gu flew in a spiral in his immortal aperture.


This was a small change, but it fixed one of its major flaws.


Flying around the Gu Immortal meant it could be easily attacked and destroyed, but being in the immortal aperture was safe.


Just this alone showed great improvement.


But blood torrent was still very eye-catching, when flying in the sky, it created a long river of blood, anyone would notice it. It would even emit a strong and foul bloody smell that would make one puke.


If these flaws were not fixed, blood torrent could not be widely used.


If the light of wisdom could be used, these modifications could be done overnight. But Fang Yuan was unsure of the safety of the immortal zombie body at this time.


It was fine with clouds covering it, but without clouds, Fang Yuan would not use blood torrent.


He activated sword escape Immortal Gu.


Rank seven sword escape Immortal Gu!


Fang Yuan flew forward like a sword.


Compared to blood torrent, he was even faster now!


Just sword escape Immortal Gu alone surpassed a rank six blood path killer move.


Even though with his cultivation level, using sword escape Immortal Gu with green grape immortal essence was not worth it, Fang Yuan was very firm on doing this.


The biggest factor of this trip was — Speed! Speed! Speed!


He had to move quickly.


It was because of heaven’s will.


“Heaven’s will follows the way of heaven, taking away surpluses while replenishing deficits, it treats me as an eyesore. But the way of heaven has its own rules and regulations, heaven’s will has to follow certain rules and is limited to an extent.”


“Heaven’s will cannot act casually, it can only attack me directly during calamities and tribulations. Normally, heaven’s will can only engineer situations and circumstances to kill me.”


How can heaven’s will create such situations?


By affecting the living beings of this world.


Like in the past, when Fang Yuan was in Imperial Court blessed land, he was affected by Mo Yao’s fake will, heaven’s will was vast and omnipresent, it could affect other life forms.


This influence was on the subconscious level, it was very situational.


In most situations, decisions were made in an instant.


Heaven’s will could influence countless life forms, and countless decisions that they make, through many subtle influences, these life forms could gather together into a force that would be fatal.


But this way, to influence others and set up fatal traps, time was needed.


Therefore, Fang Yuan emphasized on speed.


The faster he was, the less time heaven’s will had to influence other life forms and create situations to deal with him.


During the journey from Southern Border to Northern Plains, Fang Yuan did not know this, he also lacked movement methods, especially at the start, it gave heaven’s will a lot of time to set things up.


Now that Fang Yuan knew heaven’s will’s weaknesses, he naturally made use of them.


This was an effective method that Shadow Sect used against heaven’s will.


Shadow Sect followed a key principle: Accumulating in secret, striking at once like a volcano, moving as fast as lightning, achieving one’s goal!


Fang Yuan learned fully from this.


“To deal with heaven’s will, Shadow Sect and Spectral Soul are the best role model. They are my enemies, but these enemies have aspects in which they are superior to me, I naturally must abandon bias and learn from them!”


“And I have a huge advantage compared to Shadow Sect, I am a complete otherworldly demon!”


“Shadow Sect members have to think about themselves when acting and use self will to cleanse themselves from heaven’s will’s hidden influence.”


“But I do not need to, as a complete otherworldly demon, heaven’s will cannot influence me!”


To guard against heaven’s will, Fang Yuan used Sword Escape, disregarding the intense immortal essence consumption!


Thankfully, Fang Yuan had preserved most of his accumulated cultivation resources.


He was raking in money daily, it could be said he was very affluent.


Even though he needed to build and manage his own immortal aperture, most of his plans had not started yet. Treasure yellow heaven was closed now, the things he could get from Lang Ya Sect’s inventory were limited.


Fang Yuan tore through the sky, bursting with a sharp sound along the way, he seemed to have turned into a flying sword!


Roaming the desolate plains with peerless sharpness.


Suddenly, there was a growl filled with pain and fear.


An ancient desolate beast was escaping for its life, a wild rank seven Immortal Gu was chasing it.


The two entered Fang Yuan’s vision.


In front was a horned six-winged pegasus, while the wild Immortal Gu behind was a Dragon Centipede.


A four winged pegasus was a beast emperor, while a six-winged pegasus was a desolate beast, one with a horn on its forehead and six wings on its back was an ancient desolate beasts.


And this Dragon Centipede was seven li long! It has a centipede body and a dragon head, there were countless legs split across the two sides of its body, moving continuously. It had a hard bronze shell, under the light of the sun, shining and dazzling golden color could be seen. It was very bold and grand looking!


Some wild Immortal Gu lived in desolate beasts and desolate plants, absorbing their nutrients, living in co-existence while treating them as food.


But this was only the majority of cases.


The Dragon Centipede was a fierce and savage wild Immortal Gu, it directly captured desolate beasts and desolate plants, treating them as prey, surviving through hunting.


This was the only dragon centipede Immortal Gu in the world, it was rank seven, it was capturing ancient desolate beasts and desolate plants to fill its stomach.


Fang Yuan was flying straight ahead, this pair appeared right in front of him, blocking his path.


“Something happened after all!” Fang Yuan snickered internally.


Last time was a cloud beast group, this time, it was a horned six-winged pegasus and the wild dragon centipede Immortal Gu.


Wild Immortal Gu had low intelligence, even though they had their own will, they were easily influenced by heaven’s will.


The horned six-winged pegasus was an ancient desolate beast, beasts like horses mostly had higher intelligence. It was harder for heaven’s will to influence them.


But now, it was escaping and moving without thinking, heaven’s will only needed to influence it slightly to change the direction that the horned six-winged pegasus was escaping.


These two were here to block Fang Yuan’s path!


The pegasus was escaping for its life, it would try its best to crush all obstacles ahead.


And the Dragon Centipede’s gaze was also on Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan’s Gu Immortal aura was apparent.


He was a rank six Gu Immortal.


His aura was much weaker than the horned six-winged pegasus. But his sword path aura was also strong, coming from the rank seven sword escape Immortal Gu.


This attracted the Dragon Centipede more.


Because the Dragon Centipede was full of sword path dao marks as well!


Its countless limbs contained sword path dao marks, allowing it to carry tens of thousands of swords with it. Once it coiled around its prey, these sharp swords would attack from all directions, creating bloody holes in the ancient desolate beast, it was very fierce.


Fang Yuan’s reaction was at lightning speed.


He instantly stored sword escape Immortal Gu, the aura vanished instantly.


The Dragon Centipede was confused, but its focus was still on him. After all, in its long life of hunting, it had encountered many prey which could conceal its aura.


Fang Yuan’s body shook, as countless figures appeared.


Convergence of enslavement and strength path, immortal killer move — Myriad Self!


In the earlier transactions, Fang Yuan had obtained many strength path Immortal Gu, his strongest method from back then had returned!


Even though he did not have cleanse soul Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan used other mortal Gu to replace it. Myriad self’s power fell, but at this moment, it was very useful in confusing his enemies.


Countless Fang Yuans flew around the place, like a school of fish swimming in the sea, scattering around after encountering a huge whale.


The Dragon Centipede was even more confused now, its speed fell for a moment.


Next, its seven li long body attacked like a whip.


Boom boom boom.


Countless strength path phantoms of Fang Yuan were destroyed.


The horned six-winged pegasus also crushed many of Fang Yuan’s phantoms as it rapidly escaped.


The Dragon Centipede saw that the pegasus was escaping, its attention was focused on it once more.


The two escaped and chased, quickly getting out of Fang Yuan’s vision.


Fang Yuan lightly let out a breath of air.


His true body descended.


With a thought, countless Fang Yuan phantoms dissipated at once.


Move!


Fang Yuan activated Sword Escape again, flying into the sky, leaving.
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1087: A Goat Explores Tai Qiu

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


Fang Yuan traveled day and night without rest.


When seeing thick cloud cover, he used blood torrent. Most of the time, he used sword escape Immortal Gu.


He passed several dangerous areas along the way, there were also lone Gu Immortals or super forces around. Fang Yuan did not dare to use Immortal Gu openly, he used mortal killer moves.


His strategy was correct, after the horned six-winged pegasus and wild Dragon Centipede, no other unexpected surprises occurred.


Heaven’s will needed time to lay out traps.


On the other hand, there was a limit for heaven’s will’s influence on other life forms.


Like the influence on the horned six-winged pegasus and wild Dragon Centipede, heaven’s will could not order either of them to attack Fang Yuan.


Heaven’s will’s influence was based off situational decisions.


Fang Yuan’s speed was very fast, heaven’s will could not create obstacles in time.


Heaven’s will could think and plot.


This was because of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


According to the intel provided by Shadow Sect, before Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, heaven’s will was much easier to deal with. But after her, heaven’s will became much more ‘crafty’.


Thus, Fang Yuan was not purely flying straight ahead.


He curved and took detours, moving forward in arcs.


If he moved straight, his route would be easily deduced by heaven’s will, it would lay out dangers along the way and wait for Fang Yuan to fall in.


In fact, heaven’s will might even deduce that Fang Yuan’s true destination was Tai Qiu and set up arrangements there.


That would be dangerous!


Not only would Fang Yuan be unable to complete the sect mission, his life would be in danger.


However, with Fang Yuan’s fast advancement, heaven’s will could not stop him.


Of course, Fang Yuan would not purposely backtrack. If heaven’s will formed an arragement that was behind him, he would be going into a trap that he had already evaded, that would be stupid!


This way, his route was very far, the total length of his journey was extended multiple times.


However, in the end, Fang Yuan’s speed was still very fast.


Thus, three days after encountering the wild dragon centipede Immortal Gu, along the horizon, Tai Qiu entered Fang Yuan’s vision.


Tai Qiu was in sight!


A vast amount of ordinary grass formed a huge yellow plain.


Tai Qiu’s appearance was like a jade green tower standing tall in a thick forest. In this yellow plain, it was very eye-catching.


As Fang Yuan got closer, the green Tai Qiu expanded in the horizon, becoming bigger in Fang Yuan’s field of vision. It was like dye that was spreading rapidly on paper.


Eventually, Tai Qiu filled Fang Yuan’s vision completely.


A vast amount of giant grass covered this area, figures of beasts were roaming inside, tigers were roaring as wolves howled, there was a stream of continuous noise.


Far and wide, it was a grand scene of the wilderness!


At this moment, there was no point for Fang Yuan to hide it from heaven’s will.


His speed became slower, he stopped using Immortal Gu, directly entering Tai Qiu.


Compared to the giant grass, he was tiny. Compared to the entirety of Tai Qiu, he was like a fly that had entered a palace.


The lush giant grass blocked out the sky.


The entirety of Tai Qiu was concealing an unknown number of fierce beasts and mutated plants.


There was a commotion ahead, it seemed like a beast tide was about to form.


Fang Yuan smiled coldly, activating dark limit Immortal Gu.


Immortal Gu Dark Limit!


It could conceal aura and hide from others to prevent deductions, it could also hide one from heaven’s will to a degree.


Change form Immortal Gu!


Fang Yuan turned into a coiling mountain goat, entering Tai Qiu.


The commotion ahead slowly faded.


“If heaven’s will could feel emotions, it must be shocked and furious now.” Fang Yuan smiled, before shaking his head and sighing: “Unfortunately, heaven’s will has no emotions...”


Dark limit Immortal Gu helped Fang Yuan greatly.


Back then, when Hei Lou Lan was still a mortal, she relied on this Immortal Gu to conceal her Great Strength True Martial Physique aura, thus surviving.


Why did the calamities and tribulations of the ten extreme physiques surpass ordinary people?


Because heaven’s will takes away surpluses while replenishing deficits, it did not want an existence like one of the ten extreme physique to upset the balance of the world.


Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture surpassed the ten extreme physiques. The power of his calamities and tribulations were much greater than the ten extreme physiques. Even dark limit Immortal Gu had limited effect.


Fang Yuan suddenly thought: “Fairy Jiang Yu was a member of Shadow Sect, to resist heaven’s will, Shadow Sect definitely had many tools such as dark limit Immortal Gu. If Ying Wu Xie can escape from this predicament and make use of Shadow Sect’s remnant forces, his future might be unhindered, he would have an easier time ahead.”


He had turned into a coiling mountain goat, this was a common desolate beast in Tai Qiu, even though he was in disguise, he blended in perfectly.


Unlike his Gu Immortal body, which was completely different and eye-catching in Tai Qiu.


Soon, he encountered a desolate beast.


A golden sand dark stallion.


This was a huge horse.


Its body was larger than the coiling mountain goat that Fang Yuan became. It has bulging muscles and strong bones, its skin was dark gold, it had six hooves that were dark and deep.


The golden sand dark stallion was eating grass.


Sensing the coiling mountain goat that Fang Yuan had turned into, the golden sand dark stallion raised its head, observing this ‘uninvited guest’.


Desolate beasts had their respective territories, the coiling mountain goat had invaded the golden sand dark stallion’s territory.


But the golden sand dark stallion did not eat meat, it also had a calm temperament, the coiling mountain goat was also a herbivore, the golden sand dark stallion subconsciously felt that the coiling mountain goat had no threat.


But it was still very alert.


It stared at Fang Yuan until he went far away from it, before lowering its head to eat grass again.


Fang Yuan chose to become a coiling mountain goat, he had considered it deeply.


Actually, in Northern Plains, there were lots of wolf desolate beasts, but if he became a desolate beast wolf, he would face an intense reaction from the golden sand dark stallion.


Getting past the golden sand dark stallion, Fang Yuan continued to move forward.


He had already memorized the map of Tai Qiu. Even in the case that he could not remember something, he had it copied in many information path Gu worms in his immortal aperture.


“The first location is in the southeast direction.” Fang Yuan looked around.


But the giant grass became taller and taller, the giant grass in the periphery were tall as trees, but as he went in, the giant grass became as tall as towers. The giant grass in the center of Tai Qiu were as tall as hills or mountains.


The coiling mountain goat’s body was not small, but as Fang Yuan went deeper, the surrounding giant grass became taller and thicker, the coiling mountain goat looked smaller and petite.


Along the way, Fang Yuan encountered many desolate beasts.


These desolate beasts were either in groups or alone. Most of them were herbivores, but there were some carnivores as well.


Fang Yuan made use of his mind, his intelligence far surpassed desolate beasts.


Thus, after some hurdles, he managed to get through them.


Baa baa baa...


The cries of goats entered Fang Yuan’s ears.


In the grass ahead, there was a huge group of coiling mountain goats.


Fang Yuan sighed in his mind: “It seems that I am deep into Tai Qiu already, this is the first large group of desolate beasts I’ve seen.”


This goat group had about a hundred of them together, some were eating grass, some were lying on the ground sunbathing, while some young ones were playing around.


Fang Yuan entered their field of vision.


The wild coiling mountain goats looked at him.


This was the first time they were seeing this unknown goat.


Fang Yuan moved carefully.


Even though he had change form Immortal Gu, there was a hidden threat. If one of the goats in this group had a wild investigative Immortal Gu, and could see through Fang Yuan’s concealment, it would be a disaster.


To play safe, Fang Yuan secretly activated attitude Gu.


Immediately, the goat group felt Fang Yuan’s ‘attitude’ and looked at him with warmer gazes.


Fang Yuan took a few steps forward, there were several young desolate beast coiling mountain goats that ran to him, observing him with huge curious eyes, two of them were running around Fang Yuan, jumping around.


Fang Yuan walked away from them safely, leaving the goat group.


The young coiling mountain goats moved with him for a while, as he got away from the goats, they were called back by their parents and returned.


Fang Yuan sighed as he felt some pity.


If he could bring two or three of these younglings with him, and raise them inside the sovereign immortal aperture, that would be great.


Regretfully, he did not have a chance to do so.


Leaving the territory of the coiling mountain goats, Fang Yuan was very close to the first location indicated on the map already.


He was not careless, he inspected himself.


“Dark limit Immortal Gu’s power of concealment is weakening, but it can still last for some time.” Fang Yuan had an accurate assessment.


After activating dark limit Immortal Gu once, it needed to rest for some time before Fang Yuan could use it again.


Its power was left behind in Fang Yuan, concealing his aura. But as time passed, or due to other forces, the concealment would weaken.


And depending on the target, the protection effect varied.


For example, it had been more effective on Hei Lou Lan when she was a mortal. If used on dark path Gu Immortals, the effect would be lower. If used on Gu Immortals of other paths, the effect would be even worse. Thankfully, Fang Yuan’s dao marks did not conflict, otherwise, the effect would be horrible.


In conclusion, Fang Yuan had to complete his mission while dark limit Immortal Gu’s power was still concealing him.


Otherwise, after the concealment fades, heaven’s will would focus on him, and the countless desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts would attack Fang Yuan together, the situation would be dire.


After a moment, Fang Yuan got close to the first location.


Before reaching, Fang Yuan already knew that the location had completely changed.


Because the map indicated that there was the corpse of an immemorial desolate beast, a qi grand lion, here.


What guarded the corpse was a group of qi grand lions, they were a mix of desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts.


But the hill-like corpse was gone. There were no qi grand lions either, Fang Yuan used his investigative killer moves and heard some faint wolf howls.


Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


“Desolate beast black blood wolves! And this scale... at least thirty of them.”


A group of desolate beast wolves.


Even though the size was not large, they are fierce carnivores.


The territory of wolves was larger.


Fang Yuan did not need to observe them from close by, he just needed to use mortal investigative methods and hearing to get a lot of information.


This was the intelligence of humans.


Within this group of desolate beast wolves, there might be wild Immortal Gu, but they could not be activated at will. Compared to Gu Immortals who controlled Immortal Gu, it was a different story.


Fang Yuan thought to himself: “The first location has changed. Be it the immemorial desolate beast level qi grand lion’s corpse, those desolate beasts, or the ancient desolate beast qi grand lions, they have all vanished for some reason. Three hundred thousand years later, a small group of black blood wolves are occupying this place.”


Fang Yuan did not hesitate, he gave up on this place.


He took a detour past the wolf group’s territory, heading to the second destination.
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1088: A Monkey Achieves Success

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


One day later, Tai Qiu.


“This place...” Fang Yuan’s hands were holding onto a giant strand of grass that was hundreds of meters tall, he climbed upon it and looked afar.


There was a trunk of a huge tree ahead, resembling a giant ship that was washed ashore.


But the tree only had part of its trunk left, it was dark and in ruins, it seemed to have been hit by lightning.


Fang Yuan’s appearance had also changed greatly.


He had turned into a monkey.


A fire swallowing monkey.


An ancient desolate beast.


Even though he was not big, he was not to be trifled with.


Fang Yuan had stopped using the coiling mountain goat’s appearance. The coiling mountain goat could not enter deep into Tai Qiu, this was a place where ancient desolate beasts roamed.


Fire swallowing monkey was a special case.


It was strong, but only ate fire, thus it roamed around the place. It did not compete with other desolate beasts for food, it was a suitable disguise for Fang Yuan.


Without becoming a fire swallowing monkey, Fang Yuan could not move in here.


“Thousand snakes haze tree...” Fang Yuan looked into the distance as he muttered.


This was the third destination on the Tai Qiu map.


The first location was occupied by a group of desolate beast black blood wolves. The second area was empty, it was a region between two carnivorous groups.


Fang Yuan’s current location was the final one marked on the map.


There was once a thousand snakes haze tree here.


This tree was like a mountain, occupying a huge area. It was immemorial level, with seventy thousand seven hundred and seventy branches, the branches were like long snakes. At the tips of the branches, there were snake heads.


The roots of this tree was deeply buried in the earth, they were thousands of meters long. It ate passing desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts as food, when hunting, the tens of thousands of branches would dance around, moving like slithering snakes, coiling around the prey and strangling them to death, before sucking up their blood to survive.


For the longest time, the countless life forms that died under the tree rotted and piled into a mountain. Their grudge was overwhelming, the place was filled with a dark aura.


Positive and negative energy are drawn to each other, whenever there was a storm, grand heavenly lightning would strike on the thousand snakes haze tree.


It was fine if it were ordinary storms, but if it was unlucky and met with an extraordinary heavenly lightning bolt, the result would be disastrous.


The thousand snakes haze tree had no natural enemies, it was at immemorial desolate beast level, it dominated its territory, it might have attracted the attention of heaven’s will, resulting in lightning strikes.


In any case, three hundred thousand years ago, there was a huge fire in Tai Qiu. This thousand snakes haze tree was burned and resembled an erupting volcano, it lit the sky of the surroundings, for months without ceasing.


“But this thousand snakes haze tree isn’t dead yet!” There was a dark and wary gaze in Fang Yuan’s eyes.


When Long Hair Ancestor was alive, he left this Tai Qiu map behind, it was three hundred thousand years old.


This thousand snakes haze tree had lived for three hundred thousand years, it was not dead yet, there was still signs of life in it!


“Man is the spirit of all living beings, but our vitality, lifespan, body, and soul, are far inferior to other beings. This thousand snakes haze tree has the strongest vitality. It is still alive even after the lightning and fires.” Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.


Right now, the thousand snakes haze tree was completely lying on the ground. More than half of its tree trunk was rotten, a few li remained.


The complete thousand snakes haze tree was taller than a mountain if it was upright, the attacking range of its branches and vines covered an enormous surrounding area.


Fang Yuan could acutely sense that on this segment of the thousand snakes haze tree, dozens of branches were still alive. They were like pythons, coiling and moving around slowly. If any prey entered their range, they would strike swiftly, killing the prey.


Even though the thousand snakes haze tree was in a sad state, it was still an immemorial desolate plant, it was easy to kill ancient desolate beasts and desolate beast groups.


Fang Yuan observed for a while and discovered something new: “Fortune and disaster really comes together, the complete thousand snakes haze tree killed many life forms and created a mountain of corpses, causing the lightning to strike it. But this thousand snakes haze tree only has this tiny segment left, it can only hunt a limited number of prey, yin qi and grudge are not accumulated here, thus no lightning struck it again.”


That was the reason why this thousand snakes haze tree was still around in the world.


But Fang Yuan frowned gradually.


He took a huge risk in coming to Tai Qiu, it was to find a suitable location to set up the transportation Gu formation.


There were three locations indicated in Tai Qiu for Fang Yuan to visit.


The first two were gone, and the third was unsuitable.


Because the thousand snakes haze tree was still alive.


This was an immemorial desolate plant, it had incredible battle strength, rivaling rank eight Gu Immortals. Even if it were the weakest of all rank eight beings, Fang Yuan could not defeat it. This was a huge problem for Lang Ya Sect’s plan.


If they fought here, a beast tide might happen.


“That means, I completed part of my mission, and failed a part. Even though I made Tai Qiu’s map more accurate and eliminated three locations, I did not find a location that suited Lang Ya Sect in setting up the transportation Gu formation.”


“It can’t be helped, dark limit Immortal Gu’s power is weakening, I should leave first. I will return to explore Tai Qiu again another time.”


Fang Yuan sighed internally.


If he could succeed this time, that would be best, after all, Fang Yuan’s recent situation was not bad, he had no immediate internal or external threats.


If he did not succeed, by the next time, Fang Yuan would not have much time or energy to spare.


He was very busy.


Managing an immortal aperture was a huge job, he also had his own cultivation to worry about, he had to settle his immortal zombie body’s problem, as well as turn Fang Zheng’s mindset.


It could not be helped. Most things in life did not go according to one’s wishes.


Fang Yuan slowly left.


He chose the direction closest to the exit and took his leave.


But the problem was, after Fang Yuan moved for a while, he discovered some peculiarities.


First, two ancient desolate beasts were fighting, causing a huge commotion. Next, three desolate beast groups were also facing each other, they were about to erupt into battle.


And unfortunately, these three desolate beast groups were blocking Fang Yuan’s path.


“These all point to the occurrence of a beast tide.”


“So that’s it.”


“The protection of dark limit Immortal Gu on my body has weakened to this degree? Even though heaven’s will cannot detect my location, it already known the general location. Thus, it is creating a beast tide, to wreak havoc Tai Qiu. It wants to use this chance to expose me.”


“Mm... that’s right, I have Spring Autumn Cicada and large numbers of snow monsters with me, they all have heaven’s will. Even though they are restricted inside my immortal aperture, the heaven’s will inside can resonate with the parts in the outside world.”


Fang Yuan frowned even deeper.


He had somewhat underestimated heaven’s will’s power.


Logically speaking, any immortal aperture world, be it a blessed land or grotto-heaven, was independent, they had nothing to do with the world of the five regions. Heaven’s will could not interfere in these small worlds.


But now Fang Yuan knew, if heaven’s will existed in these small worlds, then it could cause a resonance with the heaven’s will in the outside world, collaborating with one another.


Using heaven’s will’s connection, and with dark limit Immortal Gu’s weakening, even though heaven’s will could not find Fang Yuan’s location, it could create a huge beast tide that could seek out Fang Yuan, before eliminating him mercilessly!


“Experiments lead to the truth! Or maybe, the intel provided by Shadow Sect regarding heaven’s will was not complete. I cannot stay here!” Fang Yuan thought as he moved.


He stretched out his monkey arms, jumping on giant grass strands, moving away from the beast groups, evading heaven’s will’s trap.


But he was bound to fail.


It was too late.


The two ancient desolate beasts fought and went towards the beast groups that were in conflict, a huge chaotic battle started as a result.


The impact of the chaotic battle affected the surroundings, triggering even more chaos.


As the havoc grew, a beast tide formed, rampaging towards Fang Yuan.


The beast tide was terrifying.


Be it desolate beasts or ancient desolate beasts, they were in a frenzied state.


They were in a berserk state, only listening to their survival instincts as they growled frenziedly, roaring.


Prey began to attack the predator, many beast groups that had lived together were now broken apart, there was no order left.


Large numbers of desolate beasts scattered in fear, a strong force was forming. This force brought along other fierce beasts, even if they were unwilling to, they could not help themselves.


A moment later, this force became stronger and stronger, it was like an unstoppable flood.


Sweeping everything! Anything that stood before this force, be it desolate beast or ancient desolate beast, was decimated.


Fang Yuan felt like he was a small plank floating on top of raging waters.


He could not help himself, he could only move forward along with the beast tide.


He had to continue his disguise, if he was exposed, heaven’s will would overwhelm him using the beast tide. By then, even if he had unlimited immortal essence and a large number of Immortal Gu with him, he would die without an intact corpse.


He was only a rank six Gu Immortal who had passed one earthly calamity.


Even though Fang Yuan had Change Form and attitude Gu, and even familiar face, simply disguising himself was not enough.


Dark limit Immortal Gu’s power was fading, by some point, Fang Yuan would be exposed to heaven’s will!


He could not expose himself, that was courting death. But he could not stay hidden forever, that was waiting for death.


Fang Yuan was in deep danger, he could not find any solutions for the moment.


“Maybe I can take a risk for a chance of survival.” He suddenly had a thought.


If there was no other choice, he could only do this.


Entrusting his hope in blood torrent and sword escape Immortal Gu.


But this was deep inside Tai Qiu.


Desolate beasts were everywhere, and ancient desolate beasts were also high in number. Heaven’s will had too many options, it could choose and influence them, it could block Fang Yuan easily.


At this time, the beast tide suddenly changed directions, it was moving forward before, but now, it turned at an angle.


“This is?!” Fang Yuan looked ahead, joy was showing in his round monkey eyes.


He looked at the mountain-like red corpse in front, there were still buds of blue flames burning on the bones, the heat was concealed and there was no warmth at all, but Fang Yuan felt a deep sense of danger.


This was an immemorial desolate beast’s corpse.


It seemed to have just died, the immemorial aura was overwhelming, even the beast tide avoided it subconsciously.


“Truly a surprise when I least expected it, hope is just around the corner!” At this moment, Fang Yuan really wanted to laugh loudly.
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1089: Formation Path Great Grandmaster

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


Fly!


The fire swallowing monkey’s body moved agilely in the air, it jumped up and flew away from the beast tide under the concealment of smoke and dust, getting close to the immemorial desolate beast’s corpse.


From the appearance, it resembled an elephant corpse.


Tattered grey-blue elephant skin hung over flesh and blood that had dried and rotted. Its white skeleton formed a rack, and with the skin, a giant ‘tent’ was made.


This was a half collapsed ‘tent’, there was an intense aura from within it, when this immemorial desolate beast was still alive, it must have undergone a fierce battle.


Fang Yuan had a question in his mind: “What could have killed this immemorial desolate beast?”


He was currently very close to the center of Tai Qiu.


This was one of the ten great fierce areas in Northern Plains, it was very dangerous and its contents were unknown. The immemorial desolate beasts hidden in it made even super forces feel headache.


After all, immemorial desolate beasts had battle strength equal to rank eight Gu Immortals.


And among super forces, only a few had rank eight Gu Immortals.


In the huge Northern Plains, there were only five rank eight Gu Immortals in the open.


Even if he was at the periphery of Tai Qiu, if he was careless, he would trigger a beast tide. Immemorial desolate beast and beast tides, these two reasons were why Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal forces refused to meddle in here.


Fang Yuan got closer to the immemorial desolate elephant’s corpse.


Compared to this huge corpse, Fang Yuan was like a fly, he flew towards the tattered grey-blue ‘tent’.


There was no wind.


But Fang Yuan felt his pressure increasing.


A formless force was repelling Fang Yuan in waves, he felt like he was moving against a tide, as he entered deep into the sea.


After getting close, Fang Yuan started to hear things.


Swish swish swish...


All he could hear was the ebb and flow of waves.


“Water path dao marks!” Fang Yuan was slightly shaken.


Undoubtedly, this immemorial desolate elephant had an abundant number of water path dao marks.


Even though the immemorial desolate elephant was dead, the water path dao marks in its bones and skin were left. They were affecting this area at all times.


Fang Yuan had seen the corpse of an immemorial desolate beast before, it was during Dong Fang Chang Fan’s tribulation.


Back then, the immemorial ruin bat’s corpse was modified by Dong Fang Chang Fan, thus, Fang Yuan did not have the same feeling as now.


Inside the super Gu formation of Earth Trench, fang yuan had obtained a number of immemorial immortal materials, these immortal materials had lots of dao marks in them, lights of dao marks could even be seen with the naked eye!


But these immortal materials were just a small portion. In terms of the number of dao marks, they could not compare to this immemorial desolate elephant’s corpse which was nearly complete.


The number of accumulated dao marks in an immemorial desolate beast was quite terrifying.


And most importantly, this immemorial desolate beast had died just recently.


Thus, Fang Yuan felt a repulsive feeling, it was hard to get close to it.


“When immemorial desolate beasts and desolate plants stay in a place for long, their dao marks would affect the environment, and change it gradually.”


Fang Yuan’s thoughts flashed quickly, his legs did not stop moving, he maneuvered and tried to get as close as possible.


Because of these water path dao marks, there was no wind. Around the entire corpse, there was silence, with no signs of life.


“After this area is completely transformed, it will have thick fog, a lake might even form, and countless plants and wild beasts would start living here.”


Fang Yuan concluded that this area was still not stable.


The immemorial desolate elephant’s dao marks were subtly changing the environment of the surroundings.


This process could take decades, centuries, or even millennia. During this process, the immemorial desolate elephant’s water path dao marks would dissipate, the surrounding area would also reject dao marks of all other paths, with water path remaining primarily.


Eventually, the water path dao marks in the surroundings and the water path dao marks left in the immemorial desolate elephant’s body would reach an equilibrium. The desolate elephant’s corpse would stop breaking down, the remaining water path dao marks would stop decreasing, it would, instead, be nurtured by the environment.


Other than Fang Yuan, there were no traces of plants or animals.


Fang Yuan was very out of place now.


The beast tide suddenly became chaotic, they were moving forward initially, but now they were starting to get messy.


Fang Yuan’s heart jumped, he watched as he focused.


But the beast tide was only messy for a moment before it returned to normal. It was like a tidal wave, going around this corpse and crashing elsewhere. Everywhere it went, grass and trees fell, smoke and dust rose, it was a pitiful sight.


Fang Yuan let out a breath of air, he thought: “It seems that Shadow Sect’s intel is correct. Even though desolate beasts are easily influenced by heaven’s will, the effect is small in the short run. The beast tide has already formed, even if heaven’s will discovers me, it cannot control the beast tide to charge at the immemorial desolate beast corpse. Over here, I am safe!”


A moment later, Fang Yuan stopped moving.


He looked around, raising his head.


At this distance, it was perfect, he was neither too far nor too close to the immemorial desolate corpse.


Most importantly, there was a reaction in Fang Yuan’s Gu worms.


Before leaving, Lang Ya land spirit had given him a set of Gu worm to set up the area. The Gu worms which were reacting now were specialized investigative Gu worms. If they sensed a suitable location for the formation, they would send out sound and vibrations that only the Gu Immortal could hear.


Set up the formation!


Fang Yuan stopped moving forward, he stood still and injected immortal essence into his Gu worms.


One after another, Immortal Gu were activated.


Some flew out of Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture, circling around him. Some were dancing in the air within Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture, staying inside.


Lights of immortal origin were shining, it was a beautiful scene.


A great amount of concentration was needed, Fang Yuan had to stop his transformation and show his true form.


Heaven’s will raged, it had uncovered Fang Yuan, thunder was rumbling in the sky.


But it was futile.


Heaven’s will could only act in itself when a Gu Immortal was undergoing tribulation. Fang Yuan was not undergoing tribulation now, he was also not using the hairy man nature Gu refinement technique to refine Immortal Gu.


Traces of smoke were dancing, mysterious sounds were resounding.


With Fang Yuan as the center, a huge seven colored spiral was formed, it looked like fog, while also looking like a tide, it was a grand scene with unparalleled beauty.


The spiral became larger and larger, expanding in an orderly fashion.


Gu worms were arranged in the rainbow light, some were buried in the soil, some were left on the ground, some turned phantom and were floating in the air, some were even sealed in the air, they could not be seen with the naked eye.


A vast number of Gu worms were arranged at lightning speed.


Fang Yuan was mainly the immortal essence provider, an Immortal Gu was setting the formation.


Rank six formation plate Gu!


It was like a round plate, a porcelain plate used to hold rice and vegetables. It was floating above Fang Yuan’s head, mobilizing all sorts of Gu worms.


Setting up the formation took six hours.


By sundown, when the sun emitted the final trace of light, Fang Yuan collected his Gu worms.


A vast number of mortal Gu had been placed here, the Immortal Gu were all retrieved. All of the Gu worms formed a complex and hidden Gu formation, hidden in this area. Unless it was used, even Fang Yuan could not find it.


“Such astonishing attainment!” Fang Yuan sighed.


By placing down this formation, he had benefited greatly.


Even though his formation path attainment level was ordinary, he had much insight.


“If a formation path Gu Immortal has great grandmaster attainment level, they would be able to use the dao marks of heaven and earth to arrange the formation. This Gu formation is similar. This makes me think of a historical figure.”


This person was called Immortal Lady Jiu Hua, she was a famous formation path great grandmaster in history.


Her style of setting up formation was to create myriad lights, beautiful and extraordinary.


Most importantly, she was from the same era as Long Hair Ancestor. Or more accurately, it was because Long Hair Ancestor had lived for too long.


“Maybe this transportation Gu formation was the result of a transaction between Long Hair Ancestor and Immortal Lady Jiu Hua.” Fang Yuan guessed.


The Gu formation was already completed.


Fang Yuan hesitated for a moment before activating the Gu formation.


With his vigilant nature, he would surely inspect the Gu formation.


But he had no research in formation path, and this Gu formation was made by a great grandmaster, it was too complex. Fang Yuan did not have the ability to inspect if there were flaws in it.


The Gu formation activated slowly, after a few minutes, the first step was completed.


Lights shone, an illusory formation manifested in the surrounding li. Fang Yuan was in the center, he could hear the sound of water becoming more quickly, but the formless force around him vanished.


“This Gu formation uses the immemorial corpse’s water path dao marks, no wonder Lang Ya land spirit wanted to choose a place like this to set up the Gu formation.”


“Gu formations that can transport Gu Immortals are very rare. Even though this Gu formation can do it, it takes a long time, it cannot be used for a speedy escape.”


Fang Yuan assessed as he activated the crucial Immortal Gu in his immortal aperture.


This Immortal Gu’s power spread out from his body, causing a rapid change.


The surrounding lights gathered at Fang Yuan, they turned from phantom to solid, surrounding Fang Yuan and condensing into a ball.


Fang Yuan felt an intense pressure.


But a moment later, the huge pressure vanished.


Bam!


With a loud sound, the ball of light exploded, turning into specks of light in the sky.


But Fang Yuan had disappeared.


A moment later, the area became tranquil.


As if nothing had ever happened.


“I am back in Lang Ya blessed land?” Fang Yuan’s body shook, his vision was covered in bright lights, the world was spinning rapidly. Suddenly, he felt that he was stepping on solid ground, he focused and looked ahead, his vision became clear, and he was already inside Lang Ya blessed land.


He was at the center of a huge Gu formation.


He had already come into contact with this Gu formation.


When he teleported from Feng Bo Cliff previously, he had landed here.


Fang Yuan had some understanding now: “It seems that this is the main formation, the ones at Tai Qiu, Feng Bo Cliff and others, are the sub formations. To use the super Gu formation, the key is that Immortal Gu.”


Lang Ya land spirit’s figure appeared.


He laughed loudly: “Fang Yuan, you did not disappoint me!”
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1090: Ancient Battle Formation Omni-directional Travel

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


The matter in Tai Qiu ended in success with Fang Yuan setting up the Gu formation.


Lang Ya land spirit did not shortchange him, he gave him the promised reward, a total of six hundred sect contribution points.


Using these points, Fang Yuan could exchange for many things, what attracted him the most were the transformation path Immortal Gu recipes inside Lang Ya Sect’s treasury.


Lang Ya Sect has three true inheritances, they came from three legendary people, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Long Hair Ancestor. There were no transformation path true inheritances, but Lang Ya Sect had a huge array of Immortal Gu recipes, among them were many transformation path Immortal Gu recipes.


But Fang Yuan was not in a rush to exchange for them using sect contribution points.


He saved these sect contribution points for now.


Now was not the time to exchange them for transformation path Immortal Gu recipes, or the time to refine transformation path Immortal Gu.


It was not a good moment.


After transacting with Shadow Sect, and after the trip to Tai Qiu, Fang Yuan became deeply aware of his situation!


You’re reading on .com Thanks!


Even though he succeeded in setting up the transportation Gu formation, and could travel between Lang Ya blessed land and Tai Qiu quickly, Fang Yuan did not want to enter Tai Qiu again.


If he went again, it would be too dangerous.


“Dark limit Immortal Gu’s power has faded, it can only be used after some time, it is not safe anymore. Heaven’s will can think, I caught it off guard last time, but because setting up the Gu formation could not be done secretly, heaven’s will already knows about it, it will definitely try to influence the surrounding desolate beasts, ancient desolate beasts, and even immemorial desolate beasts!”


Since heaven’s will was trying its best to get rid of Fang Yuan, it was a no-brainer that heaven’s will was going to create all sorts of traps and arrangements in the surroundings of the immemorial desolate elephant corpse.


It was best for Fang Yuan to not go.


However, even though he was not going, Lang Ya Sect was going to take action there.


“Since Lang Ya land spirit has already accepted my suggestion, he will mobilize many hairy man Gu Immortals to cultivate transformation path.”


“Cultivating transformation path will require him to refine transformation path Immortal Gu. And to refine Immortal Gu, he would need immortal materials.”


“Lang Ya Sect has a huge treasury with many immortal materials, but the previous Lang Ya land spirit has controlled the blessed land for so long, and he had been constantly refining Gu. Thus, even though the treasury has many immortal materials, they are mostly rank eight or quasi-rank nine materials, rank six and seven materials are scarce.”


“Thus, Lang Ya land spirit will definitely set up sect missions soon to encourage hairy man Gu Immortals to go to Tai Qiu and kill desolate beasts. They can collect immortal materials to refine Gu, while also training the hairy man Gu Immortals to improve their battle strength. The second point is Lang Ya land spirit’s greatest concern!”


“Let these hairy man Gu Immortals be my pawns! Since heaven’s will can think, even if they are targeted, it is better than me being targeted.”


A cold light shone across Fang Yuan’s eyes.


Lang Ya Sect was stronger than him by countless times, but at this moment, he became the chess player. The whole of Lang Ya Sect were his chess piece.


And the best thing was, even though Fang Yuan was plotting against Lang Ya Sect, he was also thinking about the future of Lang Ya Sect and its progress. Thus, he was not going against his alliance agreement.


“This is the tactical advantage of having more intel than the other side.” Fang Yuan sighed, he learned about the value of information once again.


Gu Masters of all paths had their own specialties.


Information path was not an exception among them.


But if its ability could be displayed fully, information path could give the Gu Master as much advantage as compared to any other path, if not more!


Of course, Fang Yuan’s advantage in information was because of his transactions with Shadow Sect.


And Shadow Sect definitely paid a high price to obtain information on heaven’s will and Lang Ya Sect.


“I have been lacking information path methods, from now on, I need to try and fix that!” Fang Yuan was determined.


Information path Gu Masters were skilled in collecting intelligence and setting up alliance agreements, they were carriers of information. This might not seem important for cultivation, but one could gain immense advantage from it.


Central Continent, Earth Abyss.


Loud sounds were reverberating here.


“A discovery!”


“We had searched that direction more than ten times... they are really well hidden.”


Ancient Soul Sect’s Gu Immortals reacted, they were enthusiastically charging towards the area with the sound.


Ying Wu Xie spat out a mouthful of blood, he was half-kneeling on the ground, not only was his expression downcast, he was also gravely injured, half his body was missing.


“A mere immortal zombie...” The Ancient Soul Sect Gu Immortals fighting with Ying Wu Xie floated in the air, looking down at Ying Wu Xie, they scoffed in disdain.


“Keep them alive!”


“Even as an immortal zombie, his concealment method is very incredible, we have to interrogate him for it.”


The other two Gu Immortals shouted, rushing here with rapid speed.


Ying Wu Xie laughed with a mocking tone: “You want my concealment method? Sure, I can tell you now!”


Oh no!


The three Ancient Soul Sect Gu Immortals’ expressions changed, they realized that this was the enemy’s plan.


Ying Wu Xie had purposely showed weakness to lure these three immortals over.


He was bait.


Since there was bait, there were surely plans to deal with the enemies.


Ancient Soul Sect’s three Gu Immortals did not react slowly, but Ying Wu Xie had prepared amply, how could they manage to escape?


In an instant, the super Gu formation, which had already charged up, activated.


Ancient Soul Sect’s three immortals fell into despair, they only felt that an endless force was restricting them from all directions.


At once, they could not move at all, they were helpless!


Next, under the three immortals’ expressions of disbelief, their bodies and souls were smashed into bits by the power of the super Gu formation.


Even though they resisted, they only lasted for less than three breaths of time.


“Hmph, I will collect some interest from you people first.” Ying Wu Xie snickered, his gaze was cold.


He had just spoke, when Earth Abyss trembled, sharp light shone dazzlingly, covering a vast surrounding range.


“So fast! It has only been so long, but Heavenly Court has already found my location and are moving here!” Ying Wu Xie was shocked.


But soon, he calmed down.


He flew into the super Gu formation.


The super Gu formation was overworked these last days from resisting Heavenly Court’s deductions, and after killing the three Ancient Soul Sect elite Gu Immortals earlier, it was greatly damaged and was on the brink of destruction.


But Ying Wu Xie did not care.


He was abandoning this base already.


It could not be saved.


“Master.” Shi Nu appeared beside Ying Wu Xie, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan followed behind.


The latter two were lacking Immortal Gu, their battle strength had fallen to the bottom. Shi Nu was the strongest, particularly as Ying Wu Xie had already returned him all of his Immortal Gu.


Tai Bai Yun Sheng was worried: “Fang Yuan, your injuries...”


Ying Wu Xie smiled, waving his hand, stopping Tai Bai Yun Sheng: “No need to worry.”


After transacting with Fang Yuan, he had lost Fang Yuan’s body, his appearance changed, but he still had absolute control over these three people.


It was easy to deceive Tai Bai Yun Sheng, his body was destroyed when refining Gu, it was a good excuse that did not attract suspicion.


“The enemy is in front of us, let’s stop talking and leave.” At Ying Wu Xie’s will, the super Gu formation broke apart and the Immortal Gu that made up the Gu formation returned to him.


The other three immortals coordinated together, they gathered and stood at the north, south, east, and west directions with Ying Wu Xie.


Before leaving, Ying Wu Xie looked at the mysterious light in the sky as he laughed, he cried out loudly: “Central Continent... We will return with vengeance!”


He had transacted with Fang Yuan, obtaining a way out in this desperate situation, he had undergone a transformation, like jade that had been polished.


Even though he was escaping, when he spoke, morale was raised, it gave people hope from out of nowhere.


Move!


A bright light shone from Ying Wu Xie and the other immortals’ bodies.


They had practiced it extensively, they activated the Immortal Gu that they had refined recently, they burst out with power, fusing together into one mystical effect.


Bam...


With a loud sound, Ying Wu Xie and the others vanished.


Multiple rank eight Gu Immortals from Heavenly Court arrived from beyond the mystical lights.


“They left so quickly!” A female immortal was leading Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals.


She had a graceful figure and was adorned in a beautiful purple robe. Her eyes were like deep pools, with a sense of sorrow shrouding her face.


It was Fairy Zi Wei.


A troublesome figure with wisdom path attainment not inferior to Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord.


The few times she took action, she caused Ying Wu Xie and the others to end up in despair. If not for Fang Yuan, Ying Wu Xie would have been dead for sure.


She looked at the rubble on the ground as she deduced, frowning: “A total of four Gu Immortals... strange, I deduced that Fang Yuan was here initially, but now it’s different. No matter what, they are from Shadow Sect, they have to be killed.”


She spoke casually, but there was deep killing intent hidden in her icy words.


A Heavenly Court Gu Immortal behind her spoke: “I am sure they cannot escape this time, I will go to capture them.”


Fairy Zi Wei smiled lightly, but there was bitterness in her smile: “We cannot go. These four are at the regional wall already. By now, they should already be inside the regional wall.”


The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were surprised.


Someone asked: “So quickly?”


“This is an ancient battle formation, called Omni-directional Travel. Earlier, when Bo Qing awakened, he, along with the hairy man Gu Immortal Yu Mu Chun, immortal zombie Seven Star Child, and Blood Dragon Song Zi Xing teleported from Falling Heavenly River to Heavenly Lotus Sect, they used this method.”


“Even though we have Fixed Immortal Travel, this ancient battle formation uses people as the formation cores, it has lower restrictions regarding the Gu Immortals. We cannot stop them.”


Fairy Zi Wei deduced again as she said slowly.


In just a moment, she had completely understood what method Ying Wu Xie used to escape for his life.
