Chapter 1121: Finally Seeing Hei Fan’s True Inheritance

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


“This upper extreme heavenly eagle is an immemorial desolate beast, no wonder it gives off such an abnormal feeling.”


“If we are going to attack him, we will need to deal with the eagle first.”


“Did you forget what he said? Other than this eagle, he also has other ancient desolate beasts, is he an enslavement path Gu Immortal?”


“If he is an enslavement path Gu Immortal, he would be easier to deal with. This path is vulnerable to direct attacks, even if he is an immortal, we are also Gu Immortals...”


“That might not work! Don’t be hasty, we will see on Immortal Succession Mountain.”


Even up until the immortals arrived at Immortal Succession Mountain, some Gu Immortals were still talking about the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


This was not strange.


An immemorial desolate beast which had rank eight battle strength upon maturity, this news was a shock to the immortals.


Fang Yuan listened to their words but he still showed a calm and composed expression, there were no flaws in his acting.


Unwittingly, the immortals’ guesses of him had already distorted from reality.


Fang Yuan was happy to see this, the more wrong things they assumed, the greater his advantage.


If he was really treated as an enslavement path Gu Immortal, hehe, then they would get to see the power of a transformation path and strength path Gu Immortal!


Conversely, during the conversation, Fang Yuan continued to probe and obtained a lot of precious intelligence.


“These Gu Immortals seemed to have been isolated from the world for too long, they are not good at confrontations or dealing with people. Not just in terms of words, they are not as crafty as Gu Immortals outside, I could easily probe their background. They have barely any shrewdness, and their methods are outdated.”


“All in all, these Gu Immortals are split into two groups. One is led by Old Immortal Chen Chi, the four Gu Immortals are related by bloodline. The other group are the three blood sworn immortals, they are Zhou Min, Zheng Tuo, and Feng Jun, they actually have a blood path leader. The final two are loners, as expected, they do not work with the groups.”


Fang Yuan snickered internally.


Places with people will have competition for benefits.


Hei Fan grotto-heaven was no exception.


But evidently, the conflict here was small and low level, the Gu Immortals were not skilled at competing against one another. It truly paled in comparison to Northern Plains.


And most importantly, these Gu Immortals had very little knowledge.


Fang Yuan had already probed, these Gu Immortals could not get into treasure yellow heaven, or rather, they did not even know about its existence.


But...


Look at their identities, they were descendants of criminals, it made sense that Old Ancestor Hei Fan prevented them from connecting to treasure yellow heaven.


If they could connect to treasure yellow heaven, it would be different.


Not only would they have updated methods, they would be able to trade and gain knowledge, even without trading, they would grow in experience, it would be an immense growth.


Immortal Succession Mountain was a tall, lone mountain, it was not a famous mountain or river.


It had ten levels, getting smaller towards the top, there was evident signs of man-made design in it. Around the mountain were forests that had lots of resources in them, Fang Yuan was quite amazed.


Even though Hei Fan grotto-heaven was isolated from the world, it had no calamities and tribulations, and because it could not connect to treasure yellow heaven, the resources inside were truly too rich from generations of accumulation!


The immortals followed the brass bell heavenly spirit, landing in the single stone pavilion near the mountain peak.


The stone pavilion was very simple in structure, but even though it was just a pavilion, it had a grand atmosphere. The pavilion was supported by eight thick pillars. There was a stone tablet in the pavilion that was eye-catching. The stone tablet was huge like an elephant, it took up almost all of the space in the pavilion, there were words carved on it.


The brass bell heavenly spirit entered the stone pavilion, hanging on a pillar of the stone pavilion, there was a hook there, it stopped moving after getting into position.


Old Immortal Chen Chi said: “Superior immortal, you have just arrived, you must have many questions. Look at this stone tablet, it will answer a lot of your questions.”


Fang Yuan was prepared, he looked at it patiently.


A while later, he finally understood everything.


It turned out that back then, Hei Fan’s most beloved granddaughter, Hei Feng Yue, had vanished, along with attitude Gu.


Hei Fan lost his precious granddaughter, but there was nothing he could do, his lifespan was almost expended, he could only place his immortal aperture down and absorb the immemorial azure heaven fragment, losing his freedom.


The few Hei tribe Gu Immortals who could not take care of her were locked in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, not only was their freedom taken away, their immortal apertures were even taken out and fused into Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


This way, Hei Fan grotto-heaven became even bigger.


Before Hei Fan absorbed the fragment of immemorial azure heaven, he had already made his arrangements, leaving behind his true inheritance and the heavenly crystal eagle nest.


But he could not stop thinking about his granddaughter, he wanted his descendants to look for her, thus, he added an additional step, that was the aura of attitude Gu which was needed.


From his perspective: Even if he did not show up, with Hei tribe’s power at that time, they could definitely find Hei Feng Yue’s location and get back attitude Gu.


But in truth, he was too optimistic.


Or rather, because of kinship, he refused to accept the truth, he felt that Hei Feng Yue was still very likely alive.


Because of his miscalculation, Hei Fan’s true inheritance went uninherited for all this time, until now, after Fang Yuan disguised himself and opened the heavenly crystal eagle nest.


This had to be considered an error by Old Ancestor Hei Fan.


But he was a rank eight great expert after all, before his death, he sensed this error as well.


He thought: If nobody from the main tribe inherits his true inheritance, what would happen?


If that happened, either Hei tribe would be wiped out or become weakened, without any worthy descendants.


What Hei Fan thought of was: in that case, he might as well prepare another batch, and let the people in the grotto-heaven inherit his true inheritance, passing it down in that way. They had Hei tribe’s bloodline after all!


Thus, after setting up the heavenly crystal eagle nest, before his death, Hei Fan added a new rule to his true inheritance.


He set a timing.


Several hundred years later, if nobody from the main tribe obtains his true inheritance, then the descendants in the grotto-heaven would be allowed to roam Immortal Succession Mountain and find their own opportunities.


This was stated in the tablet: “Old Ancestor (Hei Fan) left behind his key true inheritance on Immortal Succession Mountain, he set up a lot of smaller inheritances as well before his lifespan ran out. The other Hei tribe criminal immortals cried and grieved, they felt that they let him down, they died together with him. But before dying, they imitated Hei Fan and left behind their stone tablet inheritances on Immortal Succession Mountain, their true inheritances were hidden inside.”


The Hei tribe members who were in Northern Plains were searching for attitude Gu, but there was nothing they could find.


Time passed, the time limit that Old Ancestor Hei Fan set had long since elapsed. Thus, in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, Immortal Succession Mountain was opened up to the mortals to explore.


As a result, Gu Immortals started appearing in Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


However, even though these mortals could compete for Hei Fan’s true inheritance, it was too difficult to explore Immortal Succession Mountain. Although many mortals obtained the true inheritances, and a portion of them became Gu Immortals, there had never been anyone who got to the mountain peak and obtained the first true inheritance.


According to the stone tablet: if the person who obtains the first true inheritance becomes a Gu Immortal, they would be the owner of Hei Fan grotto-heaven, they would have the authority to forgive the sins of these criminal immortals, they would regain freedom and return to Hei tribe.


But before this, no matter how many generations had gone by, they could not have the Hei surname, they could only have other names, it would remind them of their identities as criminals.


After reading the contents of the stone tablet, Fang Yuan finally understood, the confusion inside him was lifted.


“No wonder these Gu Immortals have such complex expressions and emotions towards me, they have both kind and ill intentions at the same time.”


Fang Yuan thought about it from their perspective, if it were him, he would be having even more complex feelings.


According to Hei Fan’s rules, the time limit was over, so be it the Hei tribe main immortals or these criminal immortals, they were qualified to vie for Hei Fan’s true inheritance.


These immortals had been enthusiastically raising descendants to obtain Hei Fan’s true inheritance, to open up the grotto-heaven and regain freedom.


As for these Gu Immortals, they had already obtained other inheritances, they were not qualified to compete for Hei Fan’s true inheritance.


Thus, the Gu Immortals in Hei Fan grotto-heaven did not have much conflict normally, they lived quite peacefully.


Originally, they did not think that anyone from the main tribe would come, after all, it had been so long, but nobody came. With Fang Yuan’s sudden appearance, their preconceptions were broken. And because of the rules on the stone tablet, they had to go welcome him, even though they were against his arrival and mentally not prepared.


From their perspective, Hei Fan’s true inheritance belonged to them already.


As long as they continued to nurture descendants, one day, someone would ascend the mountain peak and obtain Hei Fan’s true inheritance.


Thus, they did not want to see Fang Yuan’s arrival, but they had no choice but to follow the rules.


The heavenly spirit might be mindless, but Hei Fan had considered this before dying, even though it was rather unreliable, it still firmly carried on Hei Fan’s will after his death.


And Hei Fan still had one method of restriction.


Becoming a Gu Immortal would have calamities and tribulations.


Whenever they are unable to pass the tribulations, these Gu Immortals would come to Immortal Succession Mountain and ask the heavenly spirit for help.


The heavenly spirit would use the Immortal Gu in the first tablet’s true inheritance to stall their calamities and tribulations. Even though they could be safe for the moment, they would be under the heavenly spirit’s control.


The heavenly spirit only had to use a certain method in the true inheritance to remove the method of stalling calamities and tribulations, causing them to die.


Many Gu Immortals were able to pass the calamities and tribulations early on, but they did not know about treasure yellow heaven, even though Hei Fan grotto-heaven had a lot of resources, there was a limit to its variety, these Gu Immortals’ cultivation needs could not be fulfilled.


Thus, after many calamities and tribulations, when they got stronger, these Gu Immortals were gradually unable to pass them.


Eventually, they had no choice but to seek help from the heavenly spirit, they all fell into Hei Fan’s trap and became controlled by the heavenly spirit. Even though Hei Fan had died for many years, he still had great control over Hei Fan grotto-heaven as a result.


“Old Ancestor Hei Fan, as expected and worthy of the champion that led Hei tribe to its most glorious era! Even after he died, he still had complete control of Hei Fan grotto-heaven, these Gu Immortals all revere him.”


“But what this tablet states might not be too factual. Heh. I don’t believe that those criminal immortals were willing to die together with Old Ancestor Hei Fan! Evidently, regardless of their wishes, Hei Fan still acted in this ruthless and cruel manner, he is truly praiseworthy. If they were allowed to live, Hei Fan grotto-heaven might have been broken through from the inside already.”


Thoughts flashed past his mind rapidly, Fang Yuan’s gaze retracted from the stone tablet, he slowly raised his head to look at the brass bell heavenly spirit.


He asked: “Then, what should I do to obtain this true inheritance?”


Once he said that, the other Gu Immortals held their breaths and concentrated, looking over with concerned gazes.
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1122: Troublesome Final Test

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


The stone tablet in the pavilion stated: Be it a main tribe member brought over by the heavenly spirit or a criminal immortal who ascended the mountain, they had one final, most important test before inheriting Hei Fan’s true inheritance.


But the contents of this final test were not written on the stone tablet, they had to ask the heavenly spirit.


The heavenly spirit was mindless, but remembered Hei Fan’s instructions.


Thus, Fang Yuan asked it.


Soon, the immortals heard the brass bell heavenly spirit shake, creating a long and loud sound.


When the sound vibrated off the pillars, there were changes to the tablet. At the end of the original content, new lines were appearing.


The immortals gasped upon seeing it.


“This says that Hei Fan grotto-heaven is the true inheritance itself. Whoever obtains the true inheritance becomes Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s owner!”


“But to obtain Hei Fan’s true inheritance, there is one final test, it is actually this?”


“No wonder Old Ancestor Hei Fan set a rule that if the inheritor appears, all of us need to go and welcome him!”


“Old ancestor is magnanimous, he planned meticulously. Even though we are criminals, he had never forgotten us, he is still concerned about us descendants.”


The immortals discussed, they felt admiration towards Old Ancestor Hei Fan, some had red eyes as they almost cried.


Fang Yuan looked at the new information, he was frowning, his expression had turned heavy.


The contents clearly told him what the test was.


“As long as I pass the final test, I can obtain Hei Fan’s true inheritance. But what is this? It wants me to obtain the votes of half of the Gu Immortals inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven?! And I must complete it within three years in the grotto-heaven’s time.”


Fang Yuan shook his head.


Old Ancestor Hei Fan’s final test was out of his expectations.


Evidently, he was siding with the Gu Immortals inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


As an outsider, it was very difficult for Fang Yuan to obtain their support.


But Fang Yuan soon reacted, he understood Hei Fan’s intentions.


Old Ancestor Hei Fan set the rules to encourage his inheritor to take in these Gu Immortals within Hei Fan grotto-heaven. After all, Gu Immortals were hard to nurture, by taking them in, it would benefit Hei tribe greatly.


Thus, this not only tested the inheritor’s abilities, their interpersonal skills were also tested, whether they could be a skilled leader to unite others or not.


Hei Fan was using his true inheritance to choose a leader for Hei tribe, he was not just looking for a Gu Immortal expert.


“Old fellow, you are already dead, why are you considering so many things, it is so troublesome!” Fang Yuan thought, but on the surface, he sighed as he spoke in heartfelt fashion: “Ancestor Hei Fan was thinking for Hei tribe the entire time, he put in so much effort, as a descendant, I am deeply moved!”


“Yes, yes!” The immortals heard his words and responded.


Originally, these Gu Immortals were feeling very worried, after all, if Fang Yuan obtained Hei Fan’s true inheritance, they did not know what would happen to criminal immortals like themselves.


But now, with Old Ancestor Hei Fan’s arrangement, their welfare was assured.


Fang Yuan kept his moved expression as he turned around, standing before the stone tablet, facing the immortals in the pavilion, he asked: “Then... how can I obtain all of your support?”


As Fang Yuan had expected, what he obtained was silence.


Times were different now.


Initially, they were wary of him, but now, Fang Yuan needed to get half of the Gu Immortals’ recognition, in that case, the situation was reversed, it was completely different.


The immortals looked at each other, nobody spoke.


Only their gaze towards Fang Yuan changed.


Earlier, they were cautious and tried to express kindness while concealing their ill intent, but now, they had distant gazes, they got on their high horses and thought about it internally.


Fang Yuan was not rushed, he stood on the spot, waiting for their reply.


After a while of silence, the most experienced and oldest Gu Immortal, Chen Chi, could not hold it in anymore, he coughed: “Today’s matters progressed too quickly, we are simply unprepared for it. Sigh, maybe I am getting old, all this thinking is making my head hurt, I cannot process it yet. Superior immortal, you must have had a long journey to reach here and are tired, right? Why don’t you go take a rest first and relax, we can think about this later.”


“This old fox.” Fang Yuan snickered internally.


Old Immortal Chen Chi’s words were well received by the Gu Immortals present, they answered him with great enthusiasm.


They were fragmented earlier, but now, it looked like they were united, dealing with the outsider Fang Yuan together.


“However, so what if I agree to your stalling?” Fang Yuan had expected them to respond in that manner, his expression did not change, he nodded and said reluctantly: “Immortal Chen Chi, you have a point.”


Chen Chi showed a smile of victory, but soon he concealed it: “My accommodations are crude, but we have some tea for you. If you do not mind, it would be my great honor to accommodate you.”


Chen Chi invited warmly, but he did not give a clear reply to Fang Yuan’s words.


Fang Yuan smiled in a reluctant manner, nodding: “I will trouble you in that case.”


He called it ‘crude’, but Old Immortal Chen Chi was naturally just being humble.


His accommodations were not crude at all, instead, they were very elegant and grand.


A number of palaces sat on top of a mountain peak.


This mountain seemed to be man-made, the top was flat, palaces were erected all over it, there were golden bricks and green tiles, with many beautifully crafted pillars.


Chen Chi and his Gu Immortal subordinates lived here.


Not just them, a large number of Gu Masters and mortals as well.


“These are all my descendants, hehehe, please excuse them, superior immortal. At my age, I enjoy having descendants and nurturing them.” Chen Chi explained.


Fang Yuan nodded: “This shows that you are someone who values relationships.”


Chen Chi looked at Fang Yuan with deep meaning: “Who would not like people who values relationships and loyalty? Hehehe.”


“Hahaha.” Fang Yuan laughed too.


Seeing Chen Chi and Fang Yuan talking so harmoniously, the other three Gu Immortals had relaxed emotions.


Just like this, Fang Yuan stayed here for the time being.


Strangely, since the first day, Chen Chi had not shown himself again, and did not meet with Fang Yuan again. Fang Yuan was not anxious, he waited patiently.


Four days later.


In the palaces.


Fang Yuan and Chen Le strolled in the long walkways.


Chen Le was one of the female immortals, she had long hair in two buns and a bubbly nature. In terms of bloodline, she was Old Immortal Chen Chi’s great granddaughter.


“Young master Hei Cheng, look at that lotus, I love its color!” Chen Le pointed at the lotus pond and smiled.


This walkway was quite special, it crossed over the entire lotus pond.


There were lotuses inside the lotus pond of all colors, they were floating aimlessly, it was a beautiful sight.


These last days, even though Old Immortal Chen Chi did not meet with Fang Yuan, Chen Le was keeping him company, to look at all the scenic sites in the palaces.


“This yellow lotus is cute, pure and innocent, it really suits you, Le Er.” Fang Yuan smiled.


Chen Le lowered her head, she was embarrassed, she said faintly: “Young master, what are you saying? Le Er... Le Er was just happy from seeing these flowers.”


“I feel very happy seeing you as well, Le Er.” Fang Yuan smiled as he extended his arms, holding Le Er’s hands.


Chen Le’s body shook, she subconsciously wanted to get free, but Fang Yuan’s hands were holding her tightly.


Chen Le’s face was bright red, even with her Gu Immortal cultivation level, her brain was in chaos, she struggled as she murmured: “Young master, young master, you...”


Fang Yuan took a step forward, his body almost completely touching Chen Le.


Chen Le quickly moved back, because her body was unstable, she fell backwards.


Fang Yuan held her in his arms as she fell.


“Be careful, don’t fall.” His gentle voice entered Chen Le’s ears, when Chen Le reacted, she was already lying in Fang Yuan’s arms.


Chen Le raised her head, she saw Fang Yuan, who was smiling with a hint of cheekiness in his gaze.


Chen Le was extremely embarrassed, she punched Fang Yuan’s chest softly: “Young master, you are too naughty, you bullied me!”


Saying this, she struggled out of Fang Yuan’s embrace.


Fang Yuan gasped, he took a step back, showing intense pain on his face.


Chen Le quickly moved forward, asking him with deep concern: “Young master, how are you?”


Fang Yuan breathed in deeply: “To speak the truth. not long ago, I engaged in a fierce battle. It is not easy to inherit Hei Fan true inheritance. Many Gu Immortals in the tribe are not willing to see it happen.”


“So you are injured? Why didn’t you tell me!” Chen Le stomped her feet, her embarrassment was gone, she looked at Fang Yuan’s chest as she asked: “Does it still hurt?”


“It is a small injury, it is no issue. But with higher cultivation level, my dao marks are deeper, the injuries I suffered are more severe.” Fang Yuan smiled, before shifting the topic: “However, your great grandfather refined Gu and suffered injuries, he is in a similar state as me, right? Otherwise, why would he not meet me for the last few days?”


Panic flashed across Chen Le’s eyes, she stammered and tried to respond to Fang Yuan.


Old Immortal Chen Chi could not refuse to meet Fang Yuan without any reason, thus, the excuse he gave was that he had suffered a backlash from Gu refinement failure, his injuries were severe and he could not meet guests.


Of course, at this timing, how could he suddenly get injured from refining Gu?


Both parties knew the reason, they did not speak it.


On that night, the four Gu Immortals including Chen Chi engaged in a secret discussion.


Chen Le reported: “Ancestor, young master Hei Cheng asked me about your injury today.”


“Oh? He finally lost his patience huh...” Chen Chi smiled.


“Thankfully, I managed to conceal it, he was not suspicious. But as time passes, I am afraid...” Chen Le was worried.


The other three Gu Immortals looked at each other, smiling.


Chen Le was well protected by her family, she was unhardened and innocent, she did not know that Fang Yuan knew about it clearly. The fact that he asked about Chen Chi’s injuries was a subtle reminder.


The male Gu Immortal Chen Li Zhi thought for a moment before saying: “It seems that we have to talk to this Hei Cheng properly.”
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1123: What is this Gu’s Name?

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


Old Immortal Chen Chi shook his head, he said with an unmoved expression: “So what if we wait a few more days? There is no rush.”


Chen Li Zhi said worriedly: “He understands the situation, if we drag this out, he might get annoyed. If he is forced away and goes to Zheng Tuo’s side, it would be troublesome.”


“Little Zhi, don’t worry.” Chen Chi smiled, analyzing: “The final test of the true inheritance requires half of the Gu Immortals in Hei Fan grotto-heaven to support Hei Cheng. Right now in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, disregarding Hei Cheng himself, there are nine Gu Immortals. We have four people on our side, we are nearly half of the total. This is a huge quantity, as long as he gets our support, he would already be one step from winning. As long as he gets one more person’s vote, he would succeed. There is no way he did not consider this.”


“Even if he gives up on our side and go to the other Gu Immortals, he would face trouble. The situation is different now, he is an outsider, if he wants our support, he has to give up some benefits, he needs to put up something for our gain. Moreover, those three, Zheng Tuo and the others, are more ambitious.”


Chen Li Zhi did not speak, instead, Chen Wan Yun said: “Old ancestor, actually, I have an idea. If Hei Cheng cannot get half of the Gu Immortals’ votes, wouldn’t he fail? As long as Hei Fan true inheritance remains on Immortal Succession Mountain, one day, our descendants would ascend to the top and obtain it, right? We have been guarding Hei Fan’s true inheritance for countless generations, even Old Ancestor Hei Fan gave us the rights to vie for it, are we really going to give it to an outsider?”


“Hei Cheng is not an outsider, he is from the main tribe.” Chen Le rebuked.


“Le Er, don’t forget, the main tribe is enjoying freedom and glory in the outside world. As for us, we have been trapped here for generations, suffering in torment!” Chen Wan Yun said grimly.


Chen Le had a bitter expression, she stopped talking.


Chen Chi shook his head: “Yun Er, I had considered your words long ago, this would not work.”


“Firstly, it is extremely difficult for mortals to ascend Immortal Succession Mountain, even if we nurture them and a lucky person shows up, when would they finally inherit the true inheritance? Decades? Centuries? Nobody knows.”


“Secondly, even though Hei Cheng is alone, don’t forget about the Hei tribesmen behind him, there are a huge number of Hei tribe Gu Immortals. If he fails, that is only his personal failure. Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals are going to continue coming here. By then, can we stop them all? Are we going to stop all of the main tribe’s Gu Immortal? Can we? Other than the four of us, can Zheng Tuo and the rest be trusted?”


These Gu Immortals in Hei Fan grotto-heaven did not know about treasure yellow heaven, after so many years and generations, they could not connect to treasure yellow heaven. Thus, they had no idea what happened to Hei tribe. Fang Yuan lied and concealed the truth, he easily deceived these Gu Immortals, running around them in circles.


Chen Chi’s words made the rest of the immortals’ expressions change.


Chen Le added: “That’s right, today, young master Hei Cheng told me that it was a tough process to defeat those Hei tribe Gu Immortals and obtain victory. Even until now, he is still injured.”


Chen Chi nodded, continuing to analyze: “Hei Cheng was able to emerge victorious, he is not ordinary at all. He has rank seven cultivation level, and the upper extreme heavenly eagle with him, he has great prospects. If we help him now, it would be giving him timely assistance, when we return to the main tribe, we will have a firm foundation under him, wouldn’t that be great?”


“However, we are not going to help him without any rewards. He has to pay a price, if he does not give up some benefits, he would not cherish our help. He would not feel gratitude towards us.”


“Old ancestor is right.” Chen Li Zhi said.


“We will not go wrong listening to ancestor!” Chen Le smiled.


Chen Chi sighed eerily, he looked at the three Gu Immortals, saying with deep emotions: “I am old, my lifespan is almost up. I only want you descendants to live better in the future. When I go into the door of life and death, I will rest in peace.”


“Ancestor, don’t say things like that, you will definitely live a long time.” Chen Le’s eyes turned red.


Chen Li Zhi said firmly: “Ancestor, don’t forget about lifespan Gu! To obtain our support, that Hei Cheng has to give us something, lifespan Gu is definitely one of our conditions.”


Chen Chi’s eyes flashed deeply, he looked at Chen Le: “Forget about lifespan Gu, at the very least, we need to make sure Le Er fulfills her wish, and gets together with her lover.”


Chen Le’s face was flushed red with embarrassment, she stood up as she stomped her feet: “Ancestor, you are making fun of me again!”


Hahaha...


In the secret room, laughter was echoing.


At the same time, Fang Yuan stood on the garden of his accommodation, raising his head towards the night sky.


This Hei Fan grotto-heaven had a clear day and night, daytime was long, while night time was short.


This was something that only happened in grotto-heavens, blessed lands usually did not have day and night.


Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s night sky had no stars, but the darkness was not pitch-black, if one looked closely, it had azure color.


A cool wind blew, Fang Yuan’s arms were behind his back, he looked at the sky as he sorted out the information that he had obtained recently.


These last days, he had been interacting with Chen Le, obtaining a lot of precious information from this gullible girl, he had clear and extensive knowledge regarding Hei Fan grotto-heaven and the Gu Immortals inside it.


Moreover, he had developed his ideas regarding Hei Fan true inheritance further.


“It is almost time, in just two days, the time will be ripe.” Fang Yuan thought, cold light flashed across his eyes, shining deeply.


Two days went by in an instant.


It was noon, bright sunlight radiated in the palace, making it extremely lively.


Winds blew, birds chirped, it was a beautiful sight.


From outside Chen Chi’s room, Fang Yuan’s voice could be heard: “I came here without informing you, I hope you can forgive me.”


“He finally lost his patience. But he already waited for quite some time.” Chen Chi was not surprised.


The entire group of palaces was a huge mortal Gu House, Fang Yuan’s actions were all under his observation.


The door opened on its own.


Chen Chi sat on his bed, half lying down, he said weakly: “Esteemed guest, you are here, but I am unable to get up and attend to you.”


Fang Yuan quickly walked in, standing in front of the bed, saying worriedly: “It seems that you are heavily injured. You are a rule path Gu Immortal, after considering deeply, I thought of a way to lighten your injuries.”


Chen Chi had no injuries: “Superior immortal, I am grateful for your concern, but my injury is not something that can be healed easily.”


Fang Yuan smiled: “Friend, you might not know, my immortal killer move is a signature method of our tribe. Even though the core Immortal Gu is still in the tribe, I know the content of the killer move. I will pass this immortal killer move to you, you can change the core and it might help with your injuries.”


“How can I accept this great gift?” Chen Chi quickly rejected.


Fang Yuan said warmly: “I feel like we are close friends, these last few days, I have been imposing on all of you. The killer move will be my gift in return.”


“Superior immortal, this gift is simply too valuable.” Chen Chi continued to reject it.


Fang Yuan’s expression changed, his tone became very worried: “How can an immortal killer move express my true sincerity? Oh! Honestly speaking, this Hei Fan true inheritance’s final test is troubling me greatly. I hope you can give me some advice.”


Chen Chi heard this and his eyes shined, he understood Fang Yuan’s words. He was here to exchange benefits for support.


Chen Chi subconsciously sat up, saying: “In my humble opinion, this matter is like refining Gu. When refining Gu, the fire is very important. It has to be large at times, and small at other times, we have to deal with important matters more patiently. Hehe, I am ashamed! I have a lot of interest in Gu refinement, so I spouted nonsense, please ignore me.”


This was not nonsense, it was simply bullshit!


As a rule path Gu Immortal, why are you so interested in refinement path?


But Fang Yuan knew what he was trying to say, he smiled: “The main tribe has countless books on refinement path, as long as I obtain the true inheritance, I will be able to grant everyone freedom. When you return to the main tribe, these books will all be accessible to you. And I have collected a number of refinement path methods and Gu recipes as well. When I succeed, I can give them all to you, why not?”


Chen Chi nodded, showing a pleased expression.


But he quickly said: “I love refinement path, it is truly a time wasting hobby. But my nephew Chen Li Zhi is an enslavement path Gu Immortal, he is so envious of your upper extreme heavenly eagle.”


Fang Yuan’s expression sank: “There is only one upper extreme heavenly eagle, it cannot be given away. But there are a lot of iron crown eagles in the main tribe, they are famous in Northern Plains. I can assure that everyone will get one once we return.”


Chen Chi’s joy flashed on his face, he sighed: “In the past, Old Ancestor Hei Fan suppressed Qiao tribe, it was to obtain their secret of raising eagles. To think that after so many years, they had already developed to this extent. But our ancestors were criminals, when we return to the main tribe, what circumstances will we face, I am truly worried!”


“No need to worry, I can assure that everyone will be very welcomed back in Hei tribe, after all, your return means that the tribe becomes stronger as well.” Fang Yuan paused before saying: “As for the crime, it occurred so many generations ago, once I get the true inheritance, I will spare everyone. You have all defended Hei Fan grotto-heaven for so many years, your merits outweigh your crimes, and because you also helped me obtain the true inheritance... Hehe, when I return to the main tribe, I will uphold justice for everyone!”


Chen Chi smiled: “Superior immortal, you are a dragon among men, an absolute genius, your words are truly reliable, after hearing this, I am somewhat assured.”


“I thank you for your trust. We all have Hei tribe’s bloodline, we are one family. However... as for the other immortals outside, it will depend on their performance.” Fang Yuan vaguely suggested.


His meaning was: first come first serve, whoever supports him first will gain greater benefits when they return to the main tribe.


Chen Chi nodded, he was a sly fox, he naturally understood what Fang Yuan meant.


He smiled: “Superior immortal, your words are truly enlightening, they are amazing. Especially the word family, it is so apt.”


Saying so, he looked at Fang Yuan, seeing his slight smile, he felt deeper confidence, he asked: “What do you think of Little Le?”


Fang Yuan’s smile faded, he answered: “Intelligent and eloquent, innocent and lively, she is very attractive.”


“I will not lie to you, Le Er is secretly in love with you. Sigh, it is a pity! Superior immortal, you are such a talented person, how could she match you. Sigh, as her ancestor, I am unable to fulfill her wish. I only hope that Le Er, this poor child, is able to forget about superior immortal and find her own happiness in the future.” Chen Le sighed.


Fang Yuan no longer smiled, he frowned as he considered, before saying solemnly: “I will not lie to you either, I am in love with Chen Le, I am willing to marry her as my wife!”


If he really loved her, he should be yelling happily in excitement, he would not show a solemn expression after considering it.


But Chen Chi ignored it completely, as if he could not understand it.


Fang Yuan snickered internally, he could understand why. This Chen Chi kept saying he was thinking for his descendant’s future, but was that true? He was sacrificing Chen Le to gain his own benefits!


Chen Chi laughed loudly, Fang Yuan’s reply was very satisfactory to him, even though he said it reluctantly.


He went overboard, his smile vanished, he sighed deeply: “Sigh, it is a pity that my lifespan is running out, I will not be able to attend you and Le Er’s wedding.”


Fang Yuan instantly understood, this old fellow was asking for lifespan Gu! His expression turned grim, he stopped smiling, he said dryly: “That’s not the case at all, in my opinion, you are truly hale and hearty, your appetite is truly great.”


Old Immortal Chen Chi chuckled as he looked at Fang Yuan directly, he showed a determined expression that was not backing off: “I am truly ashamed, actually, I am a very greedy person, not only do I want to attend the wedding of superior immortal and Le Er, I also want to see the children that you have after getting married. After all, those are my descendants as well.”


Fang Yuan began to prance around, his eyebrows were tightly pursed, he said directly: “Lifespan Gu are hard to find, they are very precious, I am unable to give them away.”


“This treasure from heaven is truly hard to obtain.” Old Immortal Chen Chi nodded, as if he had expected Fang Yuan’s reply already, he continued: “But there is no need to worry. I’ll let you know, this Hei Fan grotto-heaven also produces lifespan Gu, they are all gathered and collected. The heavenly spirit might be mindless, but Old Ancestor Hei Fan had his arrangements. If I am not wrong, there are definitely lifespan Gu within Hei Fan’s true inheritance. I... sigh, I only need three hundred years worth of lifespan Gu.”


“Three hundred years?!” Fang Yuan stared at Chen Chi angrily.


Chen Chi was still smiling comfortably.


Fang Yuan turned furious: “Three hundred is too much, I don’t even have a single one! I will only give a hundred.”


“One hundred and fifty.” Chen Chi bargained, he finally put down his act.


Fang Yuan walked for a few more rounds, gritting his teeth: “Forget it, I will give you a hundred and fifty!”


“Deal!” Chen Chi clapped, smiling widely and happily, he stopped caring about his face.


After all, this was more than a hundred years of lifespan, how could a bit of face compare to it?


Chen Chi looked at Fang Yuan, smiling even more deeply now: “Superior immortal, I heard from Le Er that you have a lot of Immortal Gu, I wonder if you can let me have a look to broaden my horizons?”


Fang Yuan was stunned before flying into a rage, he gritted his teeth at Chen Chi.


This old fellow was too greedy, he said he wanted to take a look, but the truth was, he wanted Fang Yuan to use an Immortal Gu to exchange for his support!


Chen Chi saw Fang Yuan turning furious and his heart jumped, but soon, he thought that this was a rare chance, there would be no opportunities like this again. After they returned to the main tribe, would this occur again?


Thus, he quickly said: “Superior immortal, this is my final request, as long as I get it, the four of us will definitely support you.”


Fang Yuan began prancing again.


He took heavy steps, as if the concrete floor had an unresolvable deep enmity with him.


Chen Chi observed his expression, seeing that Fang Yuan’s anger was fading and he was actually thinking about it, he let down his guard.


He felt great joy inside him: “Success!”


As expected, after a moment, Fang Yuan stopped his movements, he stood in front of the bed with an Immortal Gu in his hand.


“Rank seven Immortal Gu!” Chen Chi shouted, feeling surprised and joyful.


“This is a sword path Immortal Gu, it is not compatible with me, otherwise, you would never see this!” Fang Yuan said angrily.


“What is this Gu’s name?” Chen Chi’s eyes were shining, he watched as Fang Yuan handed the Gu over to him.


“Wait, I’ll exchange with this one instead.” Fang Yuan suddenly changed his mind, he retracted his arm as he took out another Gu from his immortal aperture.


Chen Chi’s gaze subconsciously moved to Fang Yuan’s other arm.


No sooner said than done!


The sword path Immortal Gu activated!


Sword path killer move — Dark Assassination!!


Chen Chi was staring blankly, the bloody mark left on his forehead enlarged as blood started to spew out from the front and back of his head.


He was dead!
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1124: Dark Assassination

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


With Chen Chi’s death, all the palaces started shaking.


The group of palaces were all mortal Gu Houses, they were under Old Immortal Chen Chi’s control.


But Fang Yuan came prepared, at his will, he activated arrangements that were prepared long ago.


At once, the tremors of the palaces settled down and did not continue.


This was one of Fang Yuan’s preparations these last days.


Mortal Gu Houses were nothing special to Gu Immortals. Unless it was regarding an Immortal Gu House, but how could these Gu Immortals inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven have that?


Hei Fan was ruthless, before he died, he killed all of the criminal Hei tribe Gu Immortals. The inheritances left behind were naturally lacking some crucial information, there was no way they contained information about Immortal Gu Houses.


And with just these Gu Immortals inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven, there was little hope of them creating an Immortal Gu House.


Furthermore, even though the palaces were huge and grand, the methods used were too old. Fang Yuan could easily unravel them. Old Immortal Chen Chi letting him stay here for such a long time was a huge mistake!


“These Gu Immortals in Hei Fan grotto-heaven have lived in peace for too long, without great struggle and competition to spur on progress, they have basically no alertness.” Fang Yuan looked at Old Immortal Chen Chi’s corpse, snickering in disdain.


Chen Chi died with his eyes wide open, he was still in shock, Fang Yuan had attacked too quickly, he could not even react to show fear.


Fang Yuan confirmed that Chen Chi was dead, before keeping him inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


Next, he used familiar face, turning into Old Immortal Chen Chi’s appearance and leaving the room, walking out openly.


“Greetings to old ancestor!”


“Greetings to old ancestor!”


Along the way, Fang Yuan met many Gu Masters and mortals of all genders and age. After seeing Fang Yuan, they knelt down, expressing their most respectful greetings.


Every time, Fang Yuan activated his Gu worms, using a formless force to help them stand up, he asked them some questions in encouragement, these descendants of Chen Chi were extremely grateful to him.


They did not know that the real Chen Chi had already been killed by Fang Yuan, they were greeting the culprit.


They did not suspect a thing, because this was how Old Immortal Chen Chi usually acted.


Fang Yuan had been toying with Chen Le these last days, he obtained a lot of intel, among which were Chen Chi’s habits.


Otherwise, with just familiar face, he could only disguise his appearance, he could not alter his actions to fit those of Old Immortal Chen Chi as well.


Fang Yuan walked openly and confidently. After a while, he arrived at a palace.


“Ancestor, why are you here?” Chen Li Zhi heard a disturbance and walked out of the palace, greeting him.


He looked at Fang Yuan with much puzzlement.


He was not suspecting his identity, of course, instead, he was thinking, ancestor was clearly using the excuse of being bedridden currently to delay the meeting with Hei Cheng. Why did he appear in public so openly today, going against the original plan?


“Little Zhi, that Hei Cheng came to me secretly earlier, we have already finished negotiating. Let’s go in, I have a matter to discuss with you.” Fang Yuan said slowly, he patted Chen Li Zhi’s back, he walked ahead with his arms behind his back.


The entire group of palaces were mortal Gu Houses.


But these three Gu Immortals’ accommodations respectively belonged to them.


On this point, Old Immortal Chen Chi could not interfere. He could not control the lives of his descendants to this extent, right?


Chen Li Zhi heard Fang Yuan’s words and his thoughts shifted, his suspicions were lifted, he quickly moved forward, leading the way.


“Ancestor, please take a seat.” He bowed, directing Fang Yuan to his seat.


“Please have some tea.” Soon, he prepared a high quality tea and handed it over with both hands, having a respectful attitude.


After handing over the tea, Chen Li Zhi went down to sit at a lower seat.


After drinking the tea, Fang Yuan saw that Chen Li Zhi was seated far from himself, he said: “Oh, Little Zhi, bring your chair over, sit beside me.”


Chen Li Zhi was shocked and pleased, he joyfully answered: “Yes, ancestor. I will stand beside you and listen to your guidance.”


How could he stand?


There was a difference between sitting and standing.


When standing, one’s muscles were contracted, they could move rapidly.


When seated, the body relaxed, even their mental state would be affected, they would let down their guard.


Fang Yuan wanted to kill Chen Li Zhi, he had to make ample preparations.


Thus, Fang Yuan pretended to be unhappy: “I asked you to move your chair, why are you being so reluctant? I have already talked to Hei Cheng, now, we need to deal with Zheng Tuo’s gang. I need to entrust many matters to you, Yun Er and Le Er are both women, at the crucial moment, Little Zhi, you have to handle more responsibilities.”


Chen Li Zhi had countless thoughts in his mind, he had a feeling of joy after receiving recognition.


“Yes.” He quickly moved his chair, sitting beside Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan saw that the doors were open, he said: “Close the doors, these words are better kept as a secret from outsiders.”


Chen Li Zhi had no doubts, he followed the instructions.


“Hei Cheng could not endure it anymore, he came to me. After negotiating with Hei Cheng for a long time, he promised us many benefits, he is very sincere...” Fang Yuan said slowly.


Chen Li Zhi listened attentively.


He wanted to ask what price Hei Cheng paid, but because his ancestor did not mention it, he did not dare to ask.


Right now, Fang Yuan started to satisfy his curiosity, he exaggerated the amount somewhat, causing Chen Li Zhi to listen with joy and excitement.


“Hei Cheng actually offered a rank seven Immortal Gu?” At the end, Chen Li Zhi gasped, he was truly overjoyed.


“Will I lie to you? Take a look.” Fang Yuan chuckled, taking out flying sword Immortal Gu.


“Good Gu, this is a good Gu.” Chen Li Zhi quickly praised.


“Oh Little Zhi...” Fang Yuan said slowly.


Chen Li Zhi immediately raised his head, his ancestor was talking to him, how could he be distracted?


At this instance, sword light flashed!


Chen Li Zhi was startled, there seemed to be a flash of light just then?


Next, he looked at Fang Yuan’s hand subconsciously, the flying sword Immortal Gu there was gone.


Why did the Gu vanish?


Chen Li Zhi was perplexed, but suddenly, he felt his body going weak, there was a warm liquid flowing down his forehead.


Suddenly, his world started spinning.


He fell onto the ground, kneeling. One of his hands was on the floor supporting himself, while he attempted to grab Fang Yuan’s robe with the other, but he did not succeed.


Plop.


He fell onto the ground, completely dead.


Fang Yuan’s warm smile vanished, his expression turned icy cold.


Doing the same thing as before, Fang Yuan suppressed this palace as well, preventing it from shaking, others could not see any problems.


Next, he gathered Chen Li Zhi’s corpse and kept it in his immortal aperture, he opened the palace doors and left.


There were two female Gu Immortals remaining, Chen Wan Yun had greater threat, Fang Yuan’s next target was her!


“Sister, I finally succeeded in my new move, concealment within.” Chen Le smiled and said to Chen Wan Yun.


“Is that so?” Chen Wan Yun heard this and was overjoyed, she looked at Chen Le with an expression of satisfaction: “It seems that our Le Er is finally working hard. Let me guess, who is the person who motivated you to cultivate this hard?”


Chen Wan Yun pretended to think, she continued: “Hmm... I think this person has the surname Hei, and there is only one other word in his full name...”


Before she finished, Chen Le interrupted: “Sister, stop teasing me! I was very hardworking to begin with, okay!”


“Is that so?” Chen Wan Yun smiled as she saw Chen Le’s shy appearance, she thought: “Le Er might be innocent and grew up under our protection, but she knows how impressive Hei Cheng is, thus she is trying to improve herself. I was going to remind her, but it seems that I was worried for nothing.”


Chen Le could not deal with this glance, she took a step back, vanishing from Chen Wan Yun’s sight.


“Sister, I used concealment within, can you find me? Hehe, do you know where I am?” In an instant, Chen Wan Yun could hear Chen Le’s voice near her.


“Cheeky girl, after I find you, I will deal with you!” Chen Wan Yun showed an evil appearance, she was about to use her investigative killer move, when suddenly, she felt some disturbance outside, she was curious: “Why is ancestor here? Le Er, stop playing, go with me to greet him.”


Chen Le was about to dispel her immortal killer move, but suddenly, she had an idea, she remembered the time when Old Immortal Chen Chi made fun of her, she pouted: “Forget it, I will listen secretly by the side, let’s see if ancestor can find me. If he cannot find me, and I appear suddenly, he would be in shock. Hehehe.”


“Oh you, you are too mischievous, you will not be able to get married.” Chen Wan Yun shook her head, walking out of the palace to greet Old Immortal Chen Chi.


Fang Yuan had familiar face, Chen Wan Yun and Chen Le could not find out his true identity. But Fang Yuan did not have an outstanding investigative killer move, he could not find Chen Le, who was concealed. In fact, even if he had a killer move like that, he could not use it openly.


Once he used it, his immortal aura would leak, it would invite suspicion.


Only immortal methods like dark assassination could completely conceal the aura of Immortal Gu, without leaking a trace, one could sneak attack and catch an enemy unprepared.


Chen Wan Yun brought Fang Yuan to his seat, she wanted to call Chen Le to come out, how could she peek at them with such disrespect?


But thinking about it: “Old ancestor dotes on Le Er, he gained a lot of benefits just now after negotiating with young master Hei Cheng, he is in a good mood. Even if ancestor discovers Le Er in hiding, he would surely not blame her.”


Thinking of that, Chen Wan Yun pretended to be unaware, passing the tea to him.


Fang Yuan drank a mouthful, he did the same thing again, asking Chen Wan Yun to sit closer to him.


Chen Le watched as she held in her laughter, she felt extremely excited.


Next, as she listened to Fang Yuan and Chen Wan Yun’s words, she gradually focused and upon hearing their gains, she was very happy, but she started worrying for Fang Yuan: “Young master Hei Cheng paid such a huge price, will this affect him negatively?”


Soon after, Fang Yuan took out flying sword Immortal Gu: “This rank seven sword path Immortal Gu was given to me by Hei Cheng, adding on to his previous offer. Yun Er, I want you to go to the cave where the three immortals live, using this as a chip to convince the three immortals to support Hei Cheng, are you willing to do it?”


Chen Wan Yun quickly got up: “Ancestor, I will follow your instructions.”


“Good, good, good.” Fang Yuan chuckled.


Chen Le’s gaze was focused on flying sword Immortal Gu as well.


This was the first time she was seeing a rank seven Immortal Gu, she could not hold in her curiosity, she wanted to jump out and give a surprise to her ancestor.


But at the next moment, a change occurred!


Dark assassination activated again.


How could Chen Wan Yun anticipate that her beloved ancestor, someone with such closeness to her, would attack?


Without any defense, this gentle female immortal followed in the footsteps of Chen Chi and Chen Li Zhi.


Chen Wan Yun was killed!


Fang Yuan retrieved Flying Sword, he sent the corpse into his immortal aperture, he got rid of the blood stains and left.


Chen Le was still concealed, she was covering her mouth with her hands, her eyes were wide open and staring, but her pupils had shrunk to pin size.


Her nostrils were expanded, she was breathing in deeply.


Her delicate body was shivering, tears were flowing down her beautiful tender cheeks silently.


Unbelievable!


Extreme terror!!


“How can this be? How can this happen!”


“What did I just see? What just happened?!”


“Is this an illusion? Definitely, this is all an illusion!”


“How can this be? Hehehe, hahaha, ancestor killed sister Yun Er?! How can that be!”


But the truth was in front of her very eyes.


Hearsay could be wrong, but seeing was believing!


Cold, cruel, she could not doubt what she saw at all!


Plop.


She knelt on the ground, collapsing weakly.


Her shoulders moved up and down, she was sobbing. On her lively face, there was fear, terror, confusion, and helplessness.


Her hands were still covering her mouth, she was desperately covering it, as if this could protect her.
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1125: More Killing

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


Why did her ancestor kill Chen Wan Yun?


Chen Le could not understand, she could not imagine why.


She sobbed, her body shuddered, she suddenly thought of Chen Li Zhi. Did ancestor also go to find and kill him?


This was a simple inference.


No matter what, she had to find Chen Li Zhi and tell him about this!


At the crucial moment, Chen Le did not think of Hei Cheng, she thought of the Gu Immortals who were her most closely related family members.


Chen Le realized what she had to do, she stopped crying, standing up and activating her immortal killer move, concealing her appearance and running towards Chen Li Zhi’s palace.


But Fang Yuan did not go to Chen Li Zhi’s palace as Chen Le was thinking.


He did not discover Chen Le, and he had already killed Chen Li Zhi, thus, his final course of action was to go to Chen Le.


To find her and kill her!


A moment later, Chen Le arrived at Chen Li Zhi’s place.


“Why is there no one here?” Chen Le searched the palace, but did not find Chen Li Zhi.


Of course, she saw many mortals and Gu Masters.


But Chen Le did not alert them, even if she told them this shocking news, they might not believe her.


In the empty hall, fear and helplessness emerged again in Chen Le’s heart.


Ancestor Chen Chi had killed Chen Wan Yun, Chen Li Zhi was missing as well, he was likely to have met with disaster.


Chen Le could not help but cry again.


“What should I do? Oh, oh no! Young master Hei Cheng!” Chen Le finally thought of Fang Yuan at this time, she jolted back to focus.


She felt that at this moment, the most reliable person was Hei Cheng.


She turned around, towards Hei Cheng’s accommodation.


Almost at the same time, Fang Yuan arrived at Chen Le’s palace.


Nobody was here?


“Strange, where would she go at this time?” Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


The situation was changing beyond his expectations.


Fang Yuan raised his head and looked up at the sky of Hei Fan grotto-heaven, it was cloudless and azure in color.


Fang Yuan smiled at the sky, before going towards his own accommodation.


Where could Chen Le go?


There were only a few places.


Gu Immortals and mortals did not have many common topics of interest.


Returning to his accommodations, Fang Yuan turned into Hei Cheng, waiting for Chen Le to come.


At this time, a bright light was shot into the sky, it went up and spread out in all directions, it was bright and piercing to the eyes.


“Is this the thing Chen Le mentioned before... that warning of bright light, to ask the immortals to work together in defense?” Fang Yuan frowned instantly.


These days, he had been getting intel from Chen Le.


Among which, one of them was about the time when Gu Immortals first appeared in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, they struggled against desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts.


The first few generations of Gu Immortals joined forces to resist them. Normally, they would be in different parts of the grotto-heaven, but when one side was attacked, they would send out a signal during critical times, inviting Gu Immortals from other areas to help out, and paying them afterwards.


“As the number of Gu Immortals increased in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, they got stronger, and this warning of bright light has not been used for a hundred years. This time, it must have been sent out by Chen Le. Hehe, I underestimated this girl, she dealt with the situation well!” Fang Yuan smiled.


With his craftiness, he already deduced many things.


He had already killed three people, only Chen Le was left. And the warning method could only be used by Gu Immortals, it was clear that Chen Le had activated it.


Why did Chen Le activate this without meeting him?


Evidently, she had found out that one of the others had met with disaster.


No matter where she is hiding or what method she used, since she did not come to find him, that meant she was suspicious of him.


Then, the immortals were going to gather together now, how would Fang Yuan deal with them?


Actually, a moment ago.


Chen Le was about to find Hei Cheng, when she suddenly had a thought, even if she found young master Hei Cheng, what if he could not defeat her ancestor?


Chen Le did not know about Hei Cheng’s strength, but in her mind, she felt that Old Immortal Chen Chi had deep and immeasurable power. This was the result of Old Immortal Chen Chi’s authority that had been ingrained in her.


“I have to think of a perfect method!” Chen Le thus thought of the warning of bright light.


The alert of bright light soared into the sky, Chen Le’s mind slowly calmed down.


“Will ancestor come to find me after seeing this light?” Thinking of this, Chen Le started feeling scared again.


She gritted her teeth, she decided to go find Fang Yuan.


From start to finish, she did not suspect that Fang Yuan was the culprit!


When bright light soared to the sky, Gu Immortals in all the other areas reacted.


“What happened? At this timing, old man Chen Chi actually sent a warning signal and asked us to go help him?” In front of their cave, Feng Jun frowned upon seeing the light in the sky.


Zhou Min also had a look of suspicion: “This matter is quite peculiar. Old Immortal Chen Chi has a total of four immortals, they are the strongest force among us. Inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven, what kind of ancient desolate beast can make Chen Chi ask us for help?”


“You think this matter has to do with Hei Cheng?” Zheng Tuo pondered.


“Most likely.” Feng Jun nodded: “This warning of bright light has not been used for a hundred years, it is strange that it is activated at this time. Hei Cheng has already stayed at old man Chen Chi’s place for some days. They might have come to an agreement now, and are working together.”


“Old Immortal Chen Chi will definitely provide support if Hei Cheng is willing to give him enough benefits, it is not surprising.” Zheng Tuo thought over it: “No matter whether there really is an ancient desolate beast attack, or if Chen Chi is trying to scheme against us, we need to go and investigate the situation.”


“That’s right, we have practised blood light spirit suppression and are at the crucial moment. In a few days, we will be able to suppress the heavenly spirit and take the true inheritance forcefully. We need to stall for time now, but we need to be careful of what the other side is planning. We will give in to them for now, in a few days, Hei Fan grotto-heaven will belong to us!” Feng Jun snickered.


Immediately the three immortals moved out, towards Old Immortal Chen Chi’s palace.


At the same time, the two lone Gu Immortals also went there.


Hei Fan grotto-heaven was not small, but the Gu Immortals lived quite close to each other.


And because the three immortals used immortal killer moves, disregarding the immortal essence to travel.


In a moment, they were already halfway there.


At this time, a flying figure appeared in front of the three immortals.


“Its Chen Le!” Zhou Min was the first to recognize the person.


Chen Le was bathed in blood, she had a shocked expression, she seemed to be escaping for her life, the three immortals looked at each other.


Was there really an ancient desolate beast attack?


“Chen Le, slow down, we are here, what happened over there?” Zheng Tuo called out.


Chen Le saw these three immortals and was overjoyed with surprise: “Seniors! It is great to see you. That Hei Cheng is heinous, after failing to negotiate with our ancestor, he used a sneak attack and killed sister Wan Yun! I was the one who sent the warning, I escaped, but Hei Cheng is still chasing me, thankfully, I had my immortal killer move’s concealment, I managed to survive.”


“What!” The three immortals heard this and were deeply shocked.


“Hei Cheng is so daring?”


“He dared to attack Old Immortal Chen Chi, he is so vicious and ruthless, he is likely going to attack us as well.”


“Strange, he has to get Hei Fan’s true inheritance, without our support, how can he get it?”


“A life for a life is perfectly justified. We will have to take down Hei Cheng!”


“To play safe, we need to gather with the other Gu Immortals. Chen Le, don’t worry, we are family, we will definitely uphold justice for you!”


“Justice?” Chen Le smiled suddenly, attacking.


Under the three immortals’ shocked gazes, sword light flashed and stabbed into Zheng Tuo’s body.


Zheng Tuo was caught unawares, even though he had a mortal killer move defending him, dark assassination was an immortal killer move, with rank seven Immortal Gu Flying Sword as the core, it could not be stopped, it cut him into half on the spot!


Instantly, Zheng Tuo died!


“Brother!!” Zhou Min shouted.


Feng Jun was furious, he clapped his hands, intense winds assaulted Fang Yuan.


“Oh brother—!” Zhou Min cried out, watching the two halves of Zheng Tuo’s corpse fall to the ground, his organs and blood scattered in the air.


Feng Jun carried Zhou Min, dragging her as they retreated.


“Chen Le, are you crazy! You dared to kill my brother Zheng Tuo, I will fight it out with you!” Zhou Min growled, her beautiful face was flushed red: “I will kill you!”


“Kill me?” Chen Le stopped her movement, she scoffed as she looked at Zhou Min in disdain: “You?”


Zhou Min was furious, she struggled intensely, getting free from Feng Jun’s arms: “Brother, what are you doing! Let go of me, this lowly bitch killed our big brother! She killed him! I will pull out her skull and use it as an offering for our brother!!”


“Calm down, sister! Don’t fall for his provocations. How can this be Chen Le? Don’t you know Chen Le? Earlier, that was a sword path immortal killer move! This is not Chen Le!” Feng Jun shouted, looking at Chen Le, his eyes were bursting with fire, filled with hatred.


“It seems that someone here has some brains.” Chen Le smiled, her appearance changed suddenly, becoming that of Hei Cheng.


“You are indeed Hei Cheng!” Feng Jun’s body shook.


“Scoundrel!!!” Zhou Min scolded.


“From their expressions, it seems that they were not aware that I was the killer. Strange... Chen Le did not use any information path Gu worms to tell them?” Fang Yuan was confused.


He did not know that from start to finish, Chen Le did not suspect him.


After creating the warning, Chen Le ran off to his accommodations.


Fang Yuan returned to his room long ago, but after seeing the warning of bright light while waiting for Chen Le, he thought he was exposed. Thus, he adapted to the circumstances and went out to weaken the remaining immortals’ battle strength in Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


Since Chen Chi’s side had three immortals dead already, the next largest group were the three immortals who were sworn siblings.


Thus, Fang Yuan turned into Chen Le’s appearance, flying towards their cave.


In the end, he met the three immortals and used dark assassination to kill the most threatening of them, the blood path Gu Immortal Zheng Tuo.


Meanwhile, Chen Le went to Fang Yuan’s room, she could not find him, she felt disappointment and immense worry.


She did not know that out of sheer coincidence, she had narrowly escaped death.


“I did not put any hope in this disguised assassination attempt, but the process was unexpectedly smooth. The Gu Immortals inside this Hei Fan grotto-heaven are truly incomparable to Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals. After such a long period of peace, they have low vigilance. Anyway, I should kill these two first.”


Thoughts churned in his mind like fireworks, Fang Yuan thought of many things, but only a moment had passed in the outside world.


His lips curled up, he charged towards Feng Jun and Zhou Min.


To kill!
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1126: Verge of Death

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


“He actually charged over!” Feng Jun’s pupils shrunk, he was stunned by Fang Yuan’s courage.


Fang Yuan charged forward relentlessly, even though he was alone, his stance was overwhelming, it was as if he was clad in wind and lightning!


Killing intent surged, it was like a terrifying claw, slashing towards the veil of life and death.


The Gu Immortals in Hei Fan grotto-heaven would often spar with each other, but when would they ever be in a life and death situation against each other?


“Retreat!” At once, Feng Jun only had one word in his mind.


In contrast, Zhou Min was spewing with anger, she said excitedly: “Good! Scoundrel, get ready to die!!”


She was already beyond furious, she wanted to take revenge for her brother, she wanted to tear this scoundrel, Fang Yuan, into pieces, to pull out his tendons and snap his bones!


Feng Jun dragged along Zhou Min as they escaped, but Zhou Min had already activated her immortal killer move.


Her eyes were wide open as they stared, golden white light shot out of her eyes. The light was extremely sharp, as if it was made of blades and daggers.


Zhou Min was a light path Gu Immortal, she was nurtured by a Gu Immortal from a past generation, she had sight light Immortal Gu.


And she was currently activating her strongest move — Farsight Weapon Light!


“It is this move.” Fang Yuan saw Zhou Min’s actions and came to a realization, his charging speed increased instead!


In his mind, he recalled a scene from a few days ago.


“Young master Hei Cheng, why are you sighing?” Chen Le asked: “Do you not like this scenery?”


“Thanks for your concern, Miss Le Er. The scenery is beautiful, I am truly impressed. But I have the mission of inheriting Hei Fan’s true inheritance, I am very worried... As I recall, Zheng Tuo and the others are not easy to talk to...” Fang Yuan acted like he was troubled.


Chen Le frowned too: “Indeed... ancestor had said this before, those three Gu Immortals have their own ambitions, they are different from us.”


“Birds of a feather flock together, those three are ambitious people! Even if I obtain your support, I will still be short of obtaining the true inheritance. Do you think these three would find trouble with me on the pretext of sparring? Will they obstruct us?” Fang Yuan asked.


Chen Le smiled: “No need to worry, actually, if you know about them, those three immortals are not scary. For example, Gu Immortal Zhou Min has a killer move called farsight weapon light, it is very powerful. Once she uses it, her eyes will shoot out golden white light, it can cut down anything. But this move is quite peculiar, the farther the distance, the stronger it is. If you are very close to Zhou Min, then this move is drastically weakened. If you are right in front of her, even a mortal killer move can block farsight weapon light.”


A warm smile appeared on Fang Yuan’s face: “Oh? There is such an interesting move, I am truly enlightened. Le Er, what other interesting stories are there?”


Chen Le looked at Fang Yuan, seeing his handsome face looking right at her, emitting lots of affection, it was so intense as if the summer winds were drowning her in bliss.


Chen Le had a flushed expression, she quickly turned around, not daring to look at Fang Yuan directly.


Her face was completely red, she looked afar as she stammered: “Young, young master, if you want to know, I will tell you.”


Inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven, some of these Gu Immortals’ inheritances came from Old Ancestor Hei Fan, like the blood path one for example, it was a result of Hei Fan’s research. And some came from the criminal immortals, like Zhou Min’s light path inheritance, and Old Immortal Chen Chi’s rule path inheritance.


These proper Gu Immortal inheritances were all very comprehensive.


The details of large numbers of mortal Gu, a few Immortal Gu, and all sorts of Immortal Gu recipes and mortal Gu recipes, cultivation experiences and information about the outside world.


Some of these contents were sensitive, like treasure yellow heaven, they were all erased by Hei Fan.


However, some information regarding the other inheritances was retained.


The Hei tribe Gu Immortals were quite close together. For example, outsiders might not about about farsight weapon light, but how could they themselves not know?


Thus, this kind of information was all left inside their inheritances. As time passed, mortals went up Immortal Succession Mountain and inherited them. Gu Immortals appeared and passed away, during this process, there were all sorts of reasons, like fighting over benefits or personal conflicts, they fought against each other. The Gu Immortals’ methods were passed down over generations, everybody knew about their moves, these were no secrets.


Fang Yuan’s preparation was not only regarding the assassination plan, he also collected a lot of other information.


Farsight weapon light!


This was quite a troublesome immortal killer move.


Under normal circumstances, when seeing an unknown attacking method, Gu Immortals would choose to retreat and observe cautiously. Nobody would charge in without knowing the situation and place themselves in trouble.


According to Fang Yuan’s vigilant nature, there was a high likelihood of him doing so, unless the difference in their strengths was very big.


And that was exactly what Zhou Min wanted.


By the time Fang Yuan realized the effect of farsight weapon light, he might have already spent a lot of time, effort, immortal essence, or even gotten injured in the process.


When Gu Immortals battle, information often led to having an advantage!


Thus, under normal circumstances in the Gu Immortal world, they would keep their Immortal Gu secret, immortal killer moves were rarely used publicly. They would practise their moves in private. The Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture was also rarely shown to others. Because the environment inside revealed the secrets of the Gu Immortal’s dao marks. The resources inside were often food for Immortal Gu, all these could be used to deduce what Immortal Gu the Gu Immortal had.


Fang Yuan withstood the farsight weapon light, he charged forward with unparalleled vigor.


Of course, he was not rash.


His robe was previously stained with blood.


These blood stains were not eye-catching, but they were formed from an immortal killer move!


Blood path immortal killer move — Bloodstained Conqueror’s Robe!


During the period before the opening of treasure yellow heaven, Fang Yuan was unable to develop his immortal aperture, because Lang Ya Sect was suppressing him, he had a tough time. But he did not waste his time, he deduced this immortal killer move to make up for his weakness.


Fang Yuan had many weaknesses.


But he considered it deeply, his greatest weakness was in defense.


During the second earthly calamity, this flaw was evident. If he did not have Dang Hun Mountain as a base for defense, Fang Yuan would have likely died.


Compared to investigative and information path methods, Fang Yuan would rather play safe and settle his weakness in defense first.


Due to his wisdom path and blood path grandmaster attainment levels, as well as the immense blood path foundation built during his previous life, Fang Yuan did not have much difficulty in creating bloodstained conqueror’s robe.


At this moment, with blood asset Immortal Gu as the core, bloodstained conqueror’s robe was showcasing its capability in battle!


The effect was superb!


Fang Yuan charged towards the farsight weapon light, his body did not waver, he had no injuries at all, his immortal essence expenditure was also reducing.


“Like what Chen Le had said, the closer I get, the lower farsight weapon light’s power becomes, thus, even bloodstained conqueror’s robe’s immortal essence expenditure is falling.”


Fang Yuan made such a decisive and wise choice, in the blink of an eye, he was already very close to Zhou Min.


They were less than a hundred steps away!


“Die die die!” Zhou Min cried out continuously, the sharp light in her eyes continued to shoot out brightly.


She was overcome with anger, she was not a threat.


Feng Jun, who was calmer, felt huge fear as his hair stood on end!


Fang Yuan’s advancement made him feel an immense sense of danger.


The great shock made him use his most familiar defensive method subconsciously.


Immortal killer move — Luck Whirlwind!


Huge winds blew, Fang Yuan was pushed away by a mystical force.


Chen Le’s words reverberated in Fang Yuan’s mind: “Speaking of which, Gu Immortal Feng Jun is also quite strong. He is the only person who ascended Immortal Succession Mountain and successfully became a Gu Immortal. Such immortals are more formidable than us, who were nurtured by our seniors. Furthermore, Feng Jun cultivates the famous luck path...”


Luck path.


A Gu Immortal path with few members.


Luck path was created by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, even though it was famous, actual luck path Gu Immortals were few in number.


As the origin of luck path, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable left behind three true inheritances, self luck, all living being’s luck, and heaven and earth luck.


Self luck was in Lang Ya blessed land, it was given to Long Hair Ancestor as payment, among which, Dog Shit Luck ended up in Fang Yuan’s hands.


All living being’s luck was placed in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. A portion of it was given to the winner of the Imperial Court contest. Fang Yuan had once possessed connect luck Immortal Gu, it was part of all living being’s luck.


Feng Jun’s true inheritance had also originated from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


Back then, the Hei tribe Gu Master entered Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and fortunately obtained a portion of the true inheritance, he received qi luck Immortal Gu.


Thereafter, he cultivated to Gu Immortal level and passed it down for generations. The last generation had been punished after Hei Feng Yue’s disappearance and the loss of attitude Gu, thus this true inheritance was left in Immortal Succession Mountain.


Feng Jun obtained this true inheritance, he had qi luck Immortal Gu, the move he was most familiar with and had practised the most was luck whirlwind.


This move was very special.


When the target attacks, by using it, it could repel the target.


When the target retreats, if it is used, it could drag the target back to the user.


Once this move was used, intense winds would form, but that was only on the surface, the key was that formless force.


Fang Yuan could not see this formless force, he was hit by the move again and was sent away.


At once, their distance enlarged.


As if his hard work had been in vain.


But Fang Yuan smiled as his lips curled up, he thought to himself: “Luck whirlwind... the second time already.”


According to what Chen Le said, this move could not be used extensively, in one day, it could only be used a hundred times.


Just take it as a hundred, this might seem like a lot, but it was not!


Activating luck whirlwind was not as simple as it seemed on the surface.


The first issue was immortal essence, Feng Jun was a rank six Gu Immortal, he did not have a deep foundation, using this killer move would expend immortal essence, how long could Feng Jun last?


And immortal killer moves could not succeed with every use, each time Feng Jun failed, he would not only suffer a backlash, he would be unable to repel Fang Yuan, he would be able to get close and kill them.


Thus, it might seem like Fang Yuan could do nothing to Zhou Min and Feng Jun, but he actually had complete advantage in this situation.


Feng Jun and Zhou Min were walking on the side of a steep cliff, if they were careless, they would die without intact corpses.


“Die, go and die!!” Zhou Min was still furious, she stared at Fang Yuan as her eyes shot out white light.


“Retreat, we must retreat!” The calmer Feng Jun felt his mouth going dry, his heart was pounding as his body was covered in cold sweat.
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1127: Resolving the Situation by Killing!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


The two sides did not fight for very long, but Feng Jun already had the intention to retreat and escape.


Fang Yuan first assassinated the strongest rank seven blood path Gu Immortal Zheng Tuo, before charging forward and using the best tactic to gain the absolute advantage!


Feng Jun was not an idiot, even if he lacked battle experience, he knew that he was in great danger.


He wanted to retreat, it was a wise choice.


In Gu Immortal battles, they fought not only with strength but also with wits!


“Sister has lost it due to her emotions, Hei Cheng is a rank seven Gu Immortal, even if we cooperate, we cannot defeat him. We should join up with the other Gu Immortals, and with Old Immortal Chen Chi at the lead, encircle and kill him!”


Feng Jun thought of this and started to retreat.


He used his immortal killer move, his body moved like a cloud, bringing him and Zhou Min away towards the left.


“What are you doing? Brother, let me kill him, let me kill him!” Zhou Min screamed as she struggled in Feng Jun’s arms.


Feng Jun smiled bitterly, he increased the strength he was using on Zhou Min, he pacified her: “Don’t move, I am getting some distance to create a chance for your farsight weapon light!”


Zhou Min heard this and shuddered, she said excitedly: “Good idea!”


She concentrated, staring fixedly at Fang Yuan.


With greater distance, farsight weapon light became stronger, Fang Yuan’s defense would be under greater pressure.


Fang Yuan looked at the cloud below their feet, he smiled without concern.


He did not chase them, he charged down and landed on the ground, he picked up Zheng Tuo’s corpse which was split into two, putting both pieces into his immortal aperture.


“Evil thief! Let go of our brother’s corpse!” Zhou Min shouted, her lungs were exploding from anger.


Fang Yuan’s actions were truly vile. Not only did he kill Zheng Tuo, he did not even let his corpse off.


How could he let it off?


The dao marks of this rank seven blood path Gu Immortal were an immense boost to Fang Yuan’s foundation!


Looking at it, including Zheng Tuo, Fang Yuan had already killed four Gu Immortals, it was hard to annex the immortal aperture as it had strict conditions, but the gain in dao marks was immense.


“Ordinary Gu Immortals would only absorb the dao marks of an enemy of the same path due to the conflict between dao marks. Otherwise, they would get more trouble instead. However, my sovereign immortal body is different, the dao marks do not conflict, this is amazing! I can absorb the dao marks of any enemy I kill and increase my foundation. This seems to be the best way to increase my strength!”


At this moment, Fang Yuan had a new insight.


This sovereign immortal body was created from sovereign immortal fetus Gu, Spectral Soul wanted to revive using it.


If he really succeeded in reviving, the consequences were unthinkable!


Firstly, Spectral Soul had devoured so many souls in the door of life and death, he had countless cultivation experiences. Secondly, all of his paths were great grandmaster and above! Finally, he had the help of Shadow Sect’s remnant forces.


With this starting point, he could repeat what he did in his era, killing everyone and everything. He could annex the immortal apertures of Gu Immortals he killed or absorb the dao marks they had. His growth would be at an incredible speed, it would surpass one’s imagination!


Unlike Fang Yuan, who only had grandmaster attainment level in four paths, it was hard for him to annex immortal apertures, he could only absorb dao marks in most cases.


Fang Yuan placed Zheng Tuo’s corpse in his immortal aperture, Zhou Min looked at with this anger and hatred.


Feng Jun did not speak, he felt aggrieved, but also let out a sigh of relief.


“It seems that Hei Cheng does not have movement methods, or maybe he uses the upper extreme heavenly eagle normally. This immemorial desolate beast has yet to grow fully, it only has rank six battle strength, he did not let it out because he is afraid of farsight weapon light killing it?”


Feng Jun became less worried.


But at the next moment, his mouth opened wide, a shocked expression appeared on his face.


It turned out that Fang Yuan had activated Sword Escape, his body flew into the sky like a sword.


His speed was so fast, Feng Jun and Zhou Min were completely stunned from shock!


“How can he be this fast?” Zhou Min said.


“So this is his real speed!” Feng Jun’s heart was about to jump out, his movement method was simply outmatched!


In a few breaths of time, Fang Yuan got close to them again.


His icy killing intent almost froze Feng Jun’s heart.


Immortal killer move — Luck Whirlwind!


At the moment of crisis, he had to use his trump card again.


Like what happened earlier, Fang Yuan was sent away again.


“The third time, hehe.” Fang Yuan noted, he had been repelled three times, but he felt no dejection.


Zhou Min finally became sober-minded.


She was completely shocked by Fang Yuan’s speed, her forehead was full of sweat, her anger dwindled, and fear took over.


“Quickly leave! This person is too strong, let’s gather with the rest first!” Zhou Min yelled.


Feng Jun heard this and felt glad at her change of mindset.


With Zhou Min’s help, the two rose in speed, they rapidly escaped for their lives.


Fang Yuan chased after them, shooting out with bursts of speed at times.


But every time, Feng Jun’s luck whirlwind would ruin his attempt.


After chasing them for some time, two Gu Immortals appeared before them.


They were the two Gu Immortal lone cultivators, they usually lived together, one was called Jiang Ji, the other was Gao Mi.


“Hold on, we’re coming!”


The two immortals were flying too, they quickly joined up with Zhou Min and Feng Jun.


Fang Yuan observed their expressions, seeing that they were showing no shock, he knew that Feng Jun and Zhou Min had used a certain information path method to inform these two Gu Immortals along the way.


“Hei Cheng, you are simply too bold, you dare to cause harm to us inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven!”


“Today, you will undoubtedly die!”


Feng Jun and Zhou Min stopped escaping, they went ahead to fight Fang Yuan.


“Young master Hei Cheng, you killed sister Wan Yun?! Did you kill old ancestor as well?” A shrill voice suddenly resounded.


It was Chen Le.


After using the warning, Chen Le went to find Fang Yuan, but at that time, Fang Yuan had already left to find the three immortals including Zheng Tuo.


Chen Le could not find Fang Yuan, she was completely lost and helpless, she did not know what to do.


She did not dare to dispel her immortal killer move, she hid inside the palace for a while, before she received Feng Jun’s letter.


The letter stated that Fang Yuan disguised as Chen Le and used an immortal killer move to kill Gu Immortal Zheng Tuo, no matter how stupid Chen Le was, she realized instantly what the situation was.


She quickly went to Chen Chi’s place, but where could she find that old ancestor of hers?


Even though Feng Jun was escaping, he had already contacted the remaining immortals, Chen Le also decided to answer his call.


Thus, she appeared on the battlefield at this time.


“Oh, it’s you.” Fang Yuan looked at Chen Le, smiling cruelly: “You have finally gotten smarter. That’s right, be it Chen Chi, Chen Wan Yun, or Chen Li Zhi, even Zheng Tuo died in my hands. All of your rank seven Gu Immortals are dead now, the rest of you should surrender to me, after all, a wise person submits to circumstances.”


Chen Le’s expression turned pale, her body shook intensely.


Fang Yuan admitted it outright, this was a huge blow to her mental state.


“Why? Why did you do that for?!” Chen Le screamed in a sharp tone, tears were pouring out of her eyes: “Did we do anything wrong to you? Why must you do something so evil and cruel?!”


“Don’t be affected by him, Chen Le, let’s get into formation!” Zhou Min, who had regained her senses, shouted loudly.


With Fang Yuan in the center, a jade light ball suddenly appeared over a huge surrounding area.


This was a huge battle formation.


With Feng Jun, Zhou Min, Chen Le, and the other two immortals as the formation cores, they assembled an ancient battle formation!


“Hei Cheng, even if you are a rank seven Gu Immortal, you will die here today!”


“That’s right, we have already practiced this battle formation many times, we killed over a dozen desolate beasts and eight ancient desolate beasts.”


“You cannot escape from here! I will tear our your bones and tendons, and use them as offerings for the innocent souls of our comrades!”


Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s Gu Immortals shouted, their morale rose sharply.


Fang Yuan smiled lightly, his calm expression did not change at all.


He said slowly and calmly: “Oh, Green City battle formation? Hehehe, it is only a small portion of the ancient battle formation Green City Rampage, do you think I am unaware of it?”


The expressions of the immortals changed, a bad feeling was emerging in them.


Chen Le’s expression paled even further, at this moment, she felt utter regret and hatred, she could not live with herself!


Because she was the one who told Fang Yuan about this Green City battle formation.


The Gu Immortals in Hei Fan grotto-heaven had to practice a huge formation in every generation. It was the Green City battle formation, it was used to kill desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts, it had incredible strength.


“I have rank seven cultivation level, while you people are just rank six. Thus, I expected you to use this move. After getting into formation, you won’t be able to run, right? Hehehe, when this battle formation is breached, you will all face a backlash, even if you do not die, you will suffer heavy injuries...”


Fang Yuan said in a plain tone.


His tone was very calm, he did not speak loudly, but the immortals could hear him clearly for some reason.


The morale that was raised earlier instantly got cut in several piecees after hearing his words. Before fighting, these Gu Immortals already had wavering determination!


“Now, I will show all of you my true strength.”


Fang Yuan called out, his body shook and a loud sound was heard, the aura of Gu worms burst out from within him!


Immortal killer move — Myriad Self!


In an instant, tens of thousands of Fang Yuan phantoms appeared in the space inside the entire battle formation.


They were all strength path phantoms!


And Fang Yuan’s true body was hidden among them, acting as one of the phantoms.


The battle commenced at this moment.


From the start, they entered the climax of the battle.


Feng Jun, Zhou Min, and the other Gu Immortals used their respective methods, all sorts of immortal killer moves were unleashed, causing huge damage to the myriad self army.


Fang Yuan’s strength path phantoms did not have high defense, but no matter how many were destroyed in battle, more strength path phantoms emerged and replaced them.


Fang Yuan had made ample preparation before the battle.


Even if he did not continue to activate myriad self, he had already stored hundreds of thousands of myriad self phantoms inside his immortal aperture in advance.


He did not lack the immortal essence!


Fang Yuan had a huge storage of green grape immortal essence!


Feng Jun and the rest soon realized that they were in a tough spot.


Without using immortal killer moves, they could not defend against the myriad self army attacking the battle formation. But if they used immortal killer moves, even though they could kill countless phantoms, Fang Yuan would also replenish them, their immortal essence would be wasted.


In this battle of attrition in immortal essence, Fang Yuan completely had the upper hand! Do not forget about the advantage of strength path, that was the minimal consumption of immortal essence. Meanwhile, the advantage of enslavement path was in battles of attrition.


Myriad self killer move combined the effects of both paths, it could display the strengths of both paths at once!


Fang Yuan waited patiently among the myriad self army, observing attentively.


All sorts of information was gathered by him, he committed them to memory.


After fighting for several hours, the Gu Immortals of Hei Fan grotto-heaven were extremely tired, not only were they tired mentally, the immortal essence expenditure was also starting to put a toll on them.


The moment they exposed weakness, Fang Yuan’s true body appeared!


“Hahaha, Chen Le, I need to thank you, without your information, how could I have killed Chen Wan Yun and the others?” Fang Yuan laughed loudly.


Chen Le felt like lightning had struck her, the pain in her heart could not be described with words.


Using this opportunities, Fang Yuan went for the killing blow.


Flying sword Immortal Gu!


A flash of light pierced Chen Le’s defenses, killing her instantly.


Always pick out the weakest enemy first!


Fang Yuan struck at the crucial moment, immediately killing one immortal on the other side.


Chen Le died on the spot, Green City battle formation became unstable instantly, it started shaking.


The other Gu Immortals quickly tried to stabilize it, succeeding after some effort.


“Next, it is time for the rest of you to die.” Fang Yuan smiled sinisterly, he did not attack, instead, he went back into the myriad self army.


The remaining four Gu Immortals had pale expressions, a cold chill was emerging in their hearts.


They were the ones encircling Fang Yuan, but at this very moment, none of these four Gu Immortals felt any joy or excitement.


His victory was assured!


From the start, Fang Yuan had used the most appropriate battle tactics, establishing his current huge advantage.


He was very aware about the methods of these Gu Immortals, but they, on the other hand, did not know about his methods.


Originally, the other party had an advantage.


For example, Chen Le’s concealment method, Fang Yuan could do nothing against it.


It was a pity, because Fang Yuan schemed against them, Chen Le joined the battle and formed the Green City battle formation, she gave up her greatest advantage.


In the end, it was because Hei Fan grotto-heaven had been in peace for too long, these Gu Immortals did not lack Immortal Gu or resources, but they truly paled in terms of battle experience.


Even though they sparred during their interactions, the experience gained from fighting on the verge of death could not be gained from friendly battles.


A long while later.


Fang Yuan killed two more Gu Immortals, before breaking apart Green City battle formation.


Feng Jun and Zhou Min escaped in defeat again.


The two immortals had completely lost their courage against Fang Yuan, they did not dare to fight, they escaped towards Immortal Succession Mountain.


Along the way, Fang Yuan killed Zhou Min, as Feng Jun crashed onto the peak of Immortal Succession Mountain with his heavily injured body.


“Heavenly spirit, save me!” He screamed loudly.


This situation was quite ironic, earlier he was still plotting to suppress the heavenly spirit, but now, he had no choice but to seek help from it.


“It is not going to save you.” Inside the stone pavilion, Fang Yuan’s figure appeared in a flash.


He spoke in a calm tone, he had no injuries on his body, he was still so charming and handsome. It was as if the battle earlier did not occur at all.


Feng Jun saw Fang Yuan and shuddered in fear, he focused his attention on the brass bell heavenly spirit.


The brass bell heavenly spirit had no reaction.


Feng Jun had a look of despair.


“Why?” He muttered.


“Why!” At the next moment, he screamed again, seemingly questioning the heavenly spirit.


But the brass bell heavenly spirit continued to be unmoved.


“Because you are all descendants of criminal immortals. Before Old Ancestor Hei Fan died, he thought of this point when leaving behind his true inheritance. Therefore, he set up this final test. Only by obtaining half of the votes of the Gu Immortals inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven could I inherit it. Hehehe, but what if you descendants of the criminal immortals bear hatred to Hei tribe and refuse to let our main tribe’s member obtain the true inheritance, what if you cause problems for us intentionally, what will we do?” Fang Yuan extended his hand, lightly touching this stone tablet.


“Then it can only be to kill all of you. After killing you all, I will be the only person left. Then I would also have satisfied the conditions for clearing the final test of Hei Fan’s true inheritance.”


Fang Yuan spoke lightly, there was even a faint smile on his face.


Feng Jun plopped onto the ground, he had an expression of despair, he was sprawled weakly.


He raised his head and looked up at the sky.


The azure sky which he sought to escape for so long, at the moment before his death, now seemed so endearing to him.


But at the next moment, he heard Fang Yuan’s words: “Now, I will give you a chance. As long as you submit to me, and serve me wholeheartedly from now on, I will spare your life.”


“What, what did you say?” Feng Jun’s body shook, he showed an expression of disbelief.


Fang Yuan repeated his words again, before saying: “You are a smart person, you are not swayed by emotions, you are unlike Zhou Min and Chen Le. I appreciate that aspect of you. Hand over your Immortal Gu and the luck path true inheritance’s details, I will spare your life and give you a chance to live.”


Feng Jun blinked, he was moved.


“You are not lying to me?” He raised his head and looked at Fang Yuan, anticipation was hidden deep within his gaze.


“Why would I lie to you? Killing you is as easy as breathing to me. But don’t even think of bargaining with me now.” Fang Yuan’s expression changed: “You only have three breaths of time to consider it, will you die, or surrender everything to me and submit, before making an alliance agreement.”


“I surrender.” At the first breath of time, Feng Jun said without hesitation.


“These are all of the Gu worms that I have.” At the second breath of time, Feng Jun handed over everything.


Fang Yuan nodded, stretching out his hand and keeping them, with Feng Jun’s cooperation, he suppressed all of them!


“Please make the alliance agreement.” Feng Jun breathed in deeply, he was already mentally prepared for an extremely harsh alliance agreement.


Swoosh!


A bloody hole appeared in his forehead.


He had an expression of shock, he stared at Fang Yuan fixedly as he gradually fell onto the ground.


The third breath of time had just passed.
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1128: Hei Fan’s Four Treasures (1/2)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


Fang Yuan gathered Feng Jun’s corpse.


Together with the Gu Immortal corpses that he had collected earlier, Fang Yuan had a total of nine! And he also had nine corresponding Gu Immortal souls.


“Such gains are truly rare. For Gu Immortals in the outside world, even if they die, they may self-detonate. Among the Gu Immortals in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, only Feng Jun has some brains. This person was able to give in when needed, unfortunately, after I gained the upper hand, the situation was firmly within my grasp, he could not do anything. His eventual surrender was out of desperation, too bad for him, his enemy was me.”


Fang Yuan sighed as he set aside these thoughts.


He had won.


It was time for the rewards!


He turned around, entering the stone pavilion, he raised his head and looked at the brass bell heavenly spirit on the pillar, he said: “Right now, I am the only Gu Immortal inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven, I vote for myself to inherit Hei Fan’s true inheritance.”


The brass bell heavenly spirit was silent for a moment before shaking, emitting a loud bell sound.


Next, the stone pillars in the pavilion radiated with pure white light.


The white light was not painful to look at, it was very gentle.


As the bright light shone, the stone tablet became more transparent, it turned into a wall of light.


Inside the wall of light, there were several shadowy figures.


And on the surface of the wall, there were several lines of words.


Fang Yuan looked, the words were: the indistinct figures in the stone tablet are the contents of the true inheritance. The inheritor just needs to retrieve them by putting their hands in.


The final line was an instruction by Hei Fan — Descendant of Hei tribe, inheritor of the inheritance, may you achieve great things in life, do not let down the reputation of Hei tribe!


Fang Yuan looked at it and sighed.


Old Ancestor Hei Fan had put in immense effort in setting up this true inheritance, he thought of every aspect.


But a dead person was like an extinguished candle, even a legendary figure like himself could not predict everything in the future.


The incredibly strong Hei tribe had been wiped out, and Hei Fan’s true inheritance was taken by an outsider like Fang Yuan.


The world had changed, times were different. New forces prosper while old forces vanish, this was the changing of eras.


Fang Yuan settled his mood, he started acting according to the description on the wall.


He stretched out his left hand, to enter the wall of light.


The white light became brighter, as it shone on his left hand, Fang Yuan’s left arm became transparent as well.


Fang Yuan could see his skin, bones, flesh, and even his blood flowing in his vessels.


A small obstruction could be felt ahead.


Fang Yuan’s left hand touched the wall of light, it was as if he was touching an icy wall.


At the same time, he noticed: the white light shone on his blood and caused a reaction. His blood moved more quickly, the color also turned from bright red to dark red, before returning back to normal.


Next, the wall in front of his left hand became soft like water. Fang Yuan’s left hand easily got through the stone tablet like he was going into water.


Fang Yuan however, felt a chill in his heart, he thought: “So close! This light wall is a test towards my blood. Thankfully, I made ample preparations, I integrated blood asset Immortal Gu into familiar face and modified the killer move to disguise my blood as well. Otherwise, my efforts would have been in vain! This Hei Fan is so hard to deal with.”


Fang Yuan regained his cool, he started to assess this wall of light.


From the outside, he could see that there were four shadows in the wall, they were uneven in placement.


The largest shadow was like a ball, it was the size of a basin and was at the most central area of the wall.


On the upper right corner, there was a sharp shadow, it resembled a rock.


On the left side, there was also a shadow, it looked like intertwined threads.


There was also one spot at the bottom, this shadow was the smallest, like a finger.


Fang Yuan had worked so hard to obtain the famous Hei Fan’s true inheritance, but the contents seemed to be quite minimal.


Because of where he was standing, Fang Yuan’s left hand went to the left of the wall of light, he grabbed towards the shadow closest to him.


He held onto this thread-like shadow.


The shadow had a rough feeling, Fang Yuan felt like he was touching an old tree branch.


Next, Fang Yuan stretched out his hand and pulled out the mysterious shadow.


Once out of the wall, the aura was exposed.


Evidently, these were Gu worms.


These Gu worms were coiled together, they had similar appearance, they were like ginseng roots, or tree roots.


They were not Immortal Gu.


They were just mortal Gu.


But even so, Fang Yuan’s eyes shined, his breathing became rougher at once!


Mortal and Immortal Gu were vastly different.


Immortal Gu were unique. Mortal Gu could not compare to Immortal Gu, but there was a huge exception to this rule.


That was lifespan Gu!


That’s right, Fang Yuan pulled out a batch of lifespan Gu.


This was expected, yet unexpected.


Earlier, when Old Immortal Chen Chi had asked Fang Yuan for benefits, he mentioned lifespan Gu. Thus, Fang Yuan was mentally prepared for it. But to think there was so many.


“This is indeed a lot of lifespan Gu!”


Fang Yuan began to refine the lifespan Gu.


Mortal Gu could be refined using primeval essence.


Even though the lifespan Gu was not his, Fang Yuan had passed the test, he was the acknowledged inheritor.


As the white light shone, Fang Yuan quickly refined these lifespan Gu successfully.


He found out: “These lifespan Gu grants seven hundred and twenty years of lifespan in total!”


Immense gains!


Old Immortal Chen Chi had thought there would be at least three hundred years worth of lifespan Gu, but Fang Yuan could tell now that he had underestimated it.


Hei Fan grotto-heaven had over twice that amount of years worth of lifespan Gu!


“These lifespan Gu have great value.”


“I can use them for myself, who in this world would complain about having longer lifespan?”


“But I still have about eighty years to live, my lifespan is sufficient. Even if I do not use these lifespan Gu, I can use them for transactions.”


In transactions between Gu Immortals, immortal essence stones were just basic currency. Lifespan Gu had much greater value than immortal essence stones. No Gu Immortal would not want lifespan Gu! In many high end transactions, immortal essence stones were unusable, Gu Immortals only wanted lifespan Gu.


Lifespan Gu was an absolute hard currency out there!


After a long time of consideration, the lifespan Gu were all refined, becoming Fang Yuan’s property.


Fang Yuan placed the handful of lifespan Gu in his sovereign immortal aperture, keeping them securely.


He was not planning to use these lifespan Gu yet.


“Actually, it had been a long time since Hei Fan grotto-heaven was created. It is not strange that so many lifespan Gu were accumulated.”


“When can my sovereign immortal aperture produce lifespan Gu as well?”


Fang Yuan was rather fascinated by the prospect.


But he knew that he was far from this goal at this point.


Even though he was earning a lot of profits each month, those were his prior accumulations as an immortal zombie. His immortal aperture’s development was still in the basic stage. Only when he gathers enough production in resources to sustain the feeding of all his Immortal Gu could those initial developments be considered complete.


Fang Yuan suddenly thought of Lang Ya blessed land.


“Compared to Lang Ya blessed land, Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s existence is very short. Long Hair Ancestor was a person from three hundred thousand years ago, a legendary figure of the Medieval Antiquity Era!”


“Hei Fan grotto-heaven has about seven hundred years of lifespan Gu. Then how many years does Lang Ya blessed land have?”


Thinking about this, Fang Yuan’s eyes shined.


“Lang Ya blessed land definitely has much more lifespan Gu. No wonder Lang Ya land spirit can use up some to feed wisdom Gu!”


Fang Yuan could understand Heavenly Court’s actions at once.


In the five hundred years of his previous life, Heavenly Court attacked Lang Ya blessed land, even though they sacrificed Feng Jiu Ge, they went ahead without balking.


Lifespan Gu was likely one of the main reasons.


Thinking about it, the geezers in Heavenly Court were lacking lifespan, they could only sustain their lives through sleeping. It was easy to see how much attraction lifespan Gu had towards them!


Fang Yuan’s gaze returned to the center of the wall.


This shadow was the largest.


“It is at the center, is this a hint that this is the most precious treasure inside Hei Fan’s true inheritance” Fang Yuan’s heart jumped.


He stretched out his left hand towards the wall of light, soon, he touched that shadow.


It had an icy feeling, but the shadow was not smooth on the surface, it had many protrusions and holes, it was like a handful of sesame.


Fang Yuan tried to move it.


Very heavy!


Normal human strength could not carry it.


Fang Yuan activated his strength path mortal Gu, after gaining strength, he took it out with one hand.


After seeing this lump of shadow, Fang Yuan had a surprised look on his face.


This was not one entity, it was the combination of countless bodies.


It was a ball of ants.


Black ants, all gathered to fill the size of a basin, that were extremely heavy. Countless black ants were collected in a ball shape, they were extremely compacted and tight.


These ants were not ordinary ants, they were mortal Gu.


The previous item being mortal Gu was fine, because it was lifespan Gu, it had greater value than Immortal Gu from many Gu Immortals’ perspectives.


But this was also mortal Gu?


Fang Yuan felt perplexed and a bit confused.


Based on his knowledge, he could not recognize what this Gu worm was.


But forget that, Fang Yuan felt that since it was part of Hei Fan’s true inheritance, even as a mortal Gu, it could not be bad.


Thus, he began to refine it.


Mortal Gu could be refined using primeval essence, Fang Yuan was a Gu Immortal, he had unlimited primeval essence.


Layers of black ants were refined by him, becoming his property.


Under Fang Yuan’s manipulation, the ants split apart, revealing the center of the ball.


“Oh?” Fang Yuan’s expression changed, his gaze became sharp, because he felt the aura of Immortal Gu.


Actually, at the center of this ball of ants, there was something good! An Immortal Gu!


Ordinary ant mortal Gu were finally completely refined, they landed on the ground, there was only one Gu left in Fang Yuan’s hands.


Immortal Gu!


Compared to the other black ant mortal Gu, it was many times larger. It had the form of an ant, it had feelers, small legs, a large abdomen, it looked very chubby.


“Is this the queen of the ant group?” Fang Yuan guessed randomly.


This Immortal Gu had a strong aura, it was at a high level, it was a rank seven Immortal Gu.


As for what it was, Fang Yuan did not know.


He could not recognize it.


But whatever, he was going to refine it first.
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1129: Hei Fan’s Four Treasure (2/2)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


Refining Immortal Gu could not be done with primeval essence, he needed immortal essence.


At this time, Fang Yuan took a look at the brass bell heavenly spirit, thinking about it, he directly used his green grape immortal essence to refine this Gu.


The brass bell heavenly spirit had no reaction, on the surface, Fang Yuan could not tell what mentality it had. It was just a bell after all, it had no expressions.


The refinement process was very smooth, the rank seven Immortal Gu resembling an ant queen did not resist, it cooperated with him.


But it was still a rank seven Gu, Fang Yuan’s green grape immortal essence was greatly expended.


“Now, my stockpile of green grape immortal essence has dropped again.” Fang Yuan reminded himself.


In this trip to obtain Hei Fan’s true inheritance, he had consumed a lot of green grape immortal essence. His expenditure was mostly in battle, after all, other than myriad self, Sword Escape and flying sword Immortal Gu were rank seven, his sword path killer moves used rank seven Immortal Gu as the cores.


Even though the battles were not intense, his green grape immortal essence consumption was huge.


“After going back, I need to stock up on immortal essence, otherwise, I can’t feel safe.”


A moment later, Fang Yuan refined this rank seven Immortal Gu and kept it in his immortal aperture.


There were only two shadows left in the wall of light.


The shadow at the bottom had the smallest size, Fang Yuan left it to the end.


He stretched his hand in and grabbed the shadow at the top right corner.


This shadow was like a rock, but when Fang Yuan touched it for the first time, it reacted.


This shadow was very cold.


Fang Yuan took it out, it was indeed a piece of ice.


The upper portion of the ice was sealing a Gu worm.


Naturally, Fang Yuan’s attention was drawn to it.


Even though it was sealed in ice without any aura leaking.


But Fang Yuan’s eyes shone, he could recognize this was an Immortal Gu — “Year”.


Year Gu!


It was like a ladybug, thumb size and black in color, there were golden markings on its shell.


The golden markings were bright and shining, they showed images of a fierce beast growling, the sharp and menacing teeth left a deep impression. As for what beast it was, it was unclear.


“Oh, year Gu...” Fang Yuan sighed.


This was a famous Gu among time path Immortal Gu.


Fang Yuan had a deep impression towards it.


Because it was very unique.


When Gu Immortals expend immortal materials, they could parallel refine a year Gu continuously.


Normal refinement and reverse refinement were mainstream in refinement path, parallel refinement was very rare.


Gu worms that could be parallel refined were very rare.


Year Gu was one of them.


Mortal level year Gu were less than ten years. There was one year Gu, two year Gu, five year Gu, and others.


When the year Gu rises to rank six, it would become an Immortal Gu, unique in the world. Rank six year Gu were at least ten years.


A ten year immortal level year Gu could be parallel refined using immortal materials, to make it twenty year Gu, thirty-eight year Gu, or at its highest, ninety-nine year Gu.


Hundred year Gu was rank seven, to refine a ten year Gu to hundred year Gu, it was not parallel refinement but normal refinement to increase rank instead.


Refinement in this case was tens to hundreds of times as difficult as parallel refinement, with equally low success rate.


Thousand year Gu was rank eight, in theory, ten thousand year Gu would be rank nine. but in history, there had never been a ten thousand year Gu.


But rank eight thousand year Gu had existed before.


The use of year Gu was very unique.


Corresponding to the usage by the Gu Immortal, the number of years would fall continuously. For example, a fifty year Gu might become a twenty year Gu after one use.


There was a specification when using year Gu, that it should not go overboard. For example, if a thousand year Gu is used and becomes nine hundred year Gu, it would fall from rank eight to rank seven. To increase its rank again through refinement, it would be troublesome and risky.


Strictly speaking, year Gu was a consumable Immortal Gu.


But it was not a one time consumable Gu like sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


It could be expended but replenished again.


This was a very special case among Gu worms.


“So Hei Fan had the Immortal Gu ‘Year’ in his possession. One good thing about year Gu is that it has no issues in terms of food. It has the same food as Spring Autumn Cicada, they both consume the water of the River of Time. However, how can I refine it?” Fang Yuan was unsure.


The year Gu in front of him was sealed by almost transparent ice.


Fang Yuan looked at this ice, he felt that this ice was quite special too.


Its effect was similar to fossilization or amber, it sealed the year Immortal Gu inside ice, so that it hibernated without leaking its aura.


“Why, why did Hei Fan seal year Gu? Wait, this is?” While observing, Fang Yuan had a new discovery.


He realized that there was some flowing water sealed at the bottom of the ice.


“This is water?”


Fang Yuan shook it, he could clearly see that there was water flowing, he could even hear a soft sound.


Water was sealed in ice, it was really quite strange.


Fang Yuan’s attention had been drawn to year Gu earlier. In comparison, the flowing water was not eye-catching.


At this moment, when Fang Yuan inspected it again, he realized: this ice was huge, year Gu only occupied a small portion, the flowing water took more than half of the space below. It gave a feeling that the ice was not sealing year Gu, but the water instead!


“To be given such treatment, is this flowing water a rank nine immortal material that surpasses rank eight?” Fang Yuan had a bold guess.


Rank nine immortal material, it could be used to refine rank nine Immortal Gu!


In this world, they were rare, having immense value.


A portion of rank nine immortal material being sealed like this was understandable.


Fang Yuan could not find a way to remove the ice, he could only set it aside, he held it with his right hand as his left hand entered the wall of light again.


This time, he went to the final shadow.


Taking it out, it was a rank five information path mortal Gu.


The details recorded inside were about Hei Fan’s true inheritance, it had immense value!


Firstly, the introduction to the Gu worms.


Fang Yuan took his first glance and saw the information about the ant ball.


“So the rank seven Immortal Gu at the center of the ant ball is the time path Immortal Gu, After!” [1. After sounds the same as ant queen if you read it in Chinese.]


Rank seven after Immortal Gu.


The recorded information noted the specifications of feeding after Immortal Gu.


The feeding of after Immortal Gu was quite unique.


This Immortal Gu could eat anything.


The feeding style was very unique too.


It produced black ant mortal Gu on its own, it sent them out to feed on all sorts of immortal materials before using these nutrients on itself.


“Any sort of immortal material can feed after Immortal Gu. The point is not about the immortal materials, but in preserving these black ant mortal Gu.”


These black ant mortal Gu were tough and could devour immortal materials, digesting them and retaining the nutrients.


But they were just mortal Gu.


Once too many of them were destroyed, the Immortal Gu, After, would starve. Even though the Immortal Gu could produce black ant mortal Gu, it could only produce one every month. If there were too few black ant mortal Gu, and after Immortal Gu could not be fed, it would die of hunger.


After all, this Immortal Gu, After, could not feed itself.


Fang Yuan felt enlightened, he continued reading, about the information on the ice.


The ice itself was a newly created type of rank eight immortal material, it was created by Immortal Bing Ren. The latter was invited by Hei Fan and went ahead to seal his two Immortal Gu.


One Immortal Gu was year Gu, it was only rank six. Fang Yuan had recognized it already.


The other Immortal Gu was the flowing water.


This was the greatest treasure within Hei Fan’s true inheritance!


It was named Years Flow Like Water, it was rank eight!


Rank eight time path Immortal Gu, Years Flow Like Water.


Rank eight Gu Immortals were rare, rank eight Immortal Gu were rarer, and had very great value. Many rank eight Gu Immortals did not even have a single rank eight Immortal Gu, they could not find one even after endless searching.


Hei Fan was a legendary character, the formidable champion who led Hei tribe to a domineering state, but in his life, he only had one rank eight Immortal Gu — Years Flow Like Water.


Fang Yuan’s situation was quite special.


As of now, he was a rank six Gu Immortal, but he already had three rank eight Immortal Gu.


One was attitude Gu, one was wisdom sword Gu, and now the third was Years Flow Like Water.


Ordinary Gu Immortals usually had a lack of Immortal Gu. Fang Yuan’s problem instead was that he had too many, and could not use them all optimally. Looking at some of his Immortal Gu like Wisdom Sword, he had not even started to use them yet.


This rank eight Immortal Gu, Years Flow Like Water, had one effect, that was to produce year Gu.


The more immortal essence expended by the Gu Immortal, the more year Gu produced, they could even produce immortal level year Gu.


Of course, the rule of Immortal Gu being unique still holds!


Right now, this rank six year Gu was around, unless Fang Yuan used and expended it, he could not create an immortal level year Gu from Years Flow Like Water.


If year Immortal Gu still existed, no matter how much immortal essence Fang Yuan used, he could only get mortal year Gu.


Fang Yuan continued to read.


Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water had two good points.


One was that it had a low usage requirement, even rank six Gu Immortals could use it. As long as they used green grape immortal essence, they would receive year Gu, even though the quantity was less than when using rank seven or eight immortal essence.


The second point was that Years Flow Like Water was easy to feed. It also fed on the water of the River of Time, just like year Gu and Spring Autumn Cicada.


This solved Fang Yuan’s greatest problem.


The feeding of rank eight Immortal Gu was a huge burden!


However, Years Flow Like Water had a flaw.


This was clearly listed in the information path Gu worm.


Once the seal of Years Flow Like Water was removed, its Immortal Gu aura would leak, year beasts would be lured towards it and would attack.


Year beasts, a type of special fierce beast that were rare even in the five regions and nine heavens, yet commonly seen in the River of Time. In terms of battle strength, there were desolate beast, ancient desolate beast, and immemorial desolate beast level year beasts.


The food of year beasts was year Gu.


The River of Time was the paradise of time path Gu worms, there were a vast number of wild time path Gu worms in it.


Year beasts were one of them, they ate year Gu as food.


The higher the rank of the year Gu, the more year beasts would be attracted to hunt them.


In fact, immortal level year Gu could also lure year beasts to attack. Even placing the immortal level year Gu inside the immortal aperture would not work.


Because in ordinary immortal apertures, there was a tributary of the River of Time. When year beasts smell the year Gu, they would travel into the tributary from the River of Time, and directly appear in the immortal aperture.


Immortal level year Gu had a huge attraction to the year beasts, Years Flow Like Water, which could endlessly produce year Gu, had hundreds or thousands of times as much attraction as immortal level year Gu for the year beasts!


Precisely because of this, when Hei Fan set up the true inheritance, he sealed year Gu and Years Flow Like Water, not exposing a trace of their auras.


At this point, Fang Yuan had completely understood what Gu worms he had obtained.


Next were the following important details.


Or more accurately, the immortal killer moves!
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1130: Usage of Hei Fan’s Gu

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


The introductions of countless immortal killer moves were displayed before Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan restrained his excitement, he inspected carefully.


There were immortal killer moves that encompassed offense, defense, movement, healing, and other aspects.


These were all time path immortal killer moves, the cores used were mostly year Gu and after Gu. Few of the immortal killer moves used the Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water as a core. Using a rank eight Immortal Gu as a core of an immortal killer move would naturally produce incredible effects.


In this regard, Fang Yuan had personal experience.


He had familiar face, it was a legendary method that used the rank eight attitude Gu as the core.


Of course, with Fang Yuan’s rank six cultivation level, his green grape immortal essence could not activate Years Flow Like Water. It was unlike attitude Gu, which only needed mental energy to use.


“Attitude Gu is the legendary Immortal Gu recorded in <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>, in terms of ease of use, Years Flow Like Water cannot compare to it. However, thinking about it, didn’t Hei Fan give attitude Gu away to Hei Feng Yue...”


These immortal killer moves were truly eye-opening to Fang Yuan.


Many theories were involved, the coordination of Gu worms was stated clearly, he only took a look, but he felt that he had already benefited greatly from the knowledge gained.


There were more than thirty immortal killer moves, some of the immortal killer moves were split between rank six, seven, and eight levels, in some of their descriptions, Hei Fan had also left behind his insight and experiences when creating and using them in the past.


“Bountiful year?” Fang Yuan’s gaze was fixed.


He discovered a rather interesting immortal killer move.


Bountiful year.


This was the name of an immortal killer move.


The core Immortal Gu used was immortal level year Gu.


There were tens of thousands of supplementary mortal Gu. It was a tough process to activate the move, Hei Fan had left behind his experience in using it. Even for a legendary figure like him, when using this immortal killer move himself, he would need two or three days of preparation to execute it!


The expenditure of immortal essence was huge, but bountiful year’s effect was that for the next year, starting right from the moment of successful activation of the killer move, all of the resources inside the immortal aperture would be produced at a higher rate!


This was an immortal killer move used to develop the immortal aperture.


It was a very rare move, but it had great use and value. Hei Fan also praised this immortal killer move greatly.


According to the description, he was not the creator of this immortal killer move, he had exchanged for it with a person called Pill Immortal.


Fang Yuan took a closer look, bountiful year needed to use many mortal Gu, if he wanted to prepare for it, he would need to buy them from treasure yellow heaven.


He was definitely going to use this killer move.


But not only did he need a lot of immortal essence, there was a lot of expenditure in terms of year Gu as well.


“The year Gu that I have is only a little over the hundred year level. I need to parallel refine it until I can use bountiful year. Otherwise, if it falls to to the level of a mortal Gu, that would be a severe loss.”


Fang Yuan continued to read.


Among these killer moves, some had incredible power, some were extremely wondrous, but to Fang Yuan, they were not especially important.


Fang Yuan had never forgotten about his true goal all along.


That was to find a method to delay the calamities and tribulations in his immortal aperture.


“Days pass like years!” His eyes flashed, he saw his target.


This immortal killer move also used immortal level year Gu as the core, with a huge number of supplementary day Gu. Once used, it could slow down the time in the immortal aperture.


Simply from the name itself, the effect was that one day in the immortal aperture would be extended to the length of a year.


However, Hei Fan had noted with great caution: extending one day into the equivalent of a year was purely theoretical. The actual effect varied greatly based on circumstances.


For example, a strength path Gu Immortal with primarily strength path dao marks would receive much lower effect when using this time path killer move.


If a time path Gu Immortal used it on themselves, like Hei Fan, the effect would be amplified by the Gu Immortal’s time path dao marks, the effect would be much better.


And also, using the same killer move on a low grade blessed land and a high grade blessed land would produce different results.


“Months pass like years.”


Fang Yuan continued to read, there was another immortal killer move that was very similar to days pass like years.


It could also slow the rate of time in the immortal aperture, it could turn what would be one month in the immortal aperture into the duration of a year. The core Gu was still immortal level year Gu, but the supplementary Gu were month Gu now.


Day Gu, month Gu, year Gu.


These were all time path Gu worms that were closely related.


Other than days pass like years and months pass like years, there were also two other immortal killer moves, they were called years pass like months and years pass like days.


The former two were used to slow the time in the immortal aperture, the latter two were used to accelerate the time in the immortal aperture.


Slowing the rate of time in the immortal aperture meant that the calamities and tribulations would be further apart. For example in Fang Yuan’s case, he had to undergo tribulation every two months in the outside world’s time. After using days pass like years, he would only need to undergo the next tribulation in decades or even a century.


Seeing this, Fang Yuan finally let out a sigh of relief.


He felt great joy.


In the first three earthly calamities, he was almost forced to his wits’ end, he could only brace himself as he challenged them.


But now he had this immortal killer move, the situation had changed!


From now on, Fang Yuan could decide when to undergo tribulation, he could either delay or hasten it, there was a huge advantage in this.


“But right now, I do not need to slow the time in the immortal aperture. I should undergo tribulations, increasing my dao marks and raising my cultivation level. With Chu Du helping me, there is a high chance of passing.” Fang Yuan thought.


Once he slowed the immortal aperture’s time, there were flaws.


His resource would grow more slowly, Fang Yuan’s cultivation level would also rise more slowly.


“Now, I should prepare these Gu worms, the Immortal Gu are already here, but I need a huge quantity of day Gu and month Gu. Even if I buy them inside treasure yellow heaven, I will need to spend a long time collecting them.”


Hei Fan’s true inheritance did not leave behind any day Gu, month Gu, and mortal year Gu, Fang Yuan had to purchase these mortal Gu himself.


Even though this task had its difficulties, as long as Fang Yuan was determined, he could achieve it.


“These four immortal killer moves form a set, they are specially used to alter the rate of time in the immortal aperture. Hei Fan, who created these killer moves, had incredible talent.”


At the end, Hei Fan even noted: If the inheritor could obtain immortal level day Gu or month Gu, these four immortal killer moves would not need to consume so many mortal day Gu and month Gu, the effect would even rise greatly.


“I was already extremely fortunate to have obtained immortal level year Gu. As for immortal level day Gu and month Gu, I can forget about it.” Fang Yuan was clear of the situation.


His goal in this trip had been fulfilled, Fang Yuan was satisfied with it.


He continued to look.


Immortal killer move — Years Grant Strength!


Soon, Fang Yuan saw a very interesting killer move.


This killer move used year Gu as the core, it could grant the Gu Immortal immense physical strength. The more year Gu expended, the greater the strength obtained.


This was Hei Fan’s own creation, he used time path Gu worms to achieve a strength path effect.


Immortal killer move — Hundred Years Harmony!


It also used year Gu as the core, with a large number of supplementary information path mortal Gu, to create an alliance agreement that could last for a hundred years.


This was a use of time path Gu worms to unleash the might of information path.


“I can use this with Chu Du, after all, our current alliance agreement was solely handled by him, it is not reliable.” Fang Yuan rapidly had an idea.


Immortal killer move — Unlucky Year.


This was an immortal killer move that used Years Flow Like Water as the core. Fang Yuan could not use it now, he could only look on in captivation.


Using time path to achieve the mystical effect of luck path.


This was an offensive killer move, once the enemy was hit, they would experience a huge fall in luck for a year, nothing they do would go smoothly.


“As expected of Hei Fan, an expert even among rank eight Gu Immortals!”


“If he was born in the Central Continent ten great ancient sects, he would definitely be invited into Heavenly Court, he would be an elite among Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals.”


To be able to use one’s own path to mimic other paths and achieve their mystical effects, this was the symbol of a rank eight expert. Ordinary rank eight Gu Immortals could not reach this stage.


Hei Fan’s strength was similar to Heavenly Court’s Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord.


Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was a rank eight Gu Immortal cultivating wisdom path. But when Bo Qing awakened, and his sword lights were sent out over Central Continent, in order to fix Heaven Overseeing Tower, he actually used wisdom path methods. And the effect was even better than ordinary refinement path methods.


This was using wisdom path to achieve the effects of refinement path.


“Oh, endless trouble? What move is this?”


Towards the end, Fang Yuan saw an immortal killer move.


Its core was after Immortal Gu, once the Gu Immortal activated it, they could delay the current calamity or tribulation to the time of the next one, and face them together.


Fang Yuan’s heart jumped.


There was Hei Fan’s advice left inside the description of this killer move.


This killer move could not be used excessively, even though the calamity or tribulation would be delayed until the next one, it would anger heaven’s will, the following calamities or tribulations would increase greatly in strength.


This immortal killer move was created by Hei Fan, but he only used it once and never again.


To warn his descendants, Hei Fan intentionally gave a name like ‘Endless Trouble’.


“I can only use it in emergencies, it is not a standard method, but it is definitely something very useful.” Fang Yuan was surprised and joyful to have obtained this.


Anger heaven’s will?


He could not care less.


Heaven’s will was bent on killing him anyway. Fang Yuan’s existence was the biggest cause of heaven’s will’s anger to begin with.


After spending some time, Fang Yuan finally finished reading the contents of the immortal killer moves.


It was very comprehensive, there were even details about the development of an immortal aperture. In fact, there were even details about the mimicking of other paths’ effects.


Even though Hei Fan’s true inheritance only had these few Immortal Gu.


But by cooperating with mortal Gu and forming countless immortal killer moves, the Gu Immortal could deal with any situation that arises.


This was the norm in the cultivation world.


Even though Hei Fan was strong, he was not even of one of the ten extreme physiques. Thus, he raised very few Gu worms, they were all time path Gu worms, he could support them.


The number of Gu worms was not crucial, the Gu Immortal who uses them was most important.


Hei Fan was the best example.


Even though he only had three Immortal Gu, his use of Gu could unleash incredible effects.


There was no strongest Immortal Gu, only strongest Gu Immortal. This was what the sentence was referring to.
