Chapter 1031: Flawless

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


Hei Lou Lan was startled and furious.


Ying Wu Xie’s sudden declaration made her situation very passive.


Even though Hei Lou Lan did not know that Ying Wu Xie was one of Spectral Soul’s split souls, she had experienced the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, she was aware that Ying Wu Xie, Shadow Sect, and Spectral Soul were on the same side.


In the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Hei Lou Lan’s aunts, Blazing Heaven Demoness and Fairy Li Shan, had died one after the other.


These two people were the only two remaining family members that Hei Lou Lan cared about.


As Shadow Sect was the culprit for killing Blazing Heaven Demoness and Fairy Li Shan, Hei Lou Lan’s hatred was immense.


Ying Wu Xie knew this but disregarded it, he directly approached her and forced Hei Lou Lan to surrender.


If she did not, he would kill her!


Even though Ying Wu Xie was in Fang Yuan’s body and was a rank six immortal zombie, he had the rank seven Gu Immortal Shi Nu with him, who had high battle strength. Most crucially, he had a super Gu formation set up here.


It was able to prevent Heavenly Court from investigating the place, and could resist the attacks of the wild beasts living in Earth Abyss. Being able to protect Bo Qing’s remnant soul for so many years, this Gu formation was extraordinary.


This was Ying Wu Xie’s greatest assurance.


Even though Ying Wu Xie was only a split soul, he had inherited Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s killing nature and firm personality.


Hei Lou Lan’s expression was dark, deep hatred was flickering in her eyes.


“Since Ying Wu Xie is fearlessly challenging me, he surely has made preparations and is fully confident. The other party’s capabilities are unfathomable, and they have a close relationship with Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. If I resist, I would likely end up dead. I can only endure this and find a good opportunity later...”


While having such thoughts, Hei Lou Lan snorted, speaking: “Your Shadow Sect killed two of my family members, you want me to join you, aren’t you afraid I will betray you?”


“Hehehe.” Ying Wu Xie’s laughter could be heard: “What is there to fear?”


Pausing for a while, he continued: “Firstly, I am strong while you are weak, there is nothing to fear. Secondly, I have information path methods to restrict you using an alliance agreement. Thirdly, I understand your personality. You have not taken revenge yet, Hei Cheng is still alive, are you satisfied with this ending? Even if you already had killed Hei Cheng, you would endure this for now and cultivate, finding a chance to take revenge in the future.”


Hei Lou Lan was silent.


Hearing that Ying Wu Xie was so aware of her personality, Hei Lou Lan’s heart sank.


Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated, Hei Lou Lan did not expect Ying Wu Xie to know so much about her. In contrast, she knew nearly nothing about him.


This was caused by Fang Yuan.


Back then, Old Man Yan Shi in Shadow Sect found out something wrong with Fang Yuan and used heavenly secret Gu to deduce matters about him.


As someone close to Fang Yuan, Hei Lou Lan was implicated, Shadow Sect collected information about her, deducing many details.


Ying Wu Xie originally did not know, but because of the Red Lotus true inheritance in the River of Time, he received the guidance of Spectral Soul’s will, he learned much about Hei Lou Lan.


Seeing Hei Lou Lan become silent, Ying Wu Xie showed great patience, he did not rush her.


There was only a hint of light in this simple room.


Hei Lou Lan’s entire body was nearly shrouded in darkness.


A long while later, she spoke: “You want to recruit me to deal with whom? If you want me to fight against Heavenly Court, you might as well kill me now.”


“Hahaha.” Ying Wu Xie laughed:” No need to probe me, Hei Lou Lan. I want to recruit you to deal with Fang Yuan!”


Bright light flashed in Hei Lou Lan’s eyes, her pitch became higher: “Oh, it seems Fang Yuan isn’t dead yet?”


“Not only did he survive, he has obtained great gains!” Hatred could not be concealed in Ying Wu Xie’s tone.


“You want to make use of me to harm Fang Yuan and take Hu Immortal blessed land for you?” Hei Lou Lan continued asking.


“Hmph.” Ying Wu Xie smiled coldly: “Fang Yuan’s Hu Immortal blessed land and Star Form blessed land should be empty already. The cultivation resources inside, including Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po valley, were all moved to Lang Ya blessed land.”


“Lang Ya blessed land?”


“Hehe, it is the place where you and Fairy Li Shan fought against Qin Bai Sheng, Hei Cheng, and Jiang Yu. Why? Fang Yuan didn’t tell you?” Ying Wu Xie asked.


Hei Lou Lan sank into silence.


Ying Wu Xie continued: “Lang Ya blessed land was the immortal aperture left behind by Long Hair Ancestor. It is a former grotto-heaven that had fallen to a blessed land. But its foundation is so abundant that it could be said to be the number one blessed land in the five regions. Imperial Court blessed land is already destroyed, no other blessed lands can match it.”


“Fang Yuan not only moved his resources into Lang Ya blessed land, he even joined Lang Ya Sect, betraying humans and becoming the lackey of hairy men.”


Hei Lou Lan heard this and her gaze flickered.


Ying Wu Xie seemed to know her thoughts, he continued speaking with a smile: “You guessed right. I have an insider in Lang Ya blessed land. I know everything that happens inside Lang Ya blessed land. Fang Yuan will not be running around for long, you can only survive by joining me.”


The sights of Yi Tian Mountain appeared in Hei Lou Lan’s mind again.


Spectral Soul’s gigantic body was deeply ingrained in her mind.


“Spectral Soul Demon Venerable...” Hei Lou Lan muttered internally, she gradually closed her eyes, saying solemnly: “The circumstances are not in my favor, I will join you. But I will remind you, even if you want me to deal with Fang Yuan, we still have an active alliance agreement.”


“Merely an alliance agreement, I can get rid of it for you easily.” Ying Wu Xie said confidently.


But Hei Lou Lan said: “Are you sure? Back then, when we made the alliance agreement, it was stated very clearly, if any side breaks the alliance agreement, the other party would not need to follow it anymore.”


Ying Wu Xie felt that this was turning troublesome: “Oh? So if I help you get rid of the alliance agreement, I will be helping Fang Yuan indirectly?”


Hei Lou Lan nodded: “Precisely.”


Fang Yuan had included this line back then because he was afraid of Fairy Li Shan secretly removing the alliance agreement. After all, she primarily cultivated information path, Fang Yuan had to guard against her.


But things changed too quickly, unexpected events happened in life.


Fairy Li Shan died, and Ying Wu Xie wanted to help Hei Lou Lan remove the alliance agreement.


“The essence of alliance agreements is the use of information path methods to leave information path dao marks on both the body and the soul. To remove the alliance agreement, I have to get rid of the information path dao marks.” Ying Wu Xie thought.


“It is very easy for me to get rid of Hei Lou Lan’s information path dao marks, using this super Gu formation and my Gu worms, I can accomplish it. But this way, I will be helping Fang Yuan too.”


Ying Wu Xie did not want that.


In his opinion, the best situation would be that Hei Lou Lan was free from the alliance agreement, while Fang Yuan was still restricted by it.


In this way, he could use Hei Lou Lan to deal with Fang Yuan, he would have a huge advantage.


“Actually, it is not impossible to achieve that. As long as I can find the corresponding information path dao marks and remove them first.”


On Hei Lou Lan’s body, there had to be one or multiple information path dao marks that represented the condition, ‘if one side breaks the alliance agreement, the other party did not need to follow it’.


And these information path dao marks had to be related to the other information path dao marks.


Ying Wu Xie only needed to remove these information path dao marks first, before removing the others to achieve the result that he wanted. In the future, he could use this alliance agreement to restrict Fang Yuan.


“But to do that, it is very difficult...” Ying Wu Xie was frowning more deeply.


Using an inappropriate analogy, the alliance agreement between Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan was like two interlinked bombs strapped onto them.


Whichever side broke the alliance agreement would cause their bomb to explode, and they would suffer a severe punishment.


Ying Wu Xie had the ability to remove Hei Lou Lan’s bomb now, but that would cause Fang Yuan’s bomb to deactivate as well.


This was not what Ying Wu Xie wanted.


But to get the result he wanted, he needed to get rid of Hei Lou Lan’s bomb while finding that crucial wire or multiple wires to remove first.


It was very difficult to do that.


Ying Wu Xie did not have the attainment level, and he did not have corresponding Immortal Gu either.


“Damn it... this Fang Yuan does things so flawlessly!” Ying Wu Xie felt stifled internally.


If it were before the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, it would be easy for him to do this. He only needed to ask the other members of Shadow Sect to do it, there was even Spectral Soul’s main body!


But the situation now was different from the past.


After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Shadow Sect’s plan failed, they faced massive losses, only a small portion of their forces were left in the five regions.


Ying Wu Xie knew that even if he rebuilt Shadow Sect and combined all of the remaining forces, he could not reach its former level again.


“In this way, Hei Lou Lan’s value is greatly diminished. Should I kill her and turn her into a Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie, allowing me to obtain a life-and-death immortal aperture to revive?”


Ying Wu Xie had an idea.


But after considering it, he gave up on the idea.


“Reviving with a life-and-death immortal aperture has a huge flaw, if I am unlucky, the immortal aperture might explode. I might as well use normal immortal zombies to create a stable life-and-death immortal aperture.”


Thinking about the life-and-death immortal aperture, Ying Wu Xie naturally thought about sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


At once, he gritted his teeth, feeling his hatred towards Fang Yuan intensify.


After Shadow Sect created the life-and-death immortal aperture revival method, they had performed many experiments and found lots of problems with it. Next, they paid a huge price to modify it step by step. Eventually, even Spectral Soul’s main body joined in, using the essence of human path, transformation path, and heaven path to create the Immortal Gu recipe for sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


Fang Yuan snatched sovereign immortal fetus Gu and obtained the nine-five sovereign immortal aperture, he ascended to heaven in a single leap!


Shadow Sect’s countless years of effort and hard work had turned to nothing.


Such deep hatred could not be expressed in words.


“Forget it, I should let Hei Lou Lan off. I am too short on manpower now, Hei Lou Lan’s aptitude is great, she can be a very good lackey.”


“Fang Yuan! You will end up in my hands one day, by then, I will pull out all of your tendons, I will use every inch of flesh and skin on your body to refine the sovereign immortal fetus Gu again!!
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1032: Treasure Yellow Heaven Transports Gu Worms

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


“Well? Have you considered it? You are an external supreme elder of Lang Ya Sect, you can use your sect contribution points to exchange for the method.” Lang Ya land spirit smiled.


Over in Central Continent, Hei Lou Lan was forced by Ying Wu Xie and had no choice but to submit, Fang Yuan did not know this and was contacting Lang Ya land spirit.


Speaking of the method to counter Spring Autumn Cicada, Lang Ya land spirit was indeed formed from Long Hair Ancestor, he had a deep foundation.


In their earlier conversation, Fang Yuan was shocked to find out that Lang Ya land spirit had more than ten methods! All of them were effective in dealing with Spring Autumn Cicada.


These methods involved many aspects, with so many choices, at this moment, Fang Yuan felt a bit uncertain.


But he quickly focused his mind, asking as he thought of something: “I have a question, how many sect contribution points do I have?”


“Three hundred!” Lang Ya land spirit hesitated for a moment before answering.


“Three hundred...” Fang Yuan frowned, he knew that he had not done anything for Lang Ya Sect yet after joining it. This amount of sect contribution was obtained because he had lent Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po valley, and wisdom Gu to Lang Ya land spirit.


However, either of Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po valley, or wisdom Gu were unparalleled things, they were only worth three hundred sect contribution points?


Immediately, Fang Yuan had some suspicion, but he did not question him, he asked in a roundabout manner: “First supreme elder, I am not sure how your three hundred points were calculated, I would like you to explain for me.”


Lang Ya land spirit heard Fang Yuan call him ‘first supreme elder’ and felt very pleased internally.


He said frankly: “This is very simple. Dang Hun Mountain counts as a hundred, Luo Po valley counts as a hundred, and wisdom Gu is also a hundred.”


Fang Yuan’s tone became lower: “Wisdom Gu is a rank nine Immortal Gu, why is it worth the same number as Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po valley?”


“No need to be suspicious.” Lang Ya land spirit quickly answered: “You lent all three of them to the sect, but my Lang Ya Sect has to bear the expenditure of the earth qi, and the feeding of wisdom Gu. Three hundred sect contribution points are given to you according to the rules in the sect. I know that fairness is required for a sect to grow, don’t worry, we will not shortchange whatever is rightfully yours, but we will also not give you extra that you did not earn.”


After pausing for a while, Lang Ya land spirit continued: “Of course, if you contributed them to the sect, the contribution points would be much higher! It is possible for you to become the first supreme elder of the sect as well.”


Fang Yuan heard this and couldn’t help but feel excitement.


Becoming the first supreme elder of Lang Ya Sect, wouldn’t he obtain the highest authority? Even if he was not the owner of Lang Ya blessed land, he would be able to mobilize the hairy man Gu Immortals inside Lang Ya blessed land, right?


But quickly, Lang Ya land spirit said: “But for you to become the first supreme elder, you need to get rid of your human status and become a true hairy man. Only an exceptional hairy man can be the leader of the hairy men!”


Lang Ya land spirit’s tone was full of confidence towards the ideology of hairy man rulership.


Fang Yuan dispelled his earlier thoughts.


He had no doubt that Lang Ya land spirit had methods to turn humans into hairy men. But if Fang Yuan became a hairy man, the price was too great.


Most fundamentally, the current trend of human dominance could not be overturned. Hairy men and other variant humans, even if they became immortals, would be pushed aside and ostracized.


Furthermore, hairy men and the other variant humans were flawed to begin with, they could not become rank nine venerables.


Fang Yuan aspired to reach immortality, cultivation was only a tool. But evidently, the higher his cultivation level, the closer he would be to this goal.


This logic was simple. Between an ant and a tree, which one was closer to eternal life?


Fang Yuan only had three hundred sect contribution points, Lang Ya land spirit calculated the amount very precisely. He did not give Fang Yuan one point less or one point more.


Fang Yuan sensed keenly that these three hundred sect contribution points were very precious, they had great value, if he used them wisely, they would be a huge help towards him!


Thus, after he thought over it, he did not spend these contribution points rashly to obtain one of the ways to counter Spring Autumn Cicada.


At the other end, Lang Ya land spirit said: “Sect contribution points are meant to be used. Don’t be too stingy with them, we have many sect missions for you. As long as you complete one, your sect contribution points will increase.”


“Oh? What kinds of missions?” Fang Yuan asked lightly.


Lang Ya land spirit wanted to make use of Fang Yuan’s strength, he naturally explained them to him.


Fang Yuan soon shook his head, disappointment was all over his face.


These sect missions were split into two types. One was to collect Gu refinement materials, the other was to spar with the hairy man Gu Immortals and nurture their fighting skills.


Earlier, after Qin Bai Sheng and the rest attacked Lang Ya blessed land, Lang Ya land spirit turned from the shape of a human and white haired land spirit to a hairy man and black haired land spirit, the management of Lang Ya blessed land had changed drastically.


The black haired land spirit wanted hairy men to be the rulers, the overlords of the Gu world, to trample on humans and all other races.


Thus, he tried to train his hairy man Gu Immortals, wanting to raise their battle strength.


Before this, these hairy man Gu Immortals only knew how to refine Gu, they did not even train normally, their battle strength could not be said to even be at the dregs.


Currently, Fang Yuan did not have the time to help the black haired land spirit search for Gu refinement materials, or be the nanny of the hairy man Gu Immortals.


“How about this, first supreme elder, I lack Gu worms now. Could you buy some Southern Border Gu worms from treasure yellow heaven and inspect to check that they are not tampered with. If they are fine, send them over to me.” Fang Yuan changed the topic, listing his needs.


Lang Ya land spirit did not reject this.


Batches of Gu worms quickly passed through connecting heaven Gu via treasure yellow heaven, reaching Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


The first batch was a large number of mortal Gu, including wine sack flower Gu, rice pouch grass Gu, spring water Gu, eating wind drinking dew Gu and others.


The situation now was different.


Earlier, Fang Yuan was an immortal zombie, he did not need to eat.


But now that he had revived, his body was alive, he needed to consume food and water.


Even Gu Immortals would die if they did not eat. Unless they had the relevant food path dao marks.


Other than these food path mortal Gu, there was also some clothing Gu.


Fang Yuan was not satisfied with fire cape Gu and flying smoke Gu, the effect of the flames was too eye catching, they were unnecessary.


After acquiring these clothing Gu, he immediately changed his clothes.


There were also Gu for housing.


For example, the wood path Gu worm, three star cave.


After it was used, it would turn into a tree house with space in the trunk.


The second batch provided was moving perspective cup Gu and stargate Gu.


It was not safe to use treasure yellow heaven.


Treasure yellow heaven was an open market, it was not a secret channel.


Moving perspective cup Gu used the Space Door to transport objects, it bypassed the five region’s regional walls, it was a superb mortal Gu!


Be it the moving perspective cup Gu recipe or stargate Gu recipe, Lang Ya land spirit had already obtained them from Fang Yuan.


According to the previous Lang Ya land spirit’s personality, he would have refined a lot of them.


Thus, these two Gu worms were directly taken out from Lang Ya blessed land. Once they entered treasure yellow heaven, the two Gu worms shined with bright treasure light, it drew the attention of many Gu Immortals.


They were mortal Gu, but the treasure light was really very bright, it was out of the ordinary.


This special situation drew the attention of many Gu Immortals, they went to ask but Lang Ya land spirit rejected them.


The third batch was also mortal Gu, they came from Lang Ya Sect’s storage, Fang Yuan wanted to use them to test his sovereign immortal aperture.


The earlier tests were only observations on the surface.


To learn about the secrets of the sovereign immortal aperture, he needed to use Gu worms as tools.


The fourth batch was the main objective.


Sword Immortal Bo Qing’s sword path Immortal Gu!


Fang Yuan stole quite a number of Immortal Gu from immortal zombie Bo Qing, he used the light of wisdom and wisdom path methods to deceive these Immortal Gu temporarily, as he gradually refined them.


Before joining the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he only managed to refine change soul Immortal Gu. And during the crucial moment in the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he used it to turn the situation around.


Right now, change soul Immortal Gu was still in Fang Yuan’s hands.


As for the other sword path Immortal Gu, they were filled with Bo Qing’s will, they were much harder to refine compared to change soul Immortal Gu. They were left inside Hu Immortal blessed land, and were not brought to Yi Tian Mountain by Fang Yuan.


After all, these Immortal Gu were not refined, they could not be used even if they were brought.


As it turned out, it was lucky that Fang Yuan did not bring them.


Otherwise, according to what happened, these Immortal Gu would be left in his body and become Ying Wu Xie’s property.


These sword path Immortal Gu were the rank eight wisdom sword Gu, rank seven sword escape Gu. rank seven sword eyebrows Gu and rank seven flying sword Gu.


Lang Ya land spirit only sent sword escape Immortal Gu and flying sword Gu over to Fang Yuan.


The two of them made an instant transaction.


At the first moment, Fang Yuan used a rock that he picked up to buy sword escape Immortal Gu and flying sword Gu.


“The treasure light is hundreds of meters tall, what happened?”


“Transaction of Immortal Gu!!”


“How is this possible?”


“I saw it earlier. Someone bought two rank seven Immortal Gu immediately, they were so fast that no one could react.”


“Buying two rank seven Immortal Gu? Heavens! I do not even have a single rank six Immortal Gu, who is that rich?”


The earlier few batches of Gu worms had already attracted some attention. With this transfer, involving Immortal Gu, heated discussions were occurring in treasure yellow heaven!


The trading of Immortal Gu was usually done through exchanges of Immortal Gu, they were rare even in treasure yellow heaven.


Thus, Fang Yuan and Lang Ya land spirit’s transaction was like a rock that was thrown into a calm lake, ripples formed immediately.


“Two Immortal Gu... each having around three hundred meters of treasure light. But the other party paid with a rock.” A lucky Gu Immortal who witnessed the transaction transmitted using his divine sense.


This information caused more heated discussion between Gu Immortals again.


“Impossible!”


“A rock? Are you kidding me?”


“This is not a normal transaction, they are using treasure yellow heaven to transfer Gu worms.”


“Even if they are transporting Immortal Gu, it is very rare. Treasure yellow heaven’s fee is charged according to the treasure light’s height.”


At once, countless divine senses conversed in treasure yellow heaven, the wills of many Gu Immortals were engaging in conversation enthusiastically.


The commotion was similar to a mortal fish market.


Because of Fang Yuan and Lang Ya land spirit, the entirety of treasure yellow heaven was in chaos.
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1033: Taking Large Strides With Unwavering Determination

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


Southern Border, on the peak of a nameless mountain.


Fang Yuan held sword escape Immortal Gu in his left hand, and flying sword Gu in his right hand.


He observed them.


Sword escape Immortal Gu was like a golden bee, while flying sword Immortal Gu was like a silver winged dragonfly.


Both had their merits.


The first was a movement Immortal Gu, it was extremely fast, not inferior to the rank seven qi escape Immortal Gu. The second was very famous in history, it was Bo Qing’s most used offensive and defensive Gu worm.


The aura of rank seven was oozing.


Fang Yuan smiled as he stored the two Immortal Gu.


After Yi Tian Mountain, the sword path Immortal Gu were all successfully refined under the light of wisdom, becoming Fang Yuan’s Gu.


These two Immortal Gu were among them, Fang Yuan could use them now.


With these two Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan felt more assured about his safety.


Earlier, he had attitude Gu, change soul Immortal Gu, and unravel mystery Immortal Gu, he lacked movement and attacking methods. With these two Immortal Gu now, Fang Yuan’s weakness was alleviated, his battle strength surged!


If he met Huo Kong Dong again, Fang Yuan could use his Immortal Gu to kill him.


He had stopped using connecting heaven Gu.


Because Lang Ya land spirit sent Sword Escape and Flying Sword, two rank seven Immortal Gu, treasure yellow heaven was in a commotion, more and more Gu Immortals were joining in and discussing the matter.


In the Gu Immortal world, rank six Gu Immortals were the majority.


And among them, a large portion did not have any rank six Immortal Gu.


Thus, this transaction that involved two rank seven Immortal Gu had such a huge impact.


Treasure yellow heaven was an open market, secrets could not be kept. Fang Yuan had no choice but to use treasure yellow heaven to transport his Immortal Gu.


After obtaining two sword path Immortal Gu, he stopped using connecting heaven Gu, allowing treasure yellow heaven to dwell in that commotion on its own.


Using moving perspective cup Gu, he continued to communicate with Lang Ya land spirit.


“Just now, you spent thirty sect contribution points.” Lang Ya land spirit said.


It was not free to use treasure yellow heaven to transport Gu worms.


Treasure yellow heaven would take a cut from every transaction. According to the treasure light, the higher it was, the larger the processing fee.


The processing fee was paid by Lang Ya land spirit, he converted them into sect contribution points in Lang Ya Sect and deducted them from Fang Yuan.


Thus, Fang Yuan’s sect contribution points fell, he had two hundred and seventy left.


Of course, a portion of the thirty points had been used on Fang Yuan’s purchase of different mortal Gu.


“I want to talk to you about the trade of guts Gu.” Fang Yuan replied.


This discussion took a long time.


Only until late at night, both sides came to a detailed agreement, concluding their negotiation.


Trade of guts Gu!


Fang Yuan’s eyes shone, excitement was still lingering on his face.


The winds of night blew, they were cold but were unable to extinguish the fire inside him.


All along, Fang Yuan’s guts Gu trade had been restricted by the number of hairy man slaves.


Because guts Gu needed airsac Gu as the container to leave Dang Hun Mountain, and to be sold outside. But airsac Gu needed Hei Lou Lan’s strength qi Immortal Gu as the Gu refinement material, and the hairy man slaves needed to refine it continuously.


Now, Hei Lou Lan was missing, and strength qi Immortal Gu was not with Fang Yuan.


But this was okay. Long ago, Fang Yuan had used the light of wisdom to deduce a new recipe. He had been keeping it a secret because he wanted to maintain his cooperation with Hei Lou Lan.


Therefore, the number of hairy man slaves was the main limitation towards this trade.


And it was very difficult to increase the number of hairy man slaves.


Firstly, hairy man slaves were the most expensive among variant human slaves in treasure yellow heaven. Especially those skilled in refinement, they were even pricier.


Secondly, the process of refining Gu was filled with danger, hairy man slaves would die during the process. Thus, even though Fang Yuan replenished many hairy man slaves, inside Hu Immortal blessed land, their numbers did not increase.


Fang Yuan wanted to raise his own hairy men, but because he did not have the methods to do so, he could not execute this idea.


But right now!


Fang Yuan had joined Lang Ya Sect.


How many hairy men were there in Lang Ya blessed land?


It was an unimaginable number.


This blessed land was perhaps the most populous location for hairy men in the whole five regions.


Fang Yuan had his motives in lending Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po valley to Lang Ya Sect.


Using the vast number of hairy men in Lang Ya blessed land to refine airsac Gu for him, the number of guts Gu produced would far exceed Fang Yuan’s previous scale, his profits would rise to an unprecedented level.


“As long as it is inside treasure yellow heaven, even if Central Continent attempts to suppress it, so what? The trade of guts Gu will not be affected.”


“I am really excited. According to our negotiation, even if Lang Ya Sect takes more than half of the benefits, my profits each month from the guts Gu trade would reach six thousand immortal essence stones!”


Before this, Fang Yuan’s total profits, including his other businesses, only reached two thousand immortal essence stones a month.


Now that he joined Lang Ya Sect, with just the guts Gu trade, he could obtain six thousand immortal essence stones a month.


This was a number that many rank six Gu Immortals could not imagine!


After rebirth, Fang Yuan had joined Lang Ya Sect after deep and careful consideration.


Firstly, one day, when Fang Yuan faces the pursuit of the entire world, which place was more reliable than Lang Ya blessed land? Others were targeting Fang Yuan’s Giant Sun true inheritance, but they were also after Lang Ya blessed land. After Lang Ya land spirit transformed, he wanted to strengthen the hairy man race, he was a natural ally for Fang Yuan.


Secondly, Lang Ya blessed land was very powerful, it resisted seven waves of attacks in the five hundred years of his previous life.


Thirdly, Lang Ya land spirit could not lie, Fang Yuan would easily sense it should he decide to turn on him.


With these three reasons, Fang Yuan joined Lang Ya Sect.


Indeed, on the first night after reviving, he obtained a huge benefit.


Fang Yuan not only used Lang Ya land spirit to solve his dangerous situation, he even used Lang Ya blessed land’s foundation to increase his wealth.


“I have passed the weakest period after revival. Now, I need to inspect my nine-five sovereign immortal aperture.”


This was a night without stars in the sky, cold winds were blowing.


Fang Yuan entered the house Gu, after eating food, he inspected his immortal aperture.


With so many mortal Gu, his efficiency in inspecting it was higher.


It was a sleepless night.


Around dawn, Fang Yuan left the three star cave Gu, seeing the start of the sunrise.


Southern Border was mountainous and foggy, when the sun rises, it would make the direction where it was facing look like a burning cloud.


As the sun rose, the first light of dawn could be seen as golden-red traces.


Soon, light burst out, bringing heat along with it, like metal that had just come out of the furnace.


The morning sun ascended slowly, the clouds between the mountain peaks were moving about, beautiful lights were created after the rays of sunlight hit them, there were gorgeous red clouds in the sky.


In Fang Yuan’s heart, a grand feeling of ambition was brewing.


“Ambitious mountains with steps firm as steel, taking large strides with unwavering determination. Taking risks to obtain the essence of the universe, my heart still seeks to rise beyond heaven.”


As he recited, Fang Yuan opened his arms like a bird, jumping down the cliff before ascending rapidly. It was as if he was stepping on the clouds, flying towards the south-east direction.


After this night, he gained a greater understanding of the sovereign immortal aperture.


The immortal aperture had a huge space of over 335000km2. Not just that, there were rich time path resources, one day in the outside world was two months inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


Hei Lou Lan’s aperture, with her having the Great Strength True Martial Physique, was only at a one to thirty-eight ratio with the outside world’s time.


But Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture was one to sixty, it greatly exceeded that of Hei Lou Lan.


But compared to the space in the immortal aperture, the time path aspect was not as impressive.


But this was a huge relief to Fang Yuan.


When the time flow in the immortal aperture was fast, calamities and tribulations would occur more frequently, and Fang Yuan would have bigger problems dealing with them.


Perhaps Spectral Soul had considered this point when he was refining the Gu, at a ratio of one to sixty, it surpassed super grade blessed lands, but was not too exaggerated, Fang Yuan could handle it, although with difficulty.


Other than time path resources, Fang Yuan also found sixteen beads of green grape immortal essence in his sovereign immortal aperture.


An immortal aperture that was alive was different from a dead one, it could produce immortal essence.


Sixteen beads of immortal essence in a day, that meant four hundred and eighty in a month, it was extraordinary, far surpassing Fang Yuan’s previous life.


Fang Yuan also found that his body was full of dao marks.


These dao marks were of all paths. Fire path, water path, wood path, light path, dark path... even poison path and luck path were encompassed within.


What shocked Fang Yuan more was that these dao marks were not just high in variety, they were also of a large quantity.


He could vaguely estimate that on average, each path had around a hundred dao marks.


A hundred dao marks could amplify the effect of Gu worms by ten percent.


No wonder Fang Yuan could use the fire path fire cape Gu and flying smoke Gu to such an extent.


But this discovery did not make Fang Yuan happy, he felt a bit grim.


Gu Immortals usually pursued one type of dao mark.


Because dao marks could amplify the effect of Gu worms, they could also weaken and counteract them.


For example, when a Gu Immortal who cultivates water path and has water path dao marks all over their body uses a fire path mortal Gu, the effect would be worse than a mortal Gu Master.


Even if Gu Immortals cultivated more than one path, they would choose one to be primarily used.


This was common sense in the Gu Immortal world.


“But strangely, I used the mortal Gu of so many paths, but I did not feel any resistance and weakening from the dao marks of other paths. In fact, the amplification is working normally. This goes against the logic of the cultivation world, what is going on?”


“There is another point, any Gu Master who ascends to immortal has a vital Gu. But my sovereign immortal aperture does not have one. What is going on?”


Towards the mystical properties of the sovereign immortal aperture, the deeper Fang Yuan explored it, the more questions appeared in his mind.


“I have already used all my methods for yesterday’s investigation. It seems that to understand the mysteries behind the sovereign immortal aperture, I need to get answers from Spectral Soul, Shadow Sect and Ying Wu Xie.”


“But near Yi Tian Mountain, the changes are too large, with the dream realm manifested, Southern Border Gu Immortals would seal it up and turn it into a forbidden area for outsiders. And I also do not know Ying Wu Xie’s location.”


“Forget it, the matter at hand is to find Southern Border’s current generation Ni Xiang!”
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1034: Man-made Disaster

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


Southern Border, Rotten Mud Mountain.


It was noon, the sun was high in the air, it was a clear sky with no clouds in sight.


At a certain area in a forest at the back of Rotten Mud Mountain, a youngster was fighting with a mature bear.


The atmosphere was tense.


The bear stood as tall as three meters in height, it had a bulky body and brown fur which was thick and shiny. At this moment, the bear was opening its mouth, revealing its sharp teeth as its red eyes stared at the young man with a ruthless look.


The young man who was facing this bear was only fifteen or sixteen years old.


He was only five and a half feet tall, compared to the bear, he was tiny and weak.


But the young man’s eyes were shining with vigor, he dared to face the bear head on, without any fear.


Roar!


The brown bear growled, opening its mouth and pouncing at the young man.


The brown bear might look clumsy and heavy, but any experienced hunter would know that it had incredible explosive strength.


When the brown bear moves from a still position, its speed rises rapidly as it pushes forward!


The young man only felt a gust of wind as the bear suddenly arrived in front of him.


The young man’s expression did not change, he activated his Gu worm during the crucial moment.


His movement Gu allowed him to move away by a certain distance.


The brown bear missed its target, it crashed into the tree behind the young man.


With a loud sound, the thick tree trunk was snapped by the brown bear.


With the falling of the tree, another loud sound was heard as it slammed on the ground.


The surrounding birds flew away in panic.


The young man let out a breath of cold air, thinking: Thankfully, I dodged in time. If this bear hit me directly, even if I had defensive Gu worms, my bones would break and I would suffer heavy injuries.


However, after dodging this attack, the battle tilted in favor of the young man.


The young man’s eyes shined brightly, he cried out: “Stupid bear, feel the power of my sword qi Gu!”


Before he finished speaking, he had already stretched out his middle and index fingers on his right hand, pointing at the brown bear.


The next moment.


Whoosh.


With a soft sound, a burst of pale white translucent sword qi shot out of the young man’s fingers.


The sword qi flew through the air, hitting the brown bear’s back.


But there was the aura of wild Gu on the brown bear. The fur on its back turned firm, becoming hard plates.


The sword qi hit the hard plates and made a buzzing sound, as the sword qi dispersed.


The brown bear’s bulky body was completely uninjured.


It shook its head as it recovered from the dizziness earlier, it turned around towards the young man.


The young man was dumbfounded.


“What? This bear has a wild defensive Gu. How can my sword qi Gu hit it? Grandpa, did you intentionally put the wild Gu on that brown bear?” The young man shouted.


“Hehehe, grandson, I walked along the mountain’s paths for over ten li to find this brown bear. It is a great opponent for you.” From the tree branches, a voice said this.


It turned out that the young man’s grandfather had been sitting on top of the tree, watching his grandson fight this brown bear.


The young man’s strongest method was sword qi Gu.


But against the brown bear, it had little effect. Each sword qi could only shave off some of the bear’s fur.


There was no choice, the young man could only dodge everywhere.


The brown bear attacked fiercely, but it was a beast, it did not have enough intelligence.


Even though the young man could not defeat the bear, he was agile and had much experience. Because of that, he dodged everywhere while causing the bear to crash into trees while fighting.


Seeing the young man’s difficult state, the grandfather laughed: “Rascal, do you know sword qi Gu’s weakness now? It attacks by piercing, once it is countered, you will waste your primeval essence with no damage dealt. Come, catch this Gu.”


Saying this, the grandfather tossed a Gu worm to the young man.


In order to receive the Gu worm, the young man was almost hit by the brown bear, he tumbled to the ground.


But because he reacted quickly, he rolled away from the brown bear’s bite.


After getting some distance, he jumped and stood up again.


“This is muddy Gu!”


The young man cried out, recognizing this Gu worm.


This Gu worm was not his, but his grandfather had lent it to him, the young man could use it with no problem.


After injecting primeval essence into muddy Gu, the Gu worm shined with a murky light.


The young man’s hand flicked, and the murky light on the Gu worm left his hand, landing below the bear’s feet.


Gugugu...


A large amount of bubbles emerged from the soil below the brown bear’s feet.


In the blink of an eye, this area became a pile of soft mud.


The brown bear’s two feet were stuck inside the mud.


It struggled intensely, shaking off a lot of the mud on it.


The young man was hit by mud on his body and face, but he did not care, he used muddy Gu again.


The murky light went into the pile of mud again.


The brown bear was already stuck at the bottom of the mud, it struggled and was about to get out.


But because of the light, the mud deepened.


The brown bear’s four limbs were stuck inside, the more it struggled, the more it sank.


The bear stood on two legs, but the depth of the mud was already at its waist.


When the young man used muddy Gu for a third time, victory was decided.


The brown bear sank again, eventually, only its head was exposed, it growled, unwilling to give in.


“I finally won.” The young man was tired, he sat on the ground, breathing roughly.


His face was pale, his primeval essence was almost expended.


With a soft sound, the young man’s grandfather jumped down from the tree, floating down slowly for several meters, landing in front of the young man.


“Rascal, you know the advantages of muddy Gu now? Without this Gu, how could you defeat the brown bear?” The grandfather chided.


The young man did not answer, he breathed roughly for a few seconds before snorting, looking at his grandfather: “Grandpa, you did this on purpose. I know you want me to give up on sword path and cultivate our Ni clan’s specialty, earth path, right?”


The grandfather raised his finger and tapped the young man’s head, he said in a loving but bitter tone: “Rascal, you are smart, it would be great if you could use it on your earth path cultivation.”


The young man had his face in his hands, saying: “But I like sword qi. It is so cool when I shoot out sword qi. Earth path is so lame, grandpa, look at me, I am covered in mud. After one battle, I lose all my coolness.”


The grandfather heard this and stared with wide eyes, about to scold him further.


But at this moment, the bells from the base of the mountain started to ring.


Both of them were startled.


The young man jumped up, standing and looking at the base of the mountain, saying anxiously: “Ah! This is the alert bell Gu of the clan. The bell is ringing so rapidly, what happened?”


Go!” The grandfather was more direct, he stretched out his arm and grabbed the young man, running towards the base of the mountain rapidly.


The young man felt the wind blowing past him, all he saw were shadows of trees that rapidly moved behind him.


He was shocked: “This is the power of a rank five Gu Master? Such speed...”


After a dozen breaths of time, the young man’s vision returned to normal as his grandfather put him down.


With the sudden deceleration, he felt queasy, his stomach was churning as he almost vomited.


“Lord clan leader.”


“Greetings to lord clan leader.”


The young man heard the voices of clan elders.


He tried to stand up, but realized that he was already at the wall surrounding Ni clan village.


The young man’s grandfather was Ni Kun, the current leader of Ni clan and a rank five Gu Master.


Ni Kun frowned, asking with a serious expression: “What happened? Why was alert bell Gu used consecutively?”


“Clan leader, the matter is urgent, take a look!”


A clan elder used the clan’s Gu formation, this was an investigative Gu formation, it was directed to Ni Kun.


Ni Kun’s vision flashed with all sorts of images, in an instant, he saw a scene a hundred li away from the village.


His breathing paused, he frowned as he showed confusion on his face: “A beast tide! Strange, we had already survived a beast tide a year ago. And the surrounding beast groups near the village are insufficient in forming a beast tide.”


“That’s right, we found it strange too.”


“If there is an abnormality, there must be a cause! I suggest that we send our elite Gu Masters to investigative.”


“Nevertheless, we should focus on defending ourselves. This beast tide is colossal, the question now is whether we can protect the village.”


Ni Kun’s expression was grim.


The danger had arrived so suddenly and severely.


His grandson, Ni Jian, was staring blankly in a daze. Earlier, it was a calm and peaceful day, but now, his village was on the brink of destruction.


“The beast tide is fierce, an attack of this scale has not been seen in decades. Ni clan is facing a life and death situation, activate all three layers of our defenses! Second elder, third elder, quickly go and lead our elites to use the heavenly fire Gu formation! Sixth elder, lead the medicine hall and the medical team. Seventh elder, check our transportation Gu formation. If anything goes wrong, send our youths away...” Ni Kun ordered.


The elders knew that the situation was dangerous, they moved immediately, showing firm determination.


The beast group attacked like fierce waves, rushing forward relentlessly.


Wherever they went, dust rose as trees in the mountain were snapped.


The young man, Ni Jian, saw this on top of the village wall and felt immense fear, his expression turned pale.


He had never seen such a fierce beast tide.


Normally, beast tides came in one species, for example, a wolf tide, or a tiger tide. But now, this beast tide had many different types of beasts, wolves, tigers, leopards, bulls, deer, foxes, snakes, and more were mixed in.


“Strange! Why are these wild beasts not attacking each other, they are forming together and attacking our village?!” The grandfather Ni Kun mumbled.


At the next moment, Ni Kun’s shuddered, the Ni clan Gu Masters around him also stared with wide opened eyes.


The terrifying beast tide slowed down, before stopped entirely.


An enormous group of beasts of all kinds stood ten thousand steps away from the village wall, watching the people in anticipation.


Ni clan’s Gu Masters looked at each other, feeling uncertainty and fear.


A mound tiger moved out.


Mound tigers were mutated beasts, they had huge bodies, far larger than normal, they were like small mounds.


Fang Yuan was lying on the mound tiger’s back, his eyes were half open as he looked at Ni clan.


Seeing Fang Yuan, Ni clan’s Gu Masters shouted in shock.


Ni Jian’s eyes were wide open, he finally realized — This beast tide was not a natural disaster, it was a man-made disaster!
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1035: Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs, Qi Clan’s Two Immortals

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


The sky was grand and vast.


White clouds rumbled, moving below one’s feet.


A huge lion growled lowly as its four limbs stepped on the air, flying towards the cloud layer.


This lion’s body was like snow, it was completely white.


Its thick mane swayed in the wind, strong air currents were created below its feet.


On the lion’s back, there was a huge chair, two Gu Immortals, one male and one female, were sitting together.


The female was old and looked like she was in her sixties, but her eyes were shining brightly, she was excited and could not sit still, looking around.


And the male had the appearance of a young man, he had a sharp nose and long thin eyes, his body was emitting a cool and experienced aura.


“Great-uncle, your steed is really amazing, it can travel on the clouds, in just half a day, we have already flown tens of thousands of li.” The female Gu Immortal praised.


“This is a desolate beast qi grand lion, it is not flying on the clouds, but it has the ability to control air currents, thus it can fly.” The young looking man explained patiently.


“A lion that can control air currents and fly in the air, I have never seen such a thing. Desolate beast... what does that mean?” The female Gu Immortal asked.


The young-looking male Gu Immortal smiled silently: “Qi He, you just ascended to become a Gu Immortal, it is normal that you do not know about common knowledge of the Gu Immortal world. This qi grand lion has qi path dao marks on its body, once it matures, it can soar through the skies. But this type of lion is very rare now, it is almost extinct in the five regions, it can only be seen in white heaven and black heaven now.”


“As for desolate beasts, they are a certain rank of beasts. Like how Gu Masters have rank one, rank two and rank three, other than desolate beasts, there are ancient desolate beasts and immemorial desolate beasts. Desolate beasts are equivalent to rank six Gu Immortals, because one desolate beast can fight evenly against a rank six Gu Immortal. And ancient desolate beasts are equivalent to rank seven Gu Immortals, while immemorial desolate beasts are equivalent to rank eight Gu Immortals.”


The female Gu Immortal, Qi He, heard this and her eyes shined, she assessed the qi grand lion again, thinking: “No wonder I felt such danger from this lion. Thanks to great-uncle, I survived the tribulation from ascension and became a Gu Immortal. If I had to fight this lion, I might get torn to shreds.”


The young-looking Gu Immortal, Qi Zai, was hundreds of years old, he had rank seven cultivation level, he only looked so young because of lifespan Gu.


He was old and experienced, seeing Qi He’s face, he could guess what she was thinking.


Stretching out his arm to pat this junior’s shoulder, Qi Zai consoled: “Little He, don’t worry, most people are like this after becoming immortal. When the matter I have to deal with is settled, we can return to Qi Sea grotto-heaven, your seniors are there, if the seniors know that our Qi clan has another Gu Immortal, they will be very happy. You will live in the grotto-heaven for some time and learn from your elders. Remember to observe carefully and ask questions.”


“Thank you for your advice, great-uncle.” Qi He had a serious expression, standing up and bowing to Qi Zai solemnly.


“Mm... let’s sit down and talk.” Qi Zai nodded, showing a proud expression on his face.


Qi He sat down, showing a confused expression, she hesitated for a while before saying: “Our Qi clan has a lot of Gu Immortal elders, why are we not imitating Southern Border super forces like Wu clan and Shang clan?”


Qi Zai smiled as he said: “You want to ask, why is it that we elders who have become Gu Immortals are not acting like Wu clan and Shang clan, looking after our descendants. Instead, we allow our juniors to get bullied and suppressed, is that right?”


“I wouldn’t dare to.” Qi He said anxiously.


“In the past, when I had just become an immortal, I had the same question as you.” Qi Zai sighed, he showed a look of reminiscence: “The reason is quite complex, it will take some time to explain.”


“The underlying cause of this relates to our Qi clan’s ancestor, he was one of the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs thousands of years ago.”


“Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs?” Qi He asked.


“The Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs were five publicly recognized Gu Immortal experts in Southern Border during that time. The five of them had rank eight cultivation level, at the peak of the Gu Immortal world. They often collaborated and explored white heaven and black heaven together, they had a close relationship, thus they were known as the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs. Our Qi clan ancestor was one of the Five Xiangs, Qi Xiang. And our Qi clan cultivates qi path primarily.”


“Rank eight Gu Immortals!” Qi He was lost for words.


Qi Zai sighed: “In the absence of rank nine, rank eights dominate! Every rank eight Gu Immortal is a legend, their actions have huge impact. And back then, the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs were extremely famous, even in the other four regions. And because these five people had similar interests and a close relationship, they often fought enemies together. In most situations, rank eight Gu Immortals work alone. Thus, in white heaven and black heaven, other rank eight Gu Immortals would avoid the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs if they encountered them.”


“During that time, Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world had the edge over the other four regions because of the Five Xiangs, they had incredible fame. But dozens of years later, the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs disbanded.


As he said that, Qi Zai’s tone became deeper.


“Why?” Qi He asked.


Qi Zai sighed, continuing: “I am not sure about the exact details. Supposedly, back then the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs found a huge secret while exploring white heaven. This secret represented an unimaginable achievement, but only one person could obtain it. All of the five Xiangs wanted to get it, but they did not relent. Because their strength was similar, and because of their relationship, they created a bet.”


“Bet?”


“That’s right, this bet had a thousand year duration. The rules of the bet were: The five Xiang could only watch as their descendants developed on their own. A thousand years later, whichever clan had the most Gu Immortals would be the winner.”


Qi He considered the time, a thousand years had already passed, she quickly asked: “Then who won?”


Qi Zai smiled bitterly: “A thousand years later, two clans had the same number of Gu Immortals, the victor could not be decided. The other three clans were unwilling to give up, thus, with two clans against three, another round of betting was decided upon. Thus, a thousand years, two thousand years, three thousand years... until now, the five ancestors already died long ago, but the bet is still ongoing.”


“So that’s it!” Qi He heard this old secret and was tongue-tied.


After a while, she accepted this fact and sighed: “That means without this agreement, Southern Border would have five more super forces?”


But Qi Zai shook his head: “Among the five Xiangs, there were lone immortals and demonic path members, developing clans is something only righteous path members generally have the patience to do.”


“Our Qi clan had Qi Xiang, who are the other four Xiangs?” Qi He asked again.


Qi Zai responded: “Qi Xiang, Ni Xiang, Bai Xiang, Xue Xiang, Chi Xiang, they were known as the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs. The following place I am going is where the current generation Ni Xiang is.”


“Why does great-uncle want to go to Ni Xiang?”


Qi Zai hesitated for a moment before smiling: “Alright, it is not an issue to tell you. Recently, a huge matter happened in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world, large numbers of Gu Immortals died around Yi Tian Mountain. One of our elders from Qi clan died there. Thus, we are here to find the current generation Ni Xiang, so that they can help us deduce the truth.”


“Ah! Yi Tian Mountain...” Qi He cried out.


Regardless of what had occurred in Fang Yuan’s previous life, this time around, the battle of Yi Tian Mountain involved both mortals and immortals. Thus, Qi He had heard about it long ago.


But she only knew that Southern Border’s forces sent their mortal experts to attack Yi Tian Mountain and exterminate the demonic path in order to defend the righteous path. In Southern Border, there had been no demonic path power that was so brazen to create a force. Thus, the righteous path was trying to take them down.


Qi Zai thus told Qi He the gambling contest of Yi Tian Mountain.


Qi He finally realized that the truth was like this.


She muttered: “The difference between immortal and mortal is as far apart as clouds and mud. Those rank four and five experts are just pawns of the immortals.”


This truth had great impact towards Qi He, who had just become a Gu Immortal.


Qi Zai heard this and smiled internally.


When Gu Masters become immortals, not only would their strength and cultivation change, their mentality also had to change.


At this moment, Qi Zai could use the matter of Yi Tian Mountain to stimulate Qi He’s growth, so that she could adapt to her new identity.


Soon, there was silence.


Only the qi grand lion was still running in the air, Qi Zai and Qi He had turned silent.


Clouds moved around them, the world seemed vast.


Because there were Gu formations on the chairs, they did not feel any wind or noise.


Could any mortal see such a sight?


Qi He saw this and felt how huge the world was, mortals were like insects, her complex feelings faded gradually, she thought: “That’s right, I am a Gu Immortal, I am not a mortal anymore. Mortals and immortals are different, I need to remember this.”


After telling herself that, Qi He’s mood returned to normal, even her mind had undergone a change.


Qi Zai nodded internally at this, saying: “Actually, during these last few thousand years, among the descendants of the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs, our Qi clan is the most prosperous. Xue Xiang’s descendants cultivate blood path, they are almost wiped out. Chi Xiang’s descendants are staying inside their immortal aperture and live like livestock, they do not have any urge to improve themselves, they are lazy and only want to eat, they are nothing significant. Bai Xiang’s final traces of bloodline have all died recently. As for Ni Xiang, even though they have several branches in Southern Border, there are no longer any Ni clan Gu Immortals.”


Qi He understood why, she nodded: “Becoming an immortal is really difficult, if not for great-uncle’s help, I would have died in the calamity and tribulation already.”


Qi Zai smiled, shaking his head as he said to Qi He with deep meaning: “Actually, Ni clan had the most hope in producing Gu Immortals. But because of that, the other clans obstructed them, resulting in their pitiful state now.”


“Three thousand years after the bet was created, Ni clan had a greatly talented refinement path Gu Immortal, Ni Ren, he was the final Gu Immortal in Ni clan’s history. Before dying, he planned for his clan’s future. He broke the rules of the agreement, helping Ni clan and selecting Immortal Gu to refine into his future descendants’ bloodline.”
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1036: Grudge Qi Mudman

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


“Ah? What does that mean?”


“Once in a while, a Gu Master in Ni clan would awaken their bloodline. If they survive, an Immortal Gu would grow inside their body.”


Qi Zai looked at the clouds in front of them as he continued saying: “Ni Ren did that to help Ni clan produce Gu Immortals. He was talented indeed, by refining Immortal Gu into his descendants’ bloodline, others could not take them away. Even if they tried to reverse refine it, it would fail. And these Immortal Gu were specially chosen and could be used by mortals, although the price would be high.”


Qi He blinked as she felt admiration towards Ni Ren: “If I could have the help of Immortal Gu, I might have been able to survive my calamity and tribulation alone.”


Qi Zai suddenly laughed sinisterly, a cold aura emanating from his body: “Ni Ren worked hard, but in the last few thousand years, there has not been a Gu Immortal from Ni clan. The Immortal Gu that he chose had too high of a cost, even if the mortal controlled an Immortal Gu, and even if it could not be snatched away by others, this was still like a baby holding onto a treasure, how could they be safe?”


“Once someone creates an Immortal Gu in their body among Ni clan, we call them the current generation Ni Xiang. The first Immortal Gu created is an information path Immortal Gu, called ‘Yes or No’. This Gu can get the information from heaven and earth, and be expressed by the Gu Master, but they can only say either yes or no. Every time they answer a question, the Gu Master would expend fifty years of lifespan.”


Qi He’s brows rose: “Fifty years of lifespan? This price is so huge! How can this current generation Ni Xiang do it willingly?”


Qi Zai smiled and did not answer.


Qi He’s body slightly shook.


She had over sixty years of life experience, she had gone through many things, she finally realized what Qi Zai meant when he said this.


“Each answer costs the current generation Ni Xiang fifty years of lifespan, how can they be willing? But great-uncle is a Gu Immortal, while the current generation Ni Xiang is only a mortal, does it matter if they are unwilling?”


“Ni clan is in such a pathetic state now, most likely, they were schemed by Qi clan’s ancestors.”


“And my Qi clan is in a bad state, do the senior Gu Immortals really have no way to help?”


At once, Qi He felt a chill.


In their following journey, Qi He became quiet, no longer speaking.


Qi Zai kept his mouth shut, he was someone who did not speak much to begin with.


Just now, he spoke so much in order to educate the junior, Qi He. Now that she was an immortal, she was one of Qi clan’s Gu Immortals.


This action by Qi clan was by no means righteous. If newly included Gu Immortals had beliefs that did not fit with it, there would inevitably be conflict among the members.


Qi Zai did not speak explicitly, but Qi He had already understood his words.


“Rotten Mud Mountain is not far away. This time, I should let Qi He handle this particular Ni clan. Even if the whole of the Ni clan here is sacrificed, there is no issue.” Thinking of this, Qi Zai’s eyes shined with cold light.


At Qi Zai’s will, the qi grand lion descended.


The scene was filled with white clouds.


Soon, the qi grand lion went below the cloud layer and Qi He’s field of vision expanded, she could see mountains, rivers, and forests below her. She had never seen such a grand sight when she was a mortal, she was quite amazed.


And among these mountains, there was a tall black mountain that was very eye-catching, it stood out among the other mountains.


Even the trees on this mountain were brown-black in color.


“Eh?” As they got closer, Qi Zai’s eyes focused.


Soon, Qi He also found something wrong.


On the east side of the mountain, towards the sun, there was a village.


But now, this village had already turned into ruins. Rivers of blood were everywhere, corpses were piled up on the ground.


Not only were there human corpses, there were also beast corpses.


“What happened?” Qi He cried out.


The qi grand lion slowly landed on this bloody land, as the two Qi clan immortals looked at the battlefield.


The intense smell of blood assaulted their noses. Qi He was unable to bear watching this terrible sight.


Qi Zai had a cold and indifferent expression, he muttered: “Rotten Mud Mountain has a special property in the soil, the blood has not dried yet, evidently, Ni clan was slaughtered less than one or two days ago.”


“Something’s strange. There are many types of wild beasts here, it is not a normal beast tide. Ni clan was really unlucky to have encountered such a beast tide.” Qi He said.


Qi Zai looked on with a cold gaze: “Hmph, what beast tide, this is a man-made disaster! There is only one type of beast tide in Rotten Mud Mountain, that is the mud monster beast tide.”


Qi He was shocked: “What? Who is it, they are so cruel, doing something so immoral!”


But she then thought over it briefly and said: “This person can control a huge number and different types of beasts, they have an amazing method, since when did Southern Border have such an amazing enslavement path Gu Master?”


“Hmph! This person is not a Gu Master, it is a Gu Immortal.” Qi Zai walked to the middle of the village.


At the center of the village ruins, there was a layer of black mud, it was a clear contrast to the surrounding blood.


“This Ni clan has control of a desolate beast mud monster. Although this mud monster is already close to dying, no matter how strong an enslavement path Gu Master they are, the beast tide would not be able to do anything to this desolate beast mud monster. This is the work of a Gu Immortal!” Qi Zai said grimly.


“Gu Immortal?” Qi He did not expect that it was a Gu Immortal.


She felt strange. She had lived for decades without seeing a single Gu Immortal. To think that during her tribulation, she would meet her great-uncle, and now there were traces of another Gu Immortal.


“I am a rank six Gu Immortal now, things are different, the people I can encounter are completely different as well.” Qi He thought to herself.


Qi Zai’s expression was turning grimmer.


He came here to find the current generation Ni Xiang. But now, Ni clan village was completely wiped out, there was little hope of his plan succeeding.


“Hmph! Killing the whole of Ni clan and leaving, I want to see who you really are.”


Qi Zai snorted, deep killing intent appeared: “You think that by doing this, I can’t find you? How can the methods left by Ancestor Qi Xiang be ordinary methods?”


Qi Zai said this as he stretched out his right hand.


Two of the fingers on his right hand curled inwards, only his thumb, index finger, and middle finger were pointed out.


The three fingers tapped at the air, Qi He did not think much of the small movements, but soon, the disturbance caused by this move was huge.


Boom.


The entirety of Rotten Mud Mountain shook, air currents moved and shook intensely, the rubble of the village, like snapped wood and bricks, were blown away by the strong wind.


Qi He took a step back, she was shocked by the huge force created.


Howl howl howl...


Pale green aura rose up in all areas of the battlefield.


At first, there were only a couple dozen of them, but soon, the number of traces of pale green aura rose to hundreds, then thousands, flying in the air. At once, the entire battlefield was covered in green light, it was a grand sight.


“Come.” Qi Zai shouted, three fingers were hooked, resembling a strong eagle claw.


He grabbed at the pale green aura dancing in the air.


The aura was affected by a strong suction force, gathering towards the eagle claw that Qi Zai’s hand resembled.


In a few tens of breaths, the pale green aura in the air was completely gone, having fused into Qi Zai’s hand.


Qi Zai’s hand was no longer of normal color, it had turned into a peculiar jade green.


“Great-uncle, your hand!” Qi He only took a look and felt her body and mind tremble, an intense feeling of grudge assaulted her.


“You have just passed your immortal ascension, you are still very much like a mortal, don’t get close.” Qi Zai instructed, but his voice was still as low and calm as always.


Qi He nodded, taking a few steps back, turning her gaze around.


Next, she heard Qi Zai say: “The pale green aura is the grudge qi that is scattered all over this battlefield. That Gu Immortal killed Ni clan’s entire village, not even letting the children and elderly live, he was truly ruthless. Ni clan did not have a single survivor, they are naturally feeling grudge towards their fate and the person who killed them. The aura is not only left in the battlefield, they are still entangled around the murderer.”


“Go!” Qi Zai shouted.


At the same time, he opened his hand, slamming the pale green hand towards the black mud below him.


In an instant, all of the grudge qi was sent into the mud by Qi Zai’s action.


This was not ordinary mud, it was filled with earth path dao marks from the corpse of the desolate beast mud monster.


“Qi path has a long history, Little He, watch closely, this is one of the signature methods of our Qi clan.” Qi Zai could not conceal his pride.


With a whooshing sound.


The mud rumbled under Qi Zai’s method, forming into a giant mud ball.


The thick mud ball floated in the air, rotating on its own.


On the surface of this mud ball, there were countless faces.


These faces showed anger and hatred.


“Puff!” Qi Zai breathed out, blowing out a breath of mystical aura.


The aura entered the mud ball, as the latter quickly transformed into a monster made from mud.


The mudman shouted: “Kill! I want to kill you!”


Qi He gasped: “A member of Ni clan revived?”


Qi Zai’s method was simply unfathomable in her eyes.


“Ever since fate Gu was broken, the world began to have many revival methods.” Qi Zai explained, turning towards the frenzied mudman monster, asking: “What is your name?”


“Ahhhhh...” The mudman monster was still shouting, its limbs were still moving around, expressing its rage.


Qi Zai frowned, he asked again.


The mudman monster did not listen, it continued cursing: “Murderer! You forced my grandpa to die! I will tear your into shreds!”


Qi Zai snorted as he shifted his thoughts.


The mudman monster was created by him, he could naturally control it.


“Who are you? You are a murderer too! I will also...” The mudman monster’s body shook as if it was hit by lightning, mud was falling off of its body.


The cursing ended, the mudman monster calmed down, looking at Qi Zai and Qi He with its hollow eyes.


Qi Zai let out a breath of air, he knew that this mudman monster had very low intelligence, it was made from grudge qi. Questions could not be asked too rapidly, he had to ask slowly and progressively.


“What is your name?”


“Ni Jian!” The mudman monster shouted.


Qi Zai misinterpreted his words as ‘you bastard 1 ‘, his eyes shined with cold light as he waved his sleeves while snorting.


With a splat, the mudman monster broke apart, turning into a pile of mud on the ground.
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1037: Difficulties of Three Parties

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


Qi Zai snorted, pointing his finger as the mud gathered into a mud ball again.


On the surface of the mud ball, there were countless faces filled with hatred. Even though it was silent, this scene made Qi He feel a cold chill internally.


Qi Zai waved his sleeve as the mud ball turned back into a mud monster again.


Qi Zai gasped lightly, thinking: “This is the grudge qi from earlier. I had already dispelled this grudge qi once, but it could show up again by suppressing the other grudge qi and regaining form. It seems its owner had felt an immense grudge before dying.”


Qi Zai asked again: “What is your name?”


“Ni Jian.”


This time, Qi Zai heard him clearly.


Thus, he continued asking: “How old are you?”


“Fifteen.”


Qi Zai asked as the mud monster answered.


Qi Zai’s questions gradually became more in depth and more difficult.


As time passed, after a while, Qi Zai finally learned what had happened in Ni clan.


A mysterious Gu Immortal had controlled the beasts and attacked Ni clan village. His motive was like that of Qi Zai, it was to find the current generation Ni Xiang.


But unlike Qi Zai, he did not know who the current generation Ni Xiang was.


Thus, he used the lives of the entire village to threaten and force the current generation Ni Xiang out.


Without a choice, the Ni clan leader had to step up.


As it turned out, he was the current generation Ni Xiang who had yes or no Immortal Gu in his body.


The Gu Immortal was overjoyed, forcing the Ni clan leader to use yes or no Immortal Gu and answer his question. He promised that as long as he received a satisfactory answer, he would spare Ni clan village.


In order to protect the entire clan, the Ni clan leader chose to believe the Gu Immortal and sacrificed himself.


After the mysterious Gu Immortal obtained the answer he wanted, he went back on his words and ordered the beasts to attack the village.


Ni clan village felt furious and bore deep hatred, they resisted but fell back rapidly, suffering great losses due to the huge beast group.


At the moment of life and death, the desolate beast mud monster that Qi Zai subdued came to save them.


It turned out that the Ni clan villages that were scattered all over Southern Border were purposely preserved by Qi clan’s Gu Immortals. Qi Zai was in charge of Rotten Mud Mountain, once in a while, he would do a check, thus, he knew that the current generation Ni Xiang was Ni clan leader.


He had subdued a desolate beast mud monster in a swamp of the mountain, leaving his will in it. This will manipulated the mud monster to protect Ni clan from mishaps.


As the incident occurred, the mud monster rushed to the scene and protected Ni clan.


But the mysterious Gu Immortal was very strong, he attacked personally and killed the mud monster after many attacks.


Once the mud monster died, Ni clan’s remaining clansmen were submerged by the beast group, not a single person survived.


The peaceful Ni clan village had been turned into a ruin, corpses were everywhere, it was a pitiful sight.


Days later, at this moment when Qi Zai and Qi He arrived, they found out about this.


This Ni Jian was the young clan leader of the village, the grandson of the Ni clan leader. he had lost his parents at a young age, he was brought up by his grandfather and was carefully nurtured, they had a close relationship.


His grandfather was forced into death by the enemy, and the enemy even went back on his word and killed the entire village, including himself.


After he died, his soul was taken away, only his deep grudge was remaining and did not dissipate.


Qi Zai asked one question at a time, Ni Jian had a deep impression of Fang Yuan, he said everything he knew.


According to his answer, Qi Zai obtained an idea of Fang Yuan’s appearance.


This was a short but muscular old man, he had a black and white beard, he looked tough like steel nails. He was yellow skinned and had small eyes, his teeth were unevenly positioned.


“Who is this?” Qi Zai searched through his memories, but he did not recognize this person.


Of course he did not.


Fang Yuan was a vigilant person, even when facing unthreatening mortal Gu Masters, he still disguised himself and changed his appearance.


Actually, even if Qi Zai had appeared personally and saw Fang Yuan, he would not be able to expose his disguise.


Because not long ago, Fang Yuan had already obtained enough Gu worms via Lang Ya land spirit to use the immortal killer move, familiar face.


“This Gu Immortal is likely a secluded cultivator in Southern Border... sigh, it is a time of unrest!” Qi Zai sighed to himself.


Ever since the gambling contest on Yi Tian Mountain, a large number of Southern Border’s Gu Immortals had died for some reason.


And these Southern Border Gu Immortals who died were mostly those who controlled certain areas in Southern Border, they had control of countless cultivation resources.


This way, a power vacuum was created.


Many lurking Gu Immortals who were normally rarely seen started appearing one by one.


“This person had to attack the desolate beast mud monster many times, he does not have outstanding strength, he is likely to be a rank six Gu Immortal. He actually knows about the current generation Ni Xiang, this secret is not known by Wu clan or Shang clan. Is he the descendant of one of the other three Xiangs?”


Qi Zai hesitated for a moment before deciding to pursue him.


Qi clan was already in sight of victory regarding the ancient bet by the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs. But at this final juncture, a mysterious Gu Immortal appeared, this matter was extremely important, even more than investigating the deceased Qi clan Gu Immortal, he, Qi Zai, had to pursue it!


Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land.


Guh.


A basin of cold water was poured on Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s face.


Fang Zheng, who was unconscious, shuddered, waking up instantly.


“Where... is this?” He opened his eyes, realizing that he was in a cage, as a captive.


And around him, there were two hairy men wearing armor.


One of them was carrying an empty basin, there was still water droplets inside.


The other was holding a leather whip, sneering.


“Who are you? Where is this?” Fang Zheng struggled intensely, but he was tied up and could not move.


“Kid, you are finally awake? You seem pretty lively.” A hairy man prison guard said as he raised his leather whip, swinging it.


With a loud cracking sound.


The leather whip landed on Fang Zheng’s chest, an intense pain assaulted him.


His thin shirt was torn from the lashing, blood flowed out of his wound, dripping down.


Fang Zheng sucked in a deep breath, his face was distorted as he screamed loudly.


“What are you screaming for?!” The hairy man prison guard had a fierce expression, he whipped again.


This lash hit his face, he was disfigured.


Fang Zheng screamed in pain again.


The hairy man prison guard was even more excited now, he kept whipping as he spat out saliva: “Dog shit human, go ahead and scream, scream!”


Fang Zheng was tortured and felt anguished, he was abused terribly.


With the intense waves of pain assaulting him, he finally remembered: He was originally imprisoned in Hu Immortal blessed land by his brother, Fang Yuan, but one day, a large group of hairy men came and brought him away.


“What happened? What in the world happened?” Fang Zheng was confused.


But he was not confused for long, the pain soon caused him to faint.


“He fainted, this lad is really weak.”


“Hehe, pour some more cold water, wake him up!”


The two hairy men laughed sinisterly.


The bone chilling water was poured over Fang Zheng again.


Fang Zheng’s body spasmed, he opened his eyes slowly.


His consciousness was returning, but the pain in his body was becoming clearer and more intense.


The hairy man who whipped Fang Zheng took a huge step forward and stood in front of Fang Zheng.


Next, he stretched out his hairy arm, grabbing Fang Zheng’s face, gritting his teeth: “Lad, don’t think of surviving after ending up in our hands. Nobody will save you! Hu Immortal blessed land has already been taken over by our great hairy man Gu Immortals, your brother died in battle already.”


“Cooperate with us and we will let you die peacefully without much torture. Tell us, how much do you know about Hu Immortal blessed land? How much do you know about your brother’s secrets?”


Fang Zheng heard this and felt that his mind was quaking.


He was in a daze, looking at the hairy men in shock, he cried out: “What? Fang Yuan is dead?!”


“Hmph, he was attacked by our hairy man Gu Immortals, as a mere immortal zombie, how could he not die? He has already been torn to shreds, hahaha.”


“Us hairy men are not to be trifled with. One day, we will attack and trample all humans under our feet!”


The two hairy man prison guards laughed.


Fang Zheng knew little about Gu Immortals, he was convinced by these two.


His gaze was empty, he was dejected.


Central Continent, deep in Earth Abyss.


In a dark room, Hei Lou Lan was sitting with her eyes shut.


The door opened, Ying Wu Xie stood outside.


Hei Lou Lan opened her eyes slowly, she did not speak, only looking at him.


Frankly speaking, the result of the battle of Yi Tian Mountain was out of Hei Lou Lan’s expectations. Seeing this familiar ‘Fang Yuan’, Hei Lou Lan had complex emotions.


“I have decided.” Ying Wu Xie said, breaking the silence.


“Oh? I am listening.” Hei Lou Lan said.


She knew that the judgment of whether she lived or died had come.


If Ying Wu Xie was unwilling to get rid of the alliance agreement for her, she would definitely be killed. Evidently, since Ying Wu Xie exposed his identity, he would not allow Fang Yuan’s ally to stay around him.


If Ying Wu Xie decided to get rid of the alliance agreement and recruit Hei Lou Lan, she would be able to live.


Ying Wu Xie had hesitated for a long time.


He wanted to use Hei Lou Lan to deal with Fang Yuan by getting rid of the alliance agreement only on her end. But Fairy Li Shan had deep information path attainment, and with Fang Yuan’s meticulous planning, Ying Wu Xie’s plan failed before it even begun.


Hei Lou Lan’s value fell greatly.


After all, Hei Lou Lan and Shadow Sect had a deep grudge.


If breaking Hei Lou Lan’s information path alliance agreement was the same as releasing Fang Yuan from it, he would have to use a new alliance agreement to restrict Hei Lou Lan.


If he gave up on it, he would kill Hei Lou Lan. Even though he could not obtain her Gu worms, her immortal aperture and the Great Strength True Martial Physique would remain. That way, Fang Yuan would still be bound by the alliance agreement, it could be used against him later.


After considering the costs and benefits, Ying Wu Xie made his decision.


He opened his mouth slowly.


Undoubtedly.


At the next moment, his words would determine Hei Lou Lan’s life or death!
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1038: Rushing to Refine Fixed Immortal Travel

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


Green light flickered, red light shined like fire.


The two lights fused, growing and weakening in intervals.


The light faded gradually, the center of the formation turned into darkness again.


Hei Lou Lan floated in the air in a sitting position, she opened her eyes, admiration flashed across her shocked gaze.


“Ying Wu Xie belongs to Shadow Sect, he is a subordinate of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. I had thought that he would use soul path or dark path methods to get rid of the information path dao marks on me. To think that he used light path, this shows how unfathomable Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and Shadow Sect are, little aunt’s information path attainment was already quasi-great grandmaster. But Shadow Sect could actually break it using this light path Gu formation...”


Hei Lou Lan’s evaluation of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and Shadow Sect rose by another level.


The scene she viewed changed, in an instant, Hei Lou Lan had returned to the room she was in previously.


“I have already removed all of the information path dao marks on you.” Ying Wu Xie stood at the side, saying calmly.


After careful consideration, Ying Wu Xie decided to preserve Hei Lou Lan’s life.


After all, his biggest mission now was not to deal with Fang Yuan, it was to pick up the pieces and rebuild Shadow Sect, he had to save Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s main body.


Fang Yuan was a secondary goal.


Even though Ying Wu Xie hated Fang Yuan to the core, he would not lose his reasoning due to hatred.


Precisely because of this, he knew his primary objective and decided to make Hei Lou Lan a member of his after some hesitation.


She was a talented person.


Great Strength True Martial Physique, with Ying Wu Xie’s knowledge, and with some teaching, she would be a capable force in his hands.


Hei Lou Lan inspected her body.


She did not have any methods to observe her own dao marks, after inspecting herself, she saw nothing wrong with her body. Of course, the emphasis was on her soul.


But everyone knew that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was the founder of soul path!


Ying Wu Xie smiled lightly: “The old agreement is gone, you have a new alliance agreement now. From now on, you are my subordinate, you have to listen to my orders, you are not to defy me or hide anything from me.”


Hei Lou Lan snorted coldly, not showing any respect to Ying Wu Xie.


Since Ying Wu Xie could get rid of her alliance agreement, his methods were proven to be superior to Fairy Li Shan.


From now on, Hei Lou Lan no longer had freedom, she had to listen to every order from Ying Wu Xie.


But...


For Hei Lou Lan, this was a helpless choice that she had to accept.


The situation was not in her favor, if she resisted, she would die.


As for the fact that she betrayed her ally Fang Yuan, Hei Lou Lan felt zero remorse. Her relationship with Fang Yuan originally was about scheming against each other for benefits, they were just making use of one another.


In fact, she even felt hatred towards Fang Yuan!


“What do you want me to do next? Lure Fang Yuan here? I have stargate Gu, I can travel the five regions using black heaven.” Hei Lou Lan said plainly.


Without the alliance agreement, she exposed Fang Yuan’s secrets without mercy.


But Ying Wu Xie shook his head, he said regretfully: “I’m not afraid to tell you that Shadow Sect has a spy in Lang Ya blessed land. We know about stargate Gu, even though this Gu is amazing, it is effective on rank six bottom tier Gu Immortals at best. It cannot even transport a single Immortal Gu, you will be no match for the current Fang Yuan.”


Ying Wu Xie obtained Spectral Soul’s guidance in the Red Lotus true inheritance, he knew a lot of secrets regarding sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


He understood clearly that Fang Yuan’s new body had a larger number of dao marks. Fire path, water path, wind path, all of his paths had at least a hundred dao marks.


That meant that the cumulative number of dao marks that he had exceeded a thousand for sure.


With so many dao marks, Fang Yuan could not use stargate Gu.


“The next step of my plan is to refine Fixed Immortal Travel.” Ying Wu Xie said.


Hei Lou Lan’s eyes shined with bright light, she nodded.


She knew about Fixed Immortal Travel, this Immortal Gu was very useful, it was very wise of Ying Wu Xie to refine it first.


“Fixed Immortal Travel has just been destroyed, there is a high chance of succeeding the refinement. But to refine Fixed Immortal Travel, you will need divine travel Gu, and to get divine travel Gu, you will need four top tier liquors within the world...”


Before Hei Lou Lan finished, Ying Wu Xie interrupted her: “Divine travel Gu is in Lang Ya land spirit’s hands. However, even though Immortal Gu like Fixed Immortal Travel are unique, there isn’t only one possible Gu recipe. A city has multiple gates to enter it, the same goes for Immortal Gu.”


Hei Lou Lan was curious: “This means you have a new recipe to refine Fixed Immortal Travel?”


“Of course.” Ying Wu Xie smiled.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was invincible in the world when he was alive, his accumulation and foundation was immense, and after his death he created Shadow Sect.


Spectral Soul’s will inside the Red Lotus true inheritance had formulated a series of plans for Ying Wu Xie relating to Fixed Immortal Travel. As the core of the plan, Fixed Immortal Travel naturally could not have issues. Thus, Ying Wu Xie had three Immortal Gu recipes of Fixed Immortal Travel in his mind.


All of them could be used to refine Fixed Immortal Travel!


Southern Border.


Fang Yuan traveled in the mountains.


He had just slaughtered Ni clan village singlehandedly, right now, he was traveling as he assessed his gains and losses from the battle.


Experiences were lessons.


Only by sorting out one’s experiences could they learn from those experiences, allowing their foundation to rise and become more stable.


Ni clan’s Gu Masters were not a concern, Fang Yuan only used some enslavement path methods to summon the huge number of beasts and trample over the village.


No matter how many mortals there were, Fang Yuan did not need to attack personally.


What made Fang Yuan fight was the desolate beast mud monster.


This mud monster gave Fang Yuan a lot of problems before he killed it.


In this battle, Fang Yuan learned a lot about his weakness.


“Even though I have rank seven sword path Gu, the immortal essence expenditure is too high!”


Gu worms and Gu Masters both had nine ranks, since ancient times, there was a common understanding in the cultivation world, that was, the Gu Master and Gu worm’s rank should be equal. When the Gu worm’s rank was too low, the Gu Master would not be able to use their full strength. When the Gu worm’s rank was too high, the Gu Master would also be unable to use their full strength.


Because, if the Gu worm had a higher rank, the Gu Master would be like a baby holding a hammer, not only would it be difficult to use it to harm foes, the Gu Master themselves may also receive damage when using the hammer.


Like earlier, when Fang Yuan used his rank seven sword path Gu against the desolate beast mud monster, he felt a sense of helplessness.


Every time he used his sword path Gu, the expended green grape immortal essence exceeded a hundred beads.


Fang Yuan’s nine-five sovereign immortal aperture could only produce sixteen beads of immortal essence a day, it was not enough for one activation.


Thankfully, he had taken a sum of immortal essence stones from Lang Ya land spirit to replenish his immortal essence. Otherwise, in Ni clan village, he would face much greater problems when dealing with the mud monster.


“I was hesitant earlier, but now it seems I must reverse refine these rank seven sword path Immortal Gu.”


Fang Yuan sighed internally.


The higher the rank of the Gu worm, the rarer they were, and the more valuable they were.


But in Fang Yuan’s situation, he had no choice but to reverse refine these rank seven Immortal Gu and turn them into rank six.


This way, they would suit Fang Yuan better and he could use them as he wished.


“My refinement path attainment is so-so. I should ask Lang Ya land spirit to do the Immortal Gu reverse refinement for me.”


“Even though his personality changed, he is still Long Hair Ancestor’s obsession, as long as I pay the sect contribution points, he will do it.”


Fang Yuan analyzed in his mind.


Reverse refining Immortal Gu, even though the success rate was higher than normal refinement, there was still a possibility of failing, and it was high.


Thus, it was better to ask Lang Ya land spirit to do it instead of Fang Yuan himself.


“I wonder how many of these rank seven sword path Immortal Gu I would have left after all of them are reverse refined?”


“Even if all of them are left, just these sword path Immortal Gu would not be enough.”


Fang Yuan thought about the battle against the desolate beast mud monster again.


Even though he used rank seven sword path Immortal Gu, the enemy was a mud monster.


Mud monsters were different from other beasts. Ordinary desolate beasts had flesh and blood, they had bones and skin, they had obvious weaknesses.


But mud monsters were made of mud, but because the mud was filled with earth path dao marks, they became different from normal mud.


Fang Yuan’s flying sword Immortal Gu was specialized in dealing fatal blows, once used, a three meter long silver sword would fly out, even though it was sharp and could easily pierce the mud monster, it could not deal much damage.


Thus, in that battle, even though Fang Yuan had the advantage, he was very unhappy.


Eventually, even though he won, the expended green grape immortal essence greatly exceeded Fang Yuan’s bottom line.


“Flying sword Immortal Gu was the most commonly used Immortal Gu of Bo Qing, using it as the core, he created many immortal killer moves to deal with many situations. Earlier, if I had a sword path immortal killer move, I would be able to split flying sword Immortal Gu into countless swords, sending down a rain of them, the mud monster would not last one hit!”


Thus, Fang Yuan not only needed to reverse refine the sword path Immortal Gu, he also needed to collect sword path killer moves.


As for creating them himself, he could forget about it.


He could not use wisdom Gu, or at least, he did not find the method yet, and his sword path attainment was almost nonexistent.


If not for these available sword path Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan would have tried to use blood path, strength path, or time path already.


After pondering, Fang Yuan stopped traveling, sitting down on a rock.


He contracted Lang Ya land spirit.


Right now, Lang Ya land spirit was not so interested in refining Gu, his focus was on expanding the hairy men race and trampling over humans, making hairy men the overlords of the five regions.


But when Fang Yuan was willing to use his sect contribution points to ask the land spirit to do it, he agreed.


As for sword path killer moves, Lang Ya blessed land had many in its collection.


The original Lang Ya land spirit spent all his time researching Gu recipes and refining Gu. He had researched sword path Gu as well, these killer moves were things that Lang Ya land spirit used for research.


Looking over them, Fang Yuan could not decide what killer move to get.


He changed the topic: “First supreme elder, I am willing to use the final opportunity to ask you to refine an Immortal Gu.”


Even though Lang Ya land spirit had changed, the agreement between Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Long Hair Ancestor still had to be fulfilled.


Fang Yuan had already used two chances, asking Lang Ya land spirit to refine stargate Gu and second aperture Gu. Now, he made up his mind, using the final chance.


“Oh? What Immortal Gu?” The land spirit asked.


Fang Yuan’s answer was quick and simple —


“Fixed Immortal Travel!”
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1039: Dark Assassination

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


“Fixed Immortal Travel?” Lang Ya land spirit was surprised, asking hesitantly.


Fang Yuan knew what his concern was, it was that Immortal Gu were unique.


He replied to the land spirit calmly: “Don’t worry, I am mostly sure that Fixed Immortal Travel no longer exists in the world.”


He had approached the current generation Ni Xiang, asking a question about Fixed Immortal Travel and other Immortal Gu.


Fang Yuan asked: Fixed Immortal Travel, Spring Autumn Cicada... and other Immortal Gu, were all of them either destroyed or preserved?


Current generation Ni Xiang answered: No.


Thus, Fang Yuan confirmed two details.


The first was that some of the Immortal Gu including Fixed Immortal Travel were still remaining, while some were destroyed.


The second was that Ying Wu Xie had most likely discovered and broken the arrangements on his original body.


The current generation Ni Xiang was already over fifty years old, after using yes or no Immortal Gu once, he expended fifty years of lifespan. Thus, after answering one question, Ni clan’s old clan leader died on the spot.


But this answer had already helped Fang Yuan greatly.


“In the worst case scenario, Ying Wu Xie has already broken my arrangements, he would hide himself and prevent me from finding him. He might not even be in Southern Border anymore.”


“I am unable to contact Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, these two have either turned to his side or been killed by him.”


“I wonder which Immortal Gu in my original body have already been destroyed? It is most likely that Fixed Immortal Travel is already destroyed, because the special will that I designed would destroy it first.”


Fang Yuan made such an arrangement earlier because he was wary of Fixed Immortal Travel’s power, and also because he was afraid that he could not retrieve the special will in time after getting back his body, thus he set them to self-detonate one by one.


“The most likely thing is that after Fixed Immortal Travel was destroyed, Ying Wu Xie found there were problems and used methods to seal the other Immortal Gu temporarily.”


“The two of us have swapped souls, his situation is worse than mine, he has no Gu worms to manipulate. But to think he could seal my Immortal Gu, that means he either deceived Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng or used the remaining forces Shadow Sect has.”


Since Shadow Sect was created by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and was in operation for tens of thousands of years, it was natural that they had remaining forces. Fang Yuan had already expected this.


“Shadow Sect exists in all five regions, even Zombie Alliance was a subsidiary force of Shadow Sect. The battle of Yi Tian Mountain happened in Southern Border, most likely, Shadow Sect’s forces in Southern Border suffered the greatest loss, while the other four regions are less affected.”


“If Fixed Immortal Travel is already destroyed, Ying Wu Xie can’t deal with me using just Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng. He would need to gather Shadow Sect’s remaining forces and come at me after he is prepared. Thus, he also wants to refine Fixed Immortal Travel.”


Fang Yuan’s new body was outstanding.


When he thought about things, inspiration flowed with ease, there were no obstacles.


And for him, Fixed Immortal Travel was also something he needed urgently.


Because of the regional walls, and the fact that stargate Gu had no effect on his new body, Fixed Immortal Travel was the best tool for him to travel the five regions.


“As long as I have Fixed Immortal Travel, I can return to Lang Ya blessed land directly and store all of the Immortal Gu with me.”


“My earlier cultivation resources can also be placed into the nine-five sovereign immortal aperture.”


“I can even go into Earth Abyss and devour Star Form blessed land!”


No matter which one it was, it would greatly increase Fang Yuan’s strength.


But not only was treasure yellow heaven too open and would lure many greedy people to Fang Yuan if he used it for transportation, just the processing fee that it charged was too high.


If Fang Yuan used treasure yellow heaven to transport the rank eight wisdom sword Gu, all of his savings would be expended, and it would not be enough.


“Are you sure you want to refine Fixed Immortal Travel?” Lang Ya land spirit asked again.


Fang Yuan sensed something amiss, he frowned: “What, is this out of your capability?”


Lang Ya land spirit shook his head: “I am not going to go back on my agreement with Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable. But even though I have divine travel Gu and the other supplementary Gu materials, I lack the most critical material. Can you guess what it is?”


Fang Yuan thought and frowned: “Is it the light of the immemorial era?”


“That’s right.” Lang Ya land spirit answered: “No matter which Gu recipe you try to use to refine Fixed Immortal Travel, in all of them, the most crucial material is the light of the immemorial era. Light is something hard to capture and store. The Immemorial Antiquity Era... it is earlier than the Olden Antiquity and Remote Antiquity Era, it is the time when Ren Zu was alive. Back then, in the entire world, the only humans were Ren Zu and his ten children.”


“Not a single Gu recipe will work?” Fang Yuan knew that Lang Ya land spirit would not lie, but he was unwilling to give up.


“Of course!” Lang Ya land spirit replied firmly: “I have two fixed immortal travel Immortal Gu recipes. I have seen more than ten Fixed Immortal Travel remnant recipes, no matter which one, they cannot avoid the light of the immemorial era. The only difference is the amount of light needed in each recipe.”


“Fixed Immortal Travel is a precious Gu, it has great use. If not for this, it would have been refined long ago, how could you have the chance?”


Fang Yuan heard this and realized how lucky he was back then when refining Fixed Immortal Travel.


The light of the immemorial era at that time was formed using the extreme light Gu in Xiao Mang’s hands.


But now, Xiao Mang was dead already.


Because Xiao Shan and Xiao Mang were pawns of Xiao clan’s supreme elder.


These two were potential Gu Immortals, but yet they were mortals and simply pawns. Even after dying, they did not realize the truth of Yi Tian Mountain.


Once Xiao Mang died, extreme light Gu was destroyed as well.


“Xiao Mang is dead, his soul was not even spared, how can I get the light of the immemorial era? First supreme elder, if you use the light of wisdom, would you be able to deduce a recipe that does not use the light of the immemorial era?” Fang Yuan asked again.


Involving a rank nine Immortal Gu, Lang Ya land spirit was uncertain, he was only a rank eight Gu Immortal even during his life.


Even if he helped two venerables refine Gu, he was not clear about the exact details of wisdom Gu.


“Forget it, even if the light of wisdom can be used to create an Immortal Gu recipe without the light of the immemorial era, I am no longer an immortal zombie, I cannot use it. I should go to Xiao clan and check, Xiao Mang’s extreme light Gu was found in a graveyard, I might find some clues there.”


Fang Yuan ended the conversation with Lang Ya land spirit.


He changed directions and rushed to Xiao clan.


But before ending their talk, he did not forget to pass the souls from killing Ni clan to Lang Ya land spirit.


Next, he asked for a list from Lang Ya land spirit.


The list was a request for the sword path killer moves in Lang Ya Sect.


Fang Yuan rushed to Xiao clan as he inspected these killer moves.


Even though there were a number of sword path killer moves, most of them were mortal killer moves, there were only three immortal killer moves.


Among them, one was an incomplete immortal killer move, like a remnant Immortal Gu recipe, it had a lot of value in research, but could not be used directly.


Among the other two, one was for movement, another was for attack.


The movement immortal killer move was called ‘sword flash thunder sound’, it only used two core Immortal Gu, they were flash sword Gu and rumbling thunder Gu.


The offensive immortal killer move was called ‘dark assassination’, there were also two core Immortal Gu, flying sword Immortal Gu and dark limit Immortal Gu.


Seeing the familiar dark limit Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan sighed internally.


A long time ago, he had once sought this Immortal Gu, but he did not succeed.


After Fairy Jiang Yu died, dark limit Immortal Gu was destroyed as well.


“If I had dark limit Immortal Gu, together with flying sword Immortal Gu, I would be able to use this dark assassination. It is a pity...”


While Fang Yuan was thinking, a voice came from afar: “Friend, please wait.”


Fang Yuan turned around and saw a desolate beast qi grand lion running over, there was a huge red chair on the lion’s back, two Gu Immortals were seated.


Central Continent, Earth Abyss.


The soul beast howled, emitting a wretched growl.


“Be careful, soul howl Immortal Gu has activated again!” Ying Wu Xie warned.


A formless sound wave created air currents in the air, sweeping towards Ying Wu Xie, Hei Lou Lan, and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


The three had no choice but to retreat gradually.


This wild soul howl Immortal Gu was rank seven, living inside a soul beast. Ying Wu Xie, Hei Lou Lan, and Tai Bai Yun Sheng forced the soul beast into a dangerous situation, the Immortal Gu reacted and unleashed its power, giving the soul beast enough time and space to retaliate.


“How can this be? This soul beast is only a desolate beast, how can it have a wild rank seven Gu?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s seven orifices were bleeding as he called out.


The other two were in bad shape as well, their heads were spinning, their souls were heavily injured.


Ying Wu Xie’s expression was ugly.


It was truly a crisis out of nowhere.


Earlier, it was still fine, but suddenly, a soul beast charged into Shadow Sect’s territory.


“The activation of soul howl Immortal Gu does not require immortal essence, it uses the foundation of the soul. This desolate soul beast must have been at ancient desolate level earlier. It had escaped after going through intense battle and because soul howl Immortal Gu activated, it fell from an ancient desolate beast to a desolate beast.”


Ying Wu Xie answered Tai Bai Yun Sheng with a hoarse voice.


At the same time, two words appeared in his mind — heaven’s will!


“My Shadow Sect’s plan failed, and I defied heaven’s will, after rebirth, I did not go to Fang Yuan and perish together with him. Thus, heaven’s will is coming after me now.”


The way of heaven emphasized on balance between all living beings.


Earlier, Shadow Sect was hidden and tried to evade heaven’s will, they operated in secret and faced less obstruction.


But now, Ying Wu Xie was completely exposed, heaven’s will prepared and lured the soul beast to them.


“Heaven’s will is everywhere!”


“Back then, when Fang Yuan refined Fixed Immortal Travel, it arranged the situation for him nicely, sending the light of the immemorial era to him. Now, it is trying to eliminate me.”


“Do I really need to destroy the Spring Autumn Cicada in my body?”


Ying Wu Xie was hesitant.


“We cannot get close to this soul beast! At this point, why are you still concealing your strength? Why aren’t you using the Gu formation?” Hei Lou Lan transmitted, urging.
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1040: Fang Yuan versus Qi Zai

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


“Friend, please wait.” From the desolate beast qi grand lion, Qi Zai’s voice came over.


Fang Yuan stopped and gazed back.


After he was far away from Rotten Mud Mountain, he had dispelled the immortal killer move familiar face.


Rank eight Immortal Gu attitude Gu consumed mental energy, if it were maintained for a long time, it would wear out Fang Yuan’s mind.


Moreover, because Fang Yuan’s modified familiar face lacked change form Immortal Gu, it led to an increase in the quantity of the Gu worms, with over a thousand supplementary mortal Gu, and it also required more time and concentration to activate these Gu worms.


So when Qi Zai saw Fang Yuan from afar, he did not feel he was the culprit, he only had some doubts at most.


As they got closer, Qi He also saw Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan wore a white robe and looked like he was not marred by a speck of dust, his skin was white like snow and his eyes twinkled like stars, with long dark hair that reached down to his waist.


Even though Qi He was already old, over fifty years old, when she saw Fang Yuan, her eyes brightened and she thought: “This Gu Immortal senior has such a refined and graceful bearing, and sagely demeanor, I have rarely seen anything like it before in my life!”


“Senior, why did you call me?” Fang Yuan’s expression was tranquil as he asked this with his fists cupped in front of him.


He did not use familiar face and his rank six cultivation level was clearly displayed.


While Qi Zai was emitting rank seven aura.


In this world, the strong were respected, Fang Yuan’s greeting was natural and graceful. If he had his hands behind his back and showed an arrogant attitude, that would be unusual behavior.


Qi Zai also inwardly praised Fang Yuan’s conduct, his expression softening slightly as he said: “It is only to verify some things.”


He then shook his sleeve, from where a mud ball shot out.


The mud ball started expanding and soon turned into the size of an elephant. After another transformation, it turned into the shape of Ni Jian.


Fang Yuan’s gaze became slightly dark.


Ni Jian gazed towards Fang Yuan, at first he had a puzzled look, it soon turned into incomparably intense hatred.


Fang Yuan’s appearance was hugely different, but deep down, a sense of intuition told Ni Jian that the young man in front of him was the culprit!


“It’s you, it’s you! You demon, you forced my grandpa to die and even slaughtered my whole clan.”


As he said this, Ni Jian charged towards Fang Yuan.


“Oh?” Qi Zai’s expression changed, his gaze turning cold as he sized up Fang Yuan again.


Fang Yuan felt Qi Zai’s gaze piercing his body like a needle.


With a cold snort, Fang Yuan waved his arm and immediately clouds started to surge out, covering the scenery as he quickly made his retreat.


“Sure enough, there are an endless number of methods developed by Gu Immortals, it’s virtually impossible to defend against all of them effectively. They could actually find me?”


The enemy was a rank seven Gu Immortal, of a higher rank than Fang Yuan.


There was no doubt that this was a strong enemy.


Fang Yuan immediately had the intention to retreat.


“Stop!” Qi Zai shouted as he noticed this. His right hand took on the shape of an eagle claw and swept ferociously at the clouds and the mist in the sky.


Swoosh!


It was like the sound of a huge wave.


The clouds and the mist that filled the sky instantly dissipated.


Fang Yuan who was still retreating, was exposed.


Qi Zai faced Fang Yuan and opened his mouth, inhaling air.


Fang Yuan immediately felt an enormous suction force over his whole body, causing his speed to rapidly decline.


At this moment, the mudman, Ni Jian, had already flown close to him.


Fang Yuan’s gaze flashed, his expression was indifferent.


“Die!” Ni Jian punched his fist, it caused a gust of wind to blow!


The fist’s momentum was terrifying, as if it would destroy anything it struck.


Ni Jian was originally only a rank two Gu Master, but after being killed by the beast group, he was revived as a mudman by Qi Zai using a mud monster corpse.


His strength had thus increased rapidly and was at the level of a desolate beast, and could match ordinary rank six Gu Immortals.


Just from this, one could see how strange and terrifying the rank seven Gu Immortal Qi Zai’s method was.


Ni Jian’s fist ruthlessly charged at Fang Yuan.


But the next moment, Fang Yuan’s figure dispersed, turning into clouds and mist.


Qi He exclaimed in surprise as she had not expected such a scene.


Qi Zai, however, showed no surprise on his face, he looked to his right as he flicked his finger.


Mortal killer move — Divine Flick.


A pellet of qi, the size of a thumb, moved towards Fang Yuan so quickly that he actually was not able to dodge it.


This time, his real body was exposed.


Qi Zai let out a breath.


Immediately, a thick and translucent rotating current of qi appeared around Ni Jian’s waist. The current of qi constantly revolved around his waist, and Ni Jian’s speed was multiplied a few times over.


“Hand over your life!” Ni Jian roared as he once again charged towards Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan frowned.


His whole body was covered in lion fur armor, the divine flick just now did not cause him any harm and only forced him to appear.


“A qi path Gu Immortal....” He thought to himself.


The history of qi path was older than even strength path, and its decline was also much more extreme than strength path.


Fang Yuan had not expected he would actually run into a rare qi path Gu Immortal in Southern Border.


No wonder he was chased and the truth of his massacre of Ni clan was exposed. In qi path, there naturally were secret methods passed down over countless years which Fang Yuan did not understand clearly.


“I only massacred Ni clan, what does it have to do with these two Gu Immortals? In my previous life’s memories, there were no Gu Immortal ancestors of Ni clan around.” Fang Yuan was puzzled.


“Ahhhhhhhh!” Ni Jian charged over once again.


Fang Yuan was starting to feel a slight headache.


He had already fought against a desolate beast mud monster, they did not have any fatal weakness.


Even using the rank seven flying sword Immortal Gu had little effect.


But this did not mean Fang Yuan had no way to deal with it.


He swayed lightly as he pounced forward, he raised his hands, which were covered in a layer of cold white frost.


Fang Yuan lightly struck Ni Jian’s body with his palms.


Ni Jian’s offensive was crude, while Fang Yuan’s movement was like a leaf swaying in the wind, nimble and graceful.


Ni Jian was quite lacking in battle experience, he was not able to even touch Fang Yuan’s clothes.


On the contrary, Fang Yuan’s moves were nimble and refined, his frosted palms continuously striking Ni Jian’s body.


Soon, Ni Jian was covered in a layer of white frost, his speed sharply reduced, moreover the translucent current of qi rotating around his waist had already been dissipated by Fang Yuan’s attacks.


Fang Yuan had Immortal Gu but they were all rank seven, he could not use them lightly.


So he used the mortal killer move, lion fur armor, to pass this hurdle.


And the surging clouds before as well as his current hands of frost were both superior mortal killer moves.


The former originated from Tai Bai Yun Sheng, while the latter was obtained from Xue Song Zi.


Tai Bai Yun Sheng primarily cultivated time path while cultivating cloud path as a secondary path, he would often spar with Fang Yuan, and Fang Yuan was thus able to grasp his mortal methods.


And before his rebirth, Fang Yuan had captured and searched Xue Song Zi’s soul.


Back then, Xue Song Zi’s soul had been tampered by Shadow Sect’s side, Fang Yuan could not get information about Shadow Sect (Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was, after all, the founder of soul path), however, Xue Song Zi’s own process of growth during life, his cultivation insights and other experiences of his were all probed out by Fang Yuan.


These were all used by Fang Yuan.


As for the Gu worms needed for the mortal killer moves, they were all taken from Lang Ya land spirit.


And when Fang Yuan massacred Ni clan, he had freely practiced with them against the desolate beast mud monster.


Qi Zai’s expression sank when he saw Ni Jian, with rank six battle strength, being toyed around by Fang Yuan, he again used his mortal killer move, divine flick, to send out countless pellets of qi.


These pellets of wi were extremely fast, Fang Yuan was only able to dodge a few before he could not dodge anymore, and had to use his lion fur armor to block them head on.


Lion fur armor had extremely strong defense, somewhat surpassing Qi Zai’s expectations.


He snorted as he changed his method, from afar, he made a cutting motion with his hand towards Fang Yuan’s direction.


Every time he made this movement, a blade of qi would instantly be formed.


Lion fur armor could only endure two slashes before Fang Yuan had to use other methods, a layer of black, oil-like sticky liquid appeared on the lion fur armor’s surface.


The power of the blades of qi immediately lowered when they struck the black oil, the sharpness was greatly reduced and when they impacted on the lion fur armor, the effect was reduced by sixty percent.


This black, oil-like defensive killer move was from Hei Cheng.


Fang Yuan had obtained this killer move when he searched Hei Cheng’s soul and was using it now.


Most of the killer moves he had obtained by soul searching had been trained countless times by their respective Gu Masters. Although they could not raise Fang Yuan’s attainment level, these cultivation insights could allow Fang Yuan to have shortcuts to their results.


Fang Yuan only needed to train with these mortal killer moves a little to use them with ease.


As Qi Zai saw this, he snorted, two gusts of fire qi puffed out of his nose.


The fire qi dispersed in the air, turning into an inferno that rushed towards Fang Yuan.


At the same time, Ni Jian was fighting with everything he had.


Fang Yuan continued to hit with his palms against the mudman.


At this time, the inferno was already right in front of him.


He laughed as he activated a cloud path killer move, immediately, nine rings of clouds appeared around him.


This was Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s defensive killer move — Nine Cloud Ring.


The inferno was completely blocked by the rings of clouds and absorbed. Four formerly white rings of clouds were dyed red.


Fang Yuan stretched out both hands and grabbed at the air.


Gusts of air gathered in the center of his palms and quickly formed into two black spheres.


Mortal killer move — Dark Vortex.


Fang Yuan flew forward, his hands continuously moving as spheres of dark vortexes were fired towards Qi Zai.


Qi He, who was beside Qi Zai, exclaimed in shock when she sensed the danger hidden within the dark vortexes.


Qi Zai counterattacked, using blades of qi, pellets of qi as well as the fire qi he snorted out of his nose.


Both sides went at each other, neither yielding even a step.


Qi He was getting dazed, unable to keep up with battle methods of Gu Immortals that were on display.


She had just ascended to an immortal, mortal battles were almost always carried out on the ground, it would never be like this where they flew up and down in a fast paced movement.


“I am almost certain he is genuinely a qi path Gu Immortal.” Fang Yuan observed while he fought, gathering intelligence.


The battle had lasted for so long, but Qi Zai was still sitting comfortably on the back of the qi grand lion.


Even when Fang Yuan’s dark vortexes and other killer moves bypassed his flurry of attacks and struck his body, they would be blocked easily by his condensed qi.


Qi Zai had the upper hand, but he was far from at ease in his mind.


“What is going on?”


“This guy... what path does he cultivate?”


The more Qi Zai battled, the more puzzled he was.


He was somewhat confused.


The mortal killer moves Fang Yuan used all had the signs of being amplified by dao marks.


But the killer moves already covered many paths like wind path, cloud path, dark path, strength path and other paths!


Qi Zai was really puzzled.


This was the first time he had encountered such a situation.
