
Chapter 1061: Blood Torrent

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


Northern Plains.


Inside the first layer of the heavens in the sovereign immortal aperture.


Fang Yuan opened his eyes slowly, his pupils flashed.


“I’ve spent so many days on deductions, but I’ll use its original name, it will continue to be called blood torrent.” Thinking of this, at Fang Yuan’s will, the Gu worms around him moved, scattering around him.


Hundreds of mortal Gu flew around him, forming a huge circle.


Blood asset Immortal Gu was residing in his chest, its red insignia started to glow as it emitted burning heat.


Suddenly, a dazzling blood-red light shot out of Fang Yuan’s chest.


The blood-red light rushed into the sky, turning into a huge stream of blood.


The stream of blood carried Fang Yuan and charged out.


After flying into the sky, with a swoosh, a long red line was drawn.


A river of blood-red light was flowing in the first layer of the heavens.


Everywhere it went, an intense stench of blood that would make people nauseous could be smelled.


In the river of blood-red light, Fang Yuan’s entire body was covered, completely concealed. This was good, he could hide himself, even if enemies wanted to attack, they would not know which part of the river to attack.


After flying for a while, Fang Yuan stopped moving.


The river of blood-red light vanished, Fang Yuan’s figure appeared all alone.


“The speed of this river can be even faster, I just need to add in some more mortal Gu.” Fang Yuan thought about his experience and concluded.


“But no matter how many mortal Gu I add, the linear speed cannot match sword escape Immortal Gu.”


Sword escape Immortal Gu was a rank seven Immortal Gu, this immortal killer move, blood torrent, used only one rank six Immortal Gu, and that was the rank six blood asset Immortal Gu, it was natural that the speed was inferior to Sword Escape.


Unless Fang Yuan could raise blood asset Immortal Gu to rank seven, the straight line speed of blood torrent could not surpass Sword Escape.


But this way, as a rank six Gu Immortal, for Fang Yuan to use the rank seven Immortal Gu, he would face the same awkward situation again, it was not worth it.


“My linear traveling speed is inferior to using Sword Escape, this was expected, it is not a problem! I deduced this immortal killer move while thinking about traveling while changing direction, to make up for the flaw of sword escape Immortal Gu. I can use blood torrent and sword escape Immortal Gu alternately, this way, I can barely deal with Chu Du.” Fang Yuan considered it clearly.


Blood torrent was a blood path killer move, while sword escape Immortal Gu was sword path, the two were unrelated, if any other Gu Immortal used both of them, they would lose out on both ends.


But Fang Yuan was an exception!


His body was special, it was formed from sovereign immortal fetus Gu. His dao marks were of all paths, yet they did not interfere with one another.


Fang Yuan could use blood torrent and sword escape Immortal Gu alternately, without causing them to lose their original strength.


Sword escape Immortal Gu allowed one to fly in a linear direction, even though it was fast, they could only move in one direction, it was too simple, it could be countered easily.


If the user stopped to change directions, the weakness exposed in that instance would be fully used by Domination Immortal.


But if he used Sword Escape and blood torrent alternately, he would make up for their weaknesses, he would be able to face Domination Immortal.


Chu Du was a strength path Gu Immortal, strength path was a path that focused on offense and recovery, it had the longest sustainability in battle, but it usually lacked in speed.


Of course, this was only Fang Yuan’s estimation.


As for whether it would be effective, he needed to test it.


After all, the last time Domination Immortal Chu Du fought openly was a hundred years ago.


After his battle with Liu tribe’s first supreme elder, he had concealed his traces and cultivated in seclusion.


Fang Yuan not only deduced his blood path killer move these last days, he even collected information on Chu Du using all kinds of methods.


But most of the information was from a hundred years ago.


At this point, Fang Yuan started to miss Fairy Li Shan. Hei Lou Lan’s younger aunt had mountain pledge Gu, she had a huge network and was in contact with many people in the demonic and righteous paths, and even lone immortals. If she was still around, he would be able to collect more information regarding Chu Du.


“Lang Ya Sect might be huge, but it had been in seclusion for so many years before wanting to make contact with the world again recently. In terms of information, it cannot match Fairy Li Shan. Information path, this is one of my weaknesses, I need to fix it.”


Fang Yuan’s thoughts were wandering.


He thought of the battle of Yi Tian Mountain.


Ah, that was a huge trap!


Fang Yuan thought about it and his heart was still pounding.


He could survive because two giants were fighting, and he as an ant had profited from their conflict. He barely survived, a huge portion was attributed to luck.


Come to think of it, it was because his information path attainment was too low, he had insufficient intel! If he knew about the hidden details of Yi Tian Mountain, he would have changed his plans.


“However, even if I had Fairy Li Shan’s information path methods, I would not have been able to get any information. Yi Tian Mountain was simply too big of a plot, in the five hundred years of my previous life, there was no such huge commotion!”


Fang Yuan put aside all of his irrelevant thoughts.


He had to say, after reviving, his thinking speed was extremely fast. It was completely unlike the immortal zombie body.


And with his wisdom path grandmaster attainment level, with the help of many wisdom path methods, he was even more perceptive than in the five hundred years of his previous life, he could think more nimbly.


In this aspect, he had completely surpassed himself!


Even though he deduced blood torrent, he needed to practise it, and continue to modify it as he used it.


After creating an immortal killer move, it could not be left untouched. The Gu Immortal needed to modify and improve it, or even revamp it if needed.


Back in the day, Dong Fang Chang Fan created myriad star fireflies, he had improved upon it multiple times. Even so, he was not personally satisfied with it.


Some immortal killer moves were improved upon by the creator for their entire lives, even their inheritors participated in this process.


For example, peerless crescent moon slash was a signature immortal killer move of Heaven’s Envy Manor, generations of Gu Immortals had improved on it countless times. Precisely so, this move could become famous in Central Continent, and its might was not to be underestimated.


Fang Yuan’s immortal killer move was only created hastily, it was far from the level of moves like peerless crescent moon slash.


In the following days, Fang Yuan practiced on using blood torrent and sword escape Immortal Gu.


Non-stop usage increased his experience, he gained a lot of insight towards the use of blood torrent and Sword Escape.


While practicing, he continued to modify the move, eventually, he stopped adding in mortal Gu to blood torrent, instead, he started taking out certain Gu worms.


“I need blood torrent to work with Sword Escape, because I need it for changing directions. After Sword Escape stops, I need to succeed in activating blood torrent in an instant. This is a short window of time, thus, many mortal Gu makes it troublesome. Not only would it be a waste of time, increasing the difficulty of activation, the gains are also minute with just a small increase in speed.”


“This is almost ready, I should try to gather my immortal aperture and escape. Let’s see if I can escape from Chu Du.”


Even though Fang Yuan could continue to create more blood path killer moves, there was no need to.


After getting blood asset Immortal Gu, he had used this Immortal Gu as the core, along with the accumulated mortal killer moves in the five hundred years of his previous life, to create three blood path killer moves: life staking blood print, blood healing lake, and blood torrent.


At this level, it was enough already.


After all, he only had blood asset Immortal Gu, if he used one blood path killer move, the others could not be used at the same time.


As for the other aspects, Fang Yuan could use other Immortal Gu instead.


After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he had lost almost all of his accumulated Gu worms, his current Gu worms were of many paths, they were a mess and were not organized to systematically cover all aspects. But he had no choice but to use them now.


“But if I were given another chance, I would still choose to take sovereign immortal fetus Gu!” Fang Yuan had no doubts about this.


Even though Fang Yuan was inside the sovereign immortal aperture, it was easily guarded and hard to attack, but he had to be wary of Chu Du seeking help from others, or setting up an immortal battlefield killer move on the icy plain.


In any case, the longer he stayed, the worse it would be.


After making up his mind, Fang Yuan had no more hesitations.


At his will, the entire immortal aperture started shaking.


The tremors were increasing in magnitude, after a while, the immortal aperture world started to shrink.


It was shrinking at an incredible speed! After an instant, Fang Yuan opened his eyes and he was already in the outside world, the northern icy plain.


There was no snow or wind.


Pale white sunlight shone on this flat icy plain.


It was still very cold.


Fang Yuan focused his mind, he looked around with a divine light in his eyes, quickly seeing Chu Du.


Domination Immortal Chu Du!


As Fang Yuan had expected, he had stayed here and did not leave.


But the unexpected thing was Chu Du’s attitude.


“Wait, please wait!” Chu Du did not attack, he smiled warmly as he spoke to Fang Yuan in a gentle tone, there was no killing intent in him.


Fang Yuan snorted: “Are you being polite after resorting to brute force?”


“I am ashamed, truly ashamed.” Chu Du admitted his mistake, he apologized: “I was too rash earlier. But after seeing your tribulation, it truly had too big of an impact on my future cultivation journey! Thus, I lost my reasoning for a moment and attacked. Now that I think about it, it was truly shameful.”


Fang Yuan looked at Chu Du vigilantly, he used many methods to probe the surrounding area.


Seeing that Fang Yuan was silent, Chu Du initiated: “Friend, I do not want to be enemies with you, I just want the method to draw out Reckless Savage’s true meaning. I hope we can make a deal.”


“Deal?” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with brilliance, he said with a tone of consideration: “It is not impossible, as long as you can interest me with your offer.”


Joy flashed on Chu Du’s face.


But next, Fang Yuan said: “But before the transaction, we have to settle the score for your attack on me which interfered with my tribulation!”


“I will definitely satisfy you with the compensation!” Chu Du said immediately, he had an earnest attitude.


Even Fang Yuan was shocked — Was this still the Domination Immortal?


But thinking about it, Fang Yuan’s alertness towards Chu Du rose.


This person could put down his pride, he was an incredible person! Anyone who looked down on him was a terrible fool.


“If you want to compensate me, return my flying sword Immortal Gu to show your sincerity.” Fang Yuan continued to speak.
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1062: Chu Du’s Weakness

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


Hearing that Fang Yuan wanted to take back flying sword Immortal Gu, Chu Du smiled, he replied: “As long as we complete the transaction, not only will I return flying sword Immortal Gu, I will even give you satisfactory compensation.”


What a joke, of course he had to keep this flying sword Immortal Gu for now, it was the best bargaining chip to restrain Fang Yuan.


How could Chu Du return it now?


Chu Du was warm and polite now, but he was deeply aware internally of this.


Fang Yuan laughed, but there was no disappointment on his face.


When he asked this question, he had already known the answer, his expression turned cold: “Chu Du, you have no sincerity! We can forget about this matter.”


Saying so, he activated sword escape Immortal Gu and flew out like a sword, he pierced the air and instantly appeared far away.


“Friend, please wait.” Chu Du’s expression changed, he quickly chased.


Fang Yuan moved straight ahead, pointing towards the sky, after flying for a while, Chu Du’s figure appeared several li behind him.


“Immortal killer move...”


Fang Yuan looked back and felt that the Gu worm aura on Chu Du was very complex.


It was a strength path movement killer move, and was at rank seven, it was even faster than sword escape Immortal Gu’s linear movement!


Fang Yuan’s heart sank, this situation was bad for him.


In fact, he had placed most of his hope on sword escape Immortal Gu. After all, it was very fast, even ancient cloud beasts could not catch up.


( B oxnovel.c om ) To think that Domination Immortal Chu Du also had an immortal killer move that could allow him to fly faster than sword escape Immortal Gu!


“I’m afraid that Chu Du has nurtured more Gu Masters for their immortal ascension than just this one. In the last hundred years, he must have secretly obtained a lot of Reckless Savage’s true meaning, his strength path attainment level is unmeasurably deep, this is how he created such strength path killer moves.”


“Since sword escape Immortal Gu will not work, let’s try blood torrent.”


Fang Yuan willed and stopped Sword Escape, his body still flew ahead due to inertia, but it became slower.


Next, blood-red light flashed on his body as it surrounded him entirely, turning into a river of blood.


The river of blood tore through the sky, moving like a slithering red snake, the smell of blood permeated the air.


Immortal killer move — Blood Torrent, activated successfully!


Fang Yuan turned around and flew towards his left side.


The consecutive use of both moves was very smooth, even Fang Yuan was satisfied: “I reduced the number of mortal Gu, it was the correct move! This way, the chances of blood torrent failing are lower, and I can use it faster. This is all thanks to the practice I did back in the immortal aperture.”


These thoughts only flashed for an instant, his attention was mainly placed on Domination Immortal Chu Du.


Fang Yuan had changed his direction, the most important thing was Chu Du’s reaction to it.


“If Chu Du can catch up to me, I will have to stop and debate with him, to discuss the matter of transaction.”


Fang Yuan was planning for the worst case scenario, but Domination Immortal Chu Du charged forward with an incredible force, flying right past him!


Fang Yuan’s expression froze.


His vision turned to follow Chu Du, he saw the other party move like a bullet train, Chu Du moved forward with great speed, he had such great strength that shock waves could be felt along his path.


After flying for more than ten li, Chu Du’s speed slowed down until he stopped moving.


Next, he turned around and gradually gained speed, charging at Fang Yuan.


His speed became faster and faster, soon, he reached a speed that surpassed sword escape Immortal Gu.


Brilliance flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes, he immediately used blood torrent and changed his direction.


Thus, the same situation happened again.


Domination Immortal Chu Du flashily, or rather, brutishly, flew past him.


Fang Yuan was overjoyed.


( B oxnovel.c om ) He was worried about sword escape Immortal Gu because it could only fly in a straight line, thus he created blood torrent to make up for that weakness.


To think that this shortcoming was even more serious for Domination Immortal Chu Du!


The situation changed suddenly, Fang Yuan’s thoughts churned fiercely, he decided to stop moving.


It was very easy for him to escape now and shrug off Chu Du, as long as he was vigilant, he would not fail.


“Interesting.” Fang Yuan muttered, deciding to negotiate with Chu Du.


Chu Du saw that Fang Yuan stopped flying and felt great joy, he also stopped moving.


“So close, so close. It seems that the flying sword Immortal Gu in my hands is very useful. The other party is making considerations for it!”


Fang Yuan waited for Chu Du to fly to him, after a certain distance, he raised his hand: “Stop, let’s talk with this distance between us.”


Fang Yuan was vigilant, even though he had the advantage of movement, it was still better to maintain a certain distance.


Chu Du immediately stopped, he smiled, looking slightly pathetic compared to before.


Fang Yuan said: “Brother Chu is really incredible, this was really eye-opening! What killer move is this, it is so amazing, even my sword escape Immortal Gu cannot compare to it.”


“This killer move is called body strength travel, I created it after much effort, it can increase my speed using my immortal body’s strength path dao marks. But there is one weakness, I can only travel forward, and cannot change directions while flying, I cannot even move backwards. I have not practiced with it enough, I used it today out while panicking, it was truly shameful.” Chu Du said, he candidly conceded his weakness, giving an open-minded disposition that could make people look up to him.


Fang Yuan nodded, showing a serious expression: “Brother Chu is extremely powerful, during normal combat, in Northern Plains, who can make you use this move to retreat?”


“I will thank your praise! Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world is extremely deep, I only have a bit of reputation, but the more I cultivate, the more I realize my insufficiency. There are definitely more than five rank eight Gu Immortals in Northern Plains. Among rank sevens, you are one of those experts who can make me feel wary. I am ashamed, I do not even know about your name or background.” Chu Du smiled with a bitter expression.


His words were not just out of politeness, they were his true thoughts.


Fang Yuan did not know much about Domination Immortal Chu Du, but Chu Du knew even less about Fang Yuan.


After Fang Yuan used sword escape Immortal Gu, his speed shocked Chu Du! After all, in terms of linear speed, sword escape Immortal Gu could compare with the similarly ranked qi escape Gu.


Chu Du was an experienced rank seven Gu Immortal, he had many movement methods. But compared to sword escape Immortal Gu, most of them were inferior. Only this final immortal killer move, body strength travel, could work.


Fang Yuan’s guess was right, this immortal killer move, body strength travel, was created by Chu Du for retreating.


But in Northern Plains, very few people could force Chu Du to retreat.


And because Chu Du had been keeping a low profile these last years to raise these Gu Masters for their immortal ascension, he did not fight much.


It was not that he did not practice this immortal killer move enough, but it simply had too many Gu worms, it was hard to use.


The first time Chu Du saw Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan was undergoing tribulation in the immortal aperture. Chu Du made a move, but Fang Yuan was even faster than him, with more resolution!


While Fang Yuan was searching for Chu Du’s information, Chu Du was not slacking, he was also trying to find Fang Yuan’s information.


But he had no gains.


In his perspective, Fang Yuan was someone who seemed to have jumped out of a rock. Since when did such a person exist in Northern Plains?!


Not mentioning anything else, just his aura was very strange. When Chu Du first saw him in the immortal aperture, he was rank six. But now, he had rank seven aura.


However, he was a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, that much should not be wrong.


But did he cultivate blood path or sword path?


This was a question that Chu Du was very curious about.


These two paths were not related at all! If it were soul path and enslavement path, or rule path and restriction path, or wisdom path and emotion path, then it was understandable.


But sword path and blood path?


Wasn’t he afraid that they would interfere with one another?


But Fang Yuan not only had rank seven sword path Immortal Gu, his blood path killer move made even Chu Du gasp in shock.


Also, also.


So be it if he cultivated blood path and sword path, that was none of Chu Du’s business, but he actually had a method to lure out the Reckless Savage’s true meaning?!


Chu Du had racked his brains and made countless attempts before ending in failure, he could only choose a crude method like raising disciples afterwards.


What method was actually used?


Reckless Savage’s true meaning, he definitely needed to have wisdom path attainment to do it!


Did that mean, his wisdom path attainment was also not low??


In this pursuit, even though it was very short, Chu Du could not catch up to Fang Yuan!


Seeing that Fang Yuan did not fly away but stopped instead, Chu Du felt like his heart was pounding, he was filled with excitement and joy!


Strength decided everything, thus right now, Chu Du treated Fang Yuan as an equal.


Fang Yuan was silent for a moment, before he slowly said again: “Actually, it is not impossible to have a transaction...”


Chu Du did not speak, he only listened. His eyes were burning with enthusiasm, as if fires were blazing in his pupils.


But after a long time, the despicable Fang Yuan did not speak, he seemed to have gone deep in thought.


Chu Du could not hold it in anymore, he asked: “I believe that with my wealth, you will definitely be satisfied.”


Fang Yuan looked at him before saying: “Didn’t you attend the Northern Plains auction recently?”


Chu Du’s expression froze, he said in a probing manner: “So you attended the auction as well?”


“That’s right.” Fang Yuan admitted openly: “During the auction, I even made use of you.” Of course, the second line was only in Fang Yuan’s mind.


“What would you like, you can just say it.” Chu Du pursued.


“It is hard to say.” Fang Yuan sighed, he frowned as he showed a difficult expression.


Chu Du was feeling impatient.


If this were another person, he would have slapped the other party already.


“There is nothing you cannot say, even if I do not have it now, I can try to get it for you.” Chu Du continued.


He had already decided to obtain this method regardless of the cost!


Fang Yuan sighed again: “I said that because I have not thought of what to trade with brother Chu yet.”


Chu Du was furious.


After such a long time, you showed such a difficult expression simply because you have not made up your mind?


Chu Du frowned, his tone became deep and low as he said: “Sir, did you stay here simply to toy with me?”


“Brother Chu, don’t be angry, of course not!” Fang Yuan immediately said: “Any Gu Immortal would have calamities and tribulations looming over them, we have countless needs. I have not thought of what, and how to transact with you to obtain the greatest benefit for my cultivation. How about this, give me some time to think about it, after careful consideration, I will reply to brother Chu.”


Chu Du had an ugly expression, he thought about it and nodded helplessly: “Alright.”
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1063: Transformation Path!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


Seeing Fang Yuan’s figure leaving in the horizon, Chu Du watched, staying on the spot.


“Letting him go like this, was it a correct move or not?” Chu Du’s gaze was flickering.


But soon, he smiled bitterly to himself: “Even if I do not want to let him go, what can I do?”


“My methods cannot capture or catch up to him.”


“If I use brute force, with this person’s mysterious background, he might be troublesome to deal with, and even if I capture him, he might destroy his own soul, how would I get the method then?”


“However, seeing his attitude, he must be sincere in trading with me. Otherwise, he could have left already, why did he stay to talk with me?”


Chu Du recalled the conversation he had with Fang Yuan.


He thought about it for a while, he felt that Fang Yuan was very sincere, even though Fang Yuan did not talk about anything significant, and most of the things he said were lip service.


But precisely so, Chu Du felt: This was much more sincere than giving empty promises and assurances of benefits.


Of course, his greatest confidence was not in Fang Yuan’s attitude, but the flying sword Immortal Gu that he had in his hands.


“This is a rank seven Immortal Gu!”


Even a legendary figure like Chu Du did not have many rank seven Immortal Gu in his possession.


Fang Yuan flew away and did not encounter any more problems.


Lang Ya land spirit had already arranged for hairy man Gu Immortals to set up immortal battlefield killer moves, there were even Immortal Gu formations used for teleportation.


However, Fang Yuan had an extremely easy time in getting away from Chu Du. Thus, the immortal battlefield killer move to obstruct Chu Du was no longer needed.


Retrieving the components of the battlefield killer move, Fang Yuan used the Immortal Gu formation and returned to Lang Ya blessed land.


“You had dog shit luck Immortal Gu’s protection, yet you still encountered Chu Du, this does not follow common sense. Did anyone scheme against you?” Seeing Fang Yuan, Lang Ya land spirit asked straightforwardly.


Fang Yuan frowned, he had considered this question long ago.


“With dog shit luck Immortal Gu’s protection, my luck should not be bad. Was it because the earthly calamity was too fierce, the luck gained from Dog Shit Luck was all used to counter the earthly calamity?” Fang Yuan had a guess, but he could not say it to Lang Ya land spirit.


He was a human Gu Immortal after all.


Even though he joined Lang Ya Sect, they were still of different races, there was a rift between them.


Like earlier, when Fang Yuan rushed back to Northern Plains from Southern Border, Lang Ya land spirit used the opportunity to take advantage of his situation.


“But if that is the case, then the earthly calamity that I went through was already heavily weakened by luck. Then, what sort of strength would the actual earthly calamity have?”


Thinking of this, Fang Yuan felt a cold chill.


In this tribulation, he had narrowly avoided death, his life was in danger, it was a close call.


In fact, this earthly calamity had completely surpassed the level of earthly calamities. Even the ten great catastrophes could not match Fang Yuan’s current earthly calamity.


“But I have connected luck with many people. Perhaps because Dog Shit Luck’s effect was split between many people, it was not effective.” Fang Yuan thought, but he said: “First supreme elder is right, this is not a problem of luck, someone was plotting against me!”


The identity of ‘Fang Yuan’ had already been exposed in the battle of Yi Tian Mountain.


Be it the secret about him being an otherworldly demon or Spring Autumn Cicada, the fact that he also destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was known to all.


Shadow Sect, Heavenly Court, and all of the Huang Jin tribes in Northern Plains were likely to plot against Fang Yuan.


Lang Ya land spirit sighed, worry was written all over his face, his tone became grim: “Maybe no one is plotting against you. Don’t forget, you are a member of Lang Ya Sect. And my Lang Ya blessed land is already exposed, we have suffered more than one attack. A while ago, we lost two Gu Immortals, the value of this place is enough for many experts and forces to act.”


Fang Yuan was slightly happy, it was much better for him if Lang Ya land spirit had such thoughts.


Lang Ya land spirit’s gaze was flickering, he quickly changed his words: “But if we can use wisdom Gu as the core to create the Immortal Gu House Secluded Residence, not only can we defend ourselves, we can even defend against all of the deductions from almost everyone in the world!”


Fang Yuan smiled without speaking.


It turned out that Lang Ya land spirit wanted to talk about this. It seemed that he was still coveting wisdom Gu. But sadly, in the earlier transaction, Fang Yuan did not sell wisdom Gu.


“It was all thanks to first supreme elder’s Gu worms that I passed this tribulation. I will return them to you now, these Gu worms were a great help.” Fang Yuan said as a huge number of Gu flew according to his will, out of his immortal aperture.


“Of course! With their help, simply an earthly calamity is a piece of cake.” Lang Ya land spirit said proudly.


Fang Yuan did not say the truth, but he did not lie, he diverted the topic: “Especially your killer move immortal tribulation tempering aperture, it was really effective. But Chu Du appeared at the end, it was quite scary. Thankfully, I was superior to him in terms of movement, albeit slightly.”


While listening, Lang Ya land spirit collected all of the Gu worms, after inspecting each of them, he asked with a tone of regret: “Are you really not selling Dang Hun Mountain and wisdom Gu to me?”


In the original transaction, Lang Ya land spirit wanted to use three true inheritances in exchange for Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po Valley, and wisdom Gu.


But after thinking about it, Fang Yuan felt that even though refinement path, luck path, and theft path were good, they were not entirely suitable for him, they did not quite fit his future plans. If he exchanged for all of them, it was not worth it.


However, the refinement path killer move immortal tribulation tempering aperture, the luck path true inheritance’s dog shit luck Immortal Gu and others, they could provide Fang Yuan with huge help.


Thus, after thinking about it, Fang Yuan chose his words and urged the land spirit: “Do you really want to trade all three true inheritances with me? There are many Immortal Gu in the true inheritances, if I get them, would Lang Ya Sect not need them later?”


Lang Ya land spirit was unwilling to let them go as well.


For example, dog shit luck Immortal Gu, it had been refined immediately by Long Hair Ancestor the moment Giant Sun Immortal Venerable died.


After that, dog shit luck Immortal Gu had been guarding Lang Ya blessed land, providing huge help to the previous Lang Ya land spirit when he refined Gu. At the same time, it protected Lang Ya blessed land from countless disasters and dangers.


However, if Lang Ya land spirit did not offer them, these true inheritances would be too low in value, how could they be traded for Fang Yuan’s three treasures?


Thus, Fang Yuan urged again: “First supreme elder, since both of us are unwilling, why don’t we take what we need. Let’s deal with a portion of each.”


“Oh? Explain clearly.” Lang Ya land spirit said.


Fang Yuan spoke about his intentions as Lang Ya land spirit rejected: “No way, no way, you want the most essential parts of all three true inheritances, but you are only offering Luo Po Valley. This is a huge loss, no way! It will not do!”


Fang Yuan smiled, continuing to negotiate with Lang Ya land spirit.


Lang Ya land spirit was not good at negotiations, his baseline was quickly identified by Fang Yuan after some probing.


Under such a situation, the land spirit was simple and easy to deal with compared to Gu Immortals.


Eventually, Fang Yuan and Lang Ya land spirit came to an agreement.


Fang Yuan officially sold Luo Po Valley to Lang Ya land spirit, while he obtained dog shit luck Immortal Gu, blood asset Immortal Gu, and dark limit Immortal Gu, these three rank six Immortal Gu. His debt to Lang Ya Sect was cleared, and he borrowed a large number of mortal Gu and Immortal Gu to fix his weaknesses, and most importantly, the Gu worms needed to form immortal tribulation tempering aperture and triple layered sword wave.


And in fact, immortal tribulation tempering aperture and triple layered sword wave were extremely helpful to Fang Yuan during the tribulation.


Even though this transaction was made, Lang Ya land spirit was still coveting Dang Hun Mountain and wisdom Gu right now.


This time, the land spirit expressed his intent to purchase them again.


But would Fang Yuan agree?


Even so, he could not reject Lang Ya land spirit too harshly, he thought and said carefully: “I have no intentions to sell these two yet, but if I have any difficulties in the future, and the situation requires it, I will use them to trade with first supreme elder.”


Lang Ya land spirit was about to speak.


Fang Yuan waved his hand, quickly saying: “I will leave these two treasures in Lang Ya blessed land. I will not take them with me, I will lend them to the sect for use, as per our previous agreement. Don’t worry, first supreme elder.”


Lending wisdom Gu to Lang Ya Sect meant Lang Ya land spirit would feed it, this solved a huge problem for Fang Yuan.


As for Dang Hun Mountain, it was better to not place it in his immortal aperture.


Famous mountains or rivers bore a huge burden on the heaven and earth qi. The same applied to secluded domains of heaven and earth.


Most importantly, Shadow Sect had clear knowledge of Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley, if they used Fixed Immortal Travel to teleport into Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture, that would be a terrible situation.


Lang Ya land spirit was not resigned, he continued to touch on this topic, but who was Fang Yuan? He was someone with negotiation skills honed from over five hundred years of life, the simple Lang Ya land spirit could not compete with him.


After a long conversation, Fang Yuan took back a lot of his cultivation resources that were stored with Lang Ya land spirit.


Like the eerie fire dragon pythons, regretful spiders, dragonfish, arrow bamboo forest, they were all from Hu Immortal blessed land or Star Form blessed land, they were sources of revenue that were only inferior to guts Gu.


From start to finish, Fang Yuan did not ask Lang Ya land spirit about selling the killer move immortal tribulation tempering aperture.


Chu Du?


He was just a backup plan for Fang Yuan.


Even though they had exchanged information path Gu worms and could communicate, Fang Yuan had already left, he was not restricted by any information path methods, wouldn’t any future transactions depend on Fang Yuan’s mood?


As for... rank seven flying sword Immortal Gu.


Hehe, it was just a rank seven Immortal Gu, so what if he could not take it back?


Ordinary Gu Immortals treasured rank seven Immortal Gu, but Fang Yuan owned even rank nine Immortal Gu like wisdom Gu, he naturally had a different perspective.


Especially when he had lost almost all of his Immortal Gu some time ago to Ying Wu Xie.


Merely rank seven flying sword Immortal Gu paled in comparison to all those Immortal Gu.


Chu Du did not know about Fang Yuan’s background, he underestimated Fang Yuan.


All in all, there was little chance that Fang Yuan would trade with Chu Du.


Reckless Savage’s true meaning was much more important to Fang Yuan compared to a rank seven Immortal Gu!


“Because the path that I am going to walk on now is transformation path.”


Fang Yuan had thought about it deeply, he had considered it thoroughly.


Transformation path!


This was the most suitable path for him now.
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1064: I am a transformation path Gu Immortal

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


Why did Fang Yuan choose transformation path?


After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Fang Yuan had a living body. He had been considering the most important question, what path was he going to choose from now on.


In his previous life, he chose blood path, that was because blood path allowed quick growth and was very powerful, he could grow while fighting, and it had little requirements towards resources. Moreover, during his previous life, this was his only decent fortuitous encounter, his best prospects were in blood path.


After rebirth, he gave up on blood path and chose strength path, that was because now was not the five regions chaotic war period, the regions were still orderly and blood path could not flourish. Another reason was because of his fortuitous encounters. Fang Yuan searched his memories and found the best opportunities for him at certain periods of time, coincidentally, these opportunities were all related to strength path.


Actually, be it blood path or strength path, they had flaws.


Blood path was in poor circumstances, people held animosity towards it. Any Gu Immortal or Gu Master who cultivated blood path would be pushed aside by the entire world.


Strength path was declining, even though Domination Immortal Chu Du added the human jun strength branch, its decline could not be stopped.


Truthfully speaking, these two paths were not the best choices.


Fang Yuan concluded: Since rebirth, his fortuitous encounters were quite plentiful.


Wisdom path, luck path, theft path...


These opportunities were also of very high grade. For example, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance, or Star Lord Wan Xiang’s star path inheritance.


Star path and wisdom path, these two paths were much better than blood path and strength path.


Having an inheritance and not having one resulted in drastically different outcomes.


The former allowed one to use the wisdom of predecessors to advance fearlessly, they could be very confident. The latter explored on their own, in a world of the unknown, they had to experiment and find their way forward slowly.


If Fang Yuan had obtained these two true inheritances in his previous life, as long as the situation allowed it, he would have chosen Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance as the main focus, with Star Lord Wan Xiang’s star path inheritance as well as Blood Sea Ancestor’s true inheritance to assist him. He would become a wisdom path Gu Immortal.


Because in terms of prospects, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance was the best.


Wisdom path Gu Immortals were few in numbers, they were very valuable in the Gu Immortal world. While being very popular, they were also deeply feared by many.


But the path to choose was not just dependent on future prospects, one’s immediate needs were important too.


Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance came from a Heavenly Court rank eight Gu Immortal, it had been passed down for many generations, the prospects were great.


But this inheritance had a weakness, it did not excel in fighting.


The biggest advantage of this true inheritance was the proficiency in deduction.


In order to make up for this weakness, Dong Fang Chang Fan created the immortal killer move myriad star fireflies, his weakness was alleviated.


Dong Fang Chang Fan’s route was not suitable for Fang Yuan.


Because he was facing danger everywhere.


Ying Wu Xie, Shadow Sect’s remnant forces, Heavenly Court, Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, the Huang Jin tribes in Northern Plains, Fang Yuan had many enemies.


Especially after the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Fang Yuan’s secrets were exposed, be it Spring Autumn Cicada, his otherworldly demon status, or the crime of Imperial Court blessed land, he had almost been completely exposed.


Thus, Fang Yuan not only needed to consider his future prospects, he had to consider his circumstances.


In some aspects, his immediate needs were more important than his future prospects.


Without the ability to deal with his circumstances, even if he had huge prospects, it was useless, he could not make use of them.


Right now, Fang Yuan needed high battle strength.


Metal path, fire path, lightning path, sword path, blood path, these five paths were publicly recognized as the paths with the highest battle strength.


The first three had been mainstream for an extremely long time.


The latter two, be it sword path or blood path, had very short history, they were considered to be new. Sword path had Bo Qing, while blood path had Blood Sea Ancestor, but other than these two, there were few noteworthy people. Thus, the foundation of these two paths could not match the other three.


For Fang Yuan, be it metal path, fire path, or lightning path, his attainment level was ordinary, he had no inheritances for them.


In contrast, he was a blood path grandmaster, and even though his sword path attainment level was ordinary and had no inheritance, he had many of Bo Qing’s Immortal Gu.


The attainment level of all of the paths was an important element of consideration.


Without an inheritance, if the person had high attainment level, they could innovate and create new methods. But it would be harder to do it without an inheritance, the person needed talent and creativity.


Fang Yuan’s strength path, blood path, wisdom path, and star path attainment levels were all at grandmaster, with blood path coming from his previous life’s foundation. Strength path was accumulated over both lives, while wisdom path and star path were obtained by chance, using the dream realm to raise their attainment levels rapidly.


Refinement path was at quasi-grandmaster, it was good even among Gu Immortals.


Enslavement path was at master level, it was not impressive among Gu Immortals.


Luck path was quasi-master, while most of his other paths were ordinary (like sword path, light path, dark path, and others), or even blank (like phantom path).


In terms of attainment level, he should go on the path with the highest grandmaster attainment level, one out of these four.


But forget about blood path, or strength path on the decline, wisdom path and star path were not outstanding in battle strength, even though he had inheritances of them, Fang Yuan’s accumulated Immortal Gu were all lost already.


If the Immortal Gu in these inheritances were not yet refined, Fang Yuan could still slowly refine them in the future.


But these Immortal Gu were in Ying Wu Xie’s hands now, he did not know which ones were already destroyed, in this situation, there was a huge obstacle for his future cultivation. Even if he was willing to take a risk and refine Immortal Gu, because there could only be one, he might not succeed!


With all of these considerations, Fang Yuan was in an awkward position.


After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, when thinking about his future path, Fang Yuan felt deeply lost.


Only after he gradually realized the profoundness of this body, the confusion in him was dissipating, he could see hope again.


He first realized that his body had over a thousand dao marks, of all paths.


This was not out of the ordinary.


When Gu Immortals undergo tribulations, because of the tribulations in their immortal apertures, dao marks of all different kinds would form, it was only that there would very clearly be one or two types with the highest quantities.


The most important thing was — his dao marks did not interfere with each other, they did not weaken one another!


This was simply too amazing!


When Fang Yuan first realized this, he could not believe that something this good could exist!


This overturned conventional wisdom regarding cultivation. If he told people about it, they would think he was spouting nonsense.


But thinking about sovereign immortal fetus Gu — a rank nine Immortal Gu that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and Shadow Sect had prepared to create for tens of thousands of years, the essence of their work.


In this way, it was not strange for it to go against common sense.


Next, Fang Yuan was immensely joyful.


This benefit was not for others, it was for himself!


With just this point, he could cultivate every path!!


Long ago, Fang Yuan had once planned to cultivate two immortal apertures, one for time path, and another for strength path. But the sovereign immortal aperture was much more absurd, it could cultivate every path, from the start of history, every single path that had existed!


This was simply like a dream.


In history, even Immortal Venerables and Demon Venerables cultivated one path primarily, with another secondarily. Even if Gu Immortals cultivated many paths, the result was often that they would end up in failure after trying to bite off more than they could chew.


Because their dao marks resisted each other, the more they cultivated, the greater the conflict, it was not worth it.


But Fang Yuan did not have this problem, he could cultivate every path, there was zero conflict, his prospects were bright, he surpassed the Immortal Venerables and Demon Venerables in history!


Fang Yuan quickly calmed down.


The possibility was beautiful, but cultivating every path was just a wondrous dream. He had to consider the amount of time needed, resources, effort, and most importantly, a safe and peaceful cultivation environment.


Fang Yuan did not have any of these.


He had limited effort and resources, and had no time, his enemies were in all five regions, including the Northern Plains Gu Immortals who were most skilled at combat, the number one Gu Immortal organization in the world, Heavenly Court, the ten great ancient sects who controlled Central Continent, and countless people who were coveting the luck path true inheritance that he had...


His prospects were wonderful, but danger lurked everywhere.


Forget about creating his own path. Fang Yuan did not have that foundation. He could only choose one path that was available now, and continue on it. At most, he could cultivate a second one.


Any more, and the situation would not allow it. His time and effort would be wasted, and he would be seeking his own doom.


Among all of the paths, which one could allow Fang Yuan to gain great battle strength and display his expertise, while also considering his attainment level and inheritances?


After thinking about it, one path was left in Fang Yuan’s mind.


That was — transformation path!


Transformation path was called the ‘path that projected every path’, transformation path Gu Immortals could transform into existences of metal path, light path, sword light, light path, and all other paths.


But transformation path had a flaw that has lasted until today, that was when transformation path Gu Immortals transform into other beings, they needed to get rid of those dao marks to prevent their dao marks from interfering with one another.


This flaw was non-existent to Fang Yuan. Because of sovereign immortal fetus Gu, his dao marks co-existed in harmony. When Qi Zai chased him, he had even thought that Fang Yuan was the owner of Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s secret of unrestrained transformation.


It could be said, transformation path could display Fang Yuan’s advantage the most.


It could even be said, Fang Yuan was currently, no, he was one of the only two people in history that were most suitable to cultivate transformation path.


Even more amazingly, once he cultivated transformation path, his secret of having dao marks that did not resist each other would be concealed completely.


Fang Yuan could use the Immortal Gu of all paths after transforming, without attracting any suspicion.


And after transforming, he could use the Immortal Gu of those paths and receive an amplification effect. For example, becoming a sword path beast to gain numerous sword path dao marks, and then using sword path Immortal Gu to gain a greater amplification in power.


Even though Fang Yuan’s transformation path attainment level was not high, so what, he had Reckless Savage’s true meaning!


Even though Fang Yuan did not have any transformation path inheritance, it was not an issue. Why? Because transformation path killer moves were easy to obtain, perfectly transforming into another form completely was a killer move of transformation path in itself.


As for the Immortal Gu of transformation path, they were the easiest to refine in all of the paths. To Fang Yuan, he could quickly accumulate them and restart again.


Furthermore, Fang Yuan had other considerations.


Like Lang Ya blessed land.


This Lang Ya land spirit placed high value on the identity of a hairy man, if Fang Yuan cultivated to fruition, he could turn into a hairy man Gu Immortal to gain his trust, he would get more support!


In the future, when he faces assault, he could turn into other things or people to deceive others. If his identity was exposed, and he could not do anything with his original identity, he could conceal himself and continue to roam the world safely.


“From now on, I am a transformation path Gu Immortal!”
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1065: Refining Change Form Immortal Gu Again

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


Lang Ya blessed land, a few days later.


“This is the interior rain.” Lang Ya land spirit said as he landed a basin of water to Fang Yuan, letting him look.


Fang Yuan stretched out his arm to receive it.


“Be careful.” Lang Ya land spirit instructed: “This rank six immortal material is very special, it is quite ‘heavy’.”


Lang Ya land spirit placed a lot of emphasis on the word ‘heavy’.


Fang Yuan nodded: “Don’t worry, I have heard of this immortal material.”


Saying this, Fang Yuan took this immortal material.


Suddenly, he felt a strong gravitational pull.


Looking over at it, the water in the basin was clear and transparent, it had traces of green in it. Fang Yuan was holding it stably, but the water surface had ripples for some reason, like the surface was being struck by rain.


This was the rank six immortal material interior rain!


This type of rainwater was very unique, it contained dao marks, its actual weight was not high, but it brought a type of burden to the life form holding it.


Lang Ya land spirit emphasized on ‘heavy’, he was not talking about weight, he was talking about its psychological burden.


“Have you really decided to use the third and final opportunity to ask me to refine Gu? Not to refine Fixed Immortal Travel, but to refine change form Immortal Gu instead?” While Fang Yuan was looking at the immortal material in the basin, Lang Ya land spirit asked again.


“Yes, I have decided, I won’t change it again!” Fang Yuan nodded, he replied firmly without hesitation.


Fang Yuan had thought about it deeply, he had made up his mind to cultivate transformation path.


Fixed Immortal Travel was good, but firstly, the most crucial material, light of the immemorial era, was missing, secondly, Fang Yuan was not certain that it had been destroyed, and finally, change form Immortal Gu had greater importance to Fang Yuan at present.


Thus, Fang Yuan changed his mind and used the final opportunity to try and refine change form Immortal Gu!


Immortal Gu were unique, change form Immortal Gu was the essence of transformation path itself!


This Immortal Gu was famous in history, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable had used it and refined it to rank nine.


But after Reckless Savage Demon Venerable died, the rank nine change form Immortal Gu was destroyed as well. From then on, people would refine it again starting from rank six.


In terms of foundation, transformation path was much deeper than sword path and blood path. After Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, there were many Gu Immortal experts in transformation path, these people were like bright stars in the sky, they had left a deep mark in the long history of the world, they were talented and legendary, future generations revered and looked up to them.


Change form Immortal Gu had been a key element, it had also risen and fallen with these experts. Change form Immortal Gu had been destroyed dozens of times, and refined again by others. Under most situations, it was rank six. Rank seven change form Immortal Gu appeared scarcely in history. As for rank eight change form Immortal Gu, it was even rarer, almost countable with two hands.


The higher the rank of the Immortal Gu, the harder it was to refine. And together with the lower chances of success, the refinement materials were also more expensive. For instance, Old Ancestor Xue Hu, to refine rank eight Immortal Gu Fortune Rivalling Heaven, had spent almost all of his savings, and even ordered Snowy Mountain blessed land’s Gu Immortals to find immortal materials for him. From this, one could see the terrifying cost of refining a rank eight Immortal Gu.


Thankfully, Fang Yuan was only trying to refine rank six change form Immortal Gu.


He had the Immortal Gu recipe, and there was little chance of change form Immortal Gu being refined by others.


The immortal materials were mostly prepared, this was thanks to Lang Ya blessed land’s huge immortal material inventory, and Fang Yuan did not have to pay for them at all.


Because of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Long Hair Ancestor’s agreement, Lang Ya land spirit would refine Gu for Fang Yuan three times. Mortal Gu were guaranteed, but Immortal Gu were not.


This was the third and final time.


“It is a pity. Back then you had the success dao mark, refining change form Immortal Gu would have been a guaranteed success. Why did you rebirth at that crucial moment?” Lang Ya land spirit thought back and felt it was greatly regretful.


Fang Yuan had informed Lang Ya land spirit of many things honestly. After all, secrets like his rebirth were already exposed, even if Lang Ya land spirit did not know, he could obtain information from the outside world.


“At that time, I was used by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, but even now, thinking back to it, it is still very suspicious.” Fang Yuan frowned.


Lang Ya land spirit shook his head: “Forget it, let’s not talk about this. Even though we do not have a success dao mark, I have inherited my main body’s special hairy man nature Gu refinement technique. This method can use the dao marks of heaven and earth to assist in the Gu refinement, even though calamities and tribulations occur, the advantages surpass the disadvantages.”


“Furthermore, my Lang Ya blessed land has used the killer move immortal tribulation tempering aperture to pass countless calamities and tribulations, there are a great number of refinement path dao marks here. Together with the effect of the remaining parts of Refinement Cauldron, there is a high chance of succeeding in refining change form Immortal Gu on the first try.”


“However, to make it safe, Fang Yuan, you have to participate in this refinement. You are the owner of dog shit luck Immortal Gu, using your strong luck, you can increase the chances of success. In this refinement process, interior rain is the first problem. In the following days, you have to practise with the interior rain that you have.”


Luck path had great effect in assisting Gu refinement.


Back then, when Giant Sun Immortal Venerable worked with Long Hair Ancestor to refine Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, luck path played an important role of assistance.


But when Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Long Hair Ancestor cooperated to refine space escape Immortal Gu, it could not be used. After all, theft path was inferior to luck path in terms of helping with Gu refinement.


Next, Lang Ya land spirit taught Fang Yuan some of the secrets behind the hairy man nature Gu refinement technique, including some precious Gu refinement methods and many mortal killer move for Gu refinement.


Of course, these were not free, Fang Yuan had to pay with his sect contribution points.


Even so, Fang Yuan gladly accepted them.


The current Lang Ya land spirit was inferior to the previous one in Gu refinement, but it was still Long Hair Ancestor’s obsession, its refinement path attainment far surpassed Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan had an amazing teacher now, many of his questions and problems in refinement path was solved. Those precious Gu refinement methods and killer moves that were long lost benefited Fang Yuan greatly. The hairy man nature Gu refinement technique was an eye-opener to Fang Yuan, he felt that if this method worked, it would be far superior to the human isolation style!


Interestingly, while Fang Yuan was researching refinement path, his brother was also researching refinement path in Black Hair Continent, which was under Cloud Cover Continent.


Fang Zheng was sitting in a room in the imperial city of Black Hair Continent, holding a three-colored flame in his hands.


Fang Yuan’s fake will was speaking inside his mind: “In the competition tomorrow, the enemy is extremely powerful! Fang Zheng, even though you have rank five cultivation level, you severely lack Gu worms. You are also a human Gu Master, you are ostracized in Black Hair Continent, you can only refine Gu yourself. Tonight, you must refine the rank five Gu River Swallowing Toad. That way, you will be able to counter the enemy’s water path methods.”


“I know, can you shut up?!” Fang Zheng snorted in his mind.


Fang Yuan’s fake will stopped speaking, but soon, the three-colored flame in Fang Zheng’s hands dissipated.


Fang Zheng spat out a mouthful of blood, after failing the Gu refinement, he suffered internal injuries.


“Hehe.” Fang Yuan’s fake will laughed: “Oh my stupid brother, you are still as useless as ever. The Gu refinement process has just started, and you have already failed at the third step.”


Fang Zheng’s expression was very ugly, but the truth was in front of him, he had nothing to say, he kept quiet and sat down, using Gu worms to heal himself.


Fang Yuan’s fake will continued: “Being useless is fine, any person can grow and become stronger even if they are useless and weak. But the important thing is, there is no hope if you cannot recognize your own weakness and uselessness. The materials you prepared can only allow you to attempt the Gu refinement three times. This is just the start and you have already failed. Without my help, how will you refine the River Swallowing Toad? Hehe, in tomorrow’s battle, death is not barred, the other party will not spare you even if you beg them. You are beyond saving.”


Fang Zheng felt anger from embarrassment, he shouted: “If I die, that’s my own business, you are too noisy, shut up!”


Fang Yuan’s fake will said eerily: “I am going to keep talking, can you stop me? You think I care about your life? Hmph, little brother, you are still so ignorant. I only want revenge, you are just a tool for my revenge.”


“I can become anyone’s tool, but I will definitely not be yours!” Fang Zheng replied resolutely.


Fang Yuan’s fake will laughed: “You have no choice, even if you do not want to, so what? After participating in the competition, along your advancement, you killed many hairy man Gu Masters, you were taking revenge for me. Tonight, you must listen to my advice in order to successfully refine the Gu. You must accept my guidance, otherwise, you will die tomorrow without doubt!”


Fang Zheng’s expression was dark, but he did not rebuke.


He clenched his fists, falling into dead silence.


Two hours later, he started to refine Gu.


Fang Yuan slowly gave his pointers regarding the steps. Fang Zheng did not speak, but he followed the instructions without any deviation.


Finally, when the sky was turning bright, at dawn, Fang Zheng succeeded in refining the River Swallowing Toad!


Cloud Cover Continent.


Fang Yuan lightly let out a breath of air.


The interior rain in front of him had been processed properly, it was like frozen ice, resembling a completely transparent jade.


But the truth was, processing the immortal material to this degree was not just as simple as freezing it.


There were more than fifty steps involved in this, more than twenty Gu refinement methods were used, and thirty refinement path mortal killer moves. Furthermore, the Gu refinement needed to do all these within several minutes.


After wasting three basins, Fang Yuan finally succeeded by the fourth basin of interior rain.


At this time, a lump of fake will flew to Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan’s eyes shone, after confirming that it was harmless, he retrieved it in his mind.


Soon, an almost indiscernible smile appeared on the corners of his lips.


“In order to survive, Fang Zheng can only follow my instructions. Even though he hates me to the core, in order to live, he can only obey.”


“Every time he survives using my guidance, he would feel humiliated and angry. But as long as this happens once, it will continue to happen. The more it happens, the less affected he feels, eventually, he will get used to my existence and rely on me subconsciously. By then, it would be the best time to refine Blood Deity.”


“But his current mental state is still not good enough, he needs to be trained further.”
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1066: Everyone Collecting Immortal Materials

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


A blood deity was Fang Yuan’s long term plan.


Fang Zheng was the second step of this plan.


The first step of this plan was to refine blood deity Immortal Gu. Fang Yuan wanted to refine this Immortal Gu in his first life. He had even found trouble with Vicious Lightning Fiend for its remnant recipe.


Only after refining blood deity Immortal Gu and killing a blood related relative would he be able to create a blood deity.


Right now, Fang Yuan might have a blood deity Immortal Gu recipe, but it was only seventy percent complete. When he had been an immortal zombie, he did not have the resources and effort to spare in completing this Immortal Gu recipe. Now he had revived, but he could no longer step in the light of wisdom.


“Even if I can’t use the light of wisdom, with my grandmaster attainment in blood path and wisdom path, it is enough to deduce the rest of the blood deity Immortal Gu recipe. It is just that the time and effort used would be far more than using light of wisdom.”


“Even after refining blood deity Immortal Gu, for killing Fang Zheng and creating a blood deity, I still need to change his point of view first, at least, I need to make him not have hatred towards me. Because refining a hatred filled relative into a blood deity will create backlash to the owner, they are like a double-edged sword, harming the enemies but also able to harm myself as well if I let go of my guard.”


Actually, there were many ways to influence someone’s feelings towards other people in the world of Gu Masters. Wisdom path had countless methods, emotion path was even more specialized in this.


Fang Yuan had quite a lot of such methods. As long as he wanted to, he could just use one to make Fang Zheng docile and loyal to him.


But doing so meant influencing Fang Zheng through external power, altering his true emotions. And when he is killed and refined into a blood deity, the wisdom path dao marks used on him would be cleared completely, leaving behind only pure blood path dao marks.


At that time, Fang Zheng’s true emotions would return.


Fang Yuan could only slowly change Fang Zheng’s emotions and perspective, and he would be able to get a blood deity that met his standards.


Obviously, changing Fang Zheng’s perspective would be a very long process, and the completion of blood deity Immortal Gu’s recipe was also a far-off project, at least, Fang Yuan currently did not have the time to do this. Not to mention, after he perfected the blood deity Immortal Gu recipe, he still would have to prepare immortal materials to refine Blood Deity. However, the last point was much easier than other paths, blood path Gu worms had a characteristic – the cost of their refinement was quite low.


These many reasons determined that the refinement plan of Blood Deity could only be a long term goal.


But no matter how long it took, as long as he moved forward step by step, persevering and not giving up, he would finally succeed.


Fang Yuan was currently taking out some time from his busy schedule to train Fang Zheng, reaching his goal slowly.


A thousand mile journey starts from a step, droplets of water form into river.


After understanding Fang Zheng’s situation, Fang Yuan activated Gu worms to produce fake will which then flew out.


This fake will would fly to Fang Zheng’s mind, replenishing the fake will that had been consumed in his mind.


A few days passed, Fang Yuan became very skilled in processing interior rain. Lang Ya land spirit then gave him another set of immortal materials to familiarize and gain proficiency in the Gu refinement technique.


Fang Yuan’s attention was mainly placed on this aspect in preparation for refining change form Immortal Gu.


When he was free, he would pay attention to his sovereign immortal aperture, inspect the changes in his immortal aperture and managing it.


Gu Masters nourished their aperture, and the aperture produced primeval essence which was then used to activate Gu worms. But regardless of if it were Gu worms, Gu materials or primeval stones, Gu Masters relied on the outside world for these cultivation resources.


At Gu Immortal level, the immortal aperture could not only produce immortal essence, it could also produce countless resources and they would be extremely safe and reliable, unlike the resources from the outside world which would need the Gu Immortal to watch all the time to prevent others from stealing them.


To a Gu Immortal, the immortal aperture was the safest production base. If it was managed properly, it would be an extremely huge help to the Gu Immortal, and be a solid foundation for them to rely on. Because of having the same dao marks, it could produce the most suitable resources needed for the Gu Immortal and produce food for Immortal Gu. Trading the resources with the outside world could earn the Gu Immortal a lot of immortal essence stones. There was even a chance of the immortal aperture having a completely new wild Immortal Gu formed!


Fang Yuan inspected his immortal aperture.


His immortal aperture was divided into ten layers, with the layout like the five regions and nine heavens.


Why was there such a layout, was it intentionally created like that by Spectral Soul or was it naturally formed? Fang Yuan did not know. After all, he had no role in creating sovereign immortal fetus Gu, he was only a lucky fellow who seized the fruits of success at the last moment.


Fang Yuan had conveniently named the layers by referencing the five regions and nine heavens, with just an addition of the word ‘mini’ in front; like Mini Northern Plains, Mini Eastern Sea and so on.


After making several observations, Fang Yuan had gradually discovered some minor mysteries of the sovereign immortal aperture.


He discovered: the sovereign immortal aperture’s five regions and nine heavens were not only similar to the outside world in layout, their environments were also almost the same.


For instance, Mini Northern Plains had the terrain of a boundless flat grassland, the wind path dao marks in the immortal aperture were somewhat more numerous in this area.


Most of the fire path dao marks in the immortal aperture were located in Mini Western Desert. Mini Southern Border had more earth path dao marks and also some poison path dao marks as well.


After discovering this, Fang Yuan had distributed his accumulated cultivation resources accordingly.


He placed the eerie fire dragon pythons in Mini Western Desert.


Dragonfish in Mini Eastern Sea.


Regretful spiders in Mini Southern Border.


Arrow bamboo forest, star fragment grass and so on in Mini Blue Heaven.


As for Mini Northern Plains, there were large numbers of snow monsters in there. These monsters remained behind from the first earthly calamity, and they included large numbers of desolate beast snow monsters, and even ancient desolate beast level snow monsters.


Fang Yuan did not have the time or energy to deal with these snow monsters for the moment and so he left them aside. Anyway, Mini Northern Plains was empty, with no precious resources and was quite large, so these snow monsters could move about freely, after all, they were unlike ruin bats which could pierce through the aperture walls.


Air bubble fish, shark fin wolf, literature carps, desolate beast giant horned sheep, worldly sand gull, oil water, rockmen, blood zhi forest, mirror willow trees and so on were also arranged properly.


While Fang Yuan was training his Gu refinement skills, he was also taking out some time to look after these resources.


Arrow bamboo forest, star fragment grass and so on might have been moved into Mini Blue Heaven, but their Gu worm production had fallen terrifyingly. Meanwhile, eerie fire dragon pythons and dragonfish experienced minor decrease in their reproduction. Only regretful spiders had similar production rate to beforehand.


There was nothing to be done, the sovereign immortal aperture might have broad prospects and unlimited potential, but currently it had only gone through one earthly calamity.


Although it possessed dao marks of every path, but there were only about a hundred dao marks of the majority of the paths.


The growth of regretful spiders relied on wisdom path dao marks, dragonfish on food path and water path dao marks, while the living environment of eerie fire dragon pythons had more fire path dao marks. The production of star path mortal Gu in arrow bamboo forest and the star fragment grass fields depended on star path dao marks.


He had previously placed these resources in Hu Immortal blessed land or Star Form blessed land.


The former had passed six or seven earthly calamities and had a lot of dao marks, its fire path and water path dao marks passed the numbers in the sovereign immortal aperture. While Star Form blessed land itself focused on star path, the sovereign immortal aperture simply could not be compared to it on this aspect.


However, not all the paths in the sovereign immortal aperture had only around a hundred dao marks.


Qi path dao marks were far higher in number, this was because Fang Yuan had killed the qi path Gu Immortal Qi Zai in Southern Border’s Five Regional Mountain Range and obtained his accumulation of qi path dao marks.


However, qi path dao marks were still not the highest in number, the highest were snow path dao marks.


Fang Yuan had passed his first earthly calamity with difficulty, actually calling it an ‘earthly calamity’ was not appropriate, it was so terrifying that it far surpassed the ten great catastrophes.


Calamities and tribulations had a rule, that was the balance of fortune and disaster, the stronger the might of the calamities and tribulations, the more benefits the Gu Immortal could receive after passing them.


The benefits here were referring to dao marks.


Fang Yuan obtained huge numbers of dao marks from his first earthly calamity.


Among them, snow path dao marks were the highest in number, following afterwards were strength path and transformation path dao marks. The latter two paths’ dao marks were lower in quantity to qi path. After all, Fang Yuan’s qi path dao marks were the lifetime accumulation of the rank seven Gu Immortal Qi Zai, while the strength path and transformation path dao marks were obtained just from the first earthly calamity.


These dao marks were already beginning to influence Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


It was still not noticeable in the other four small regions, but in Mini Northern Plains, there was already a large patch of snowy plain and its boundary was still slowly expanding.


This environment was good enough for Fang Yuan to plant many kinds of cold resistant vegetation.


Like when Hu Immortal blessed land’s environment changed after experiencing a few earthly calamities, and Hu Immortal was able to plant blue degree grass, chestnut grass, six divine grass, milk tea flowers and so on.


One main principle of managing immortal apertures was to act according to the environment.


To refine Change Form, Fang Yuan was preparing with all his effort, and in Central Continent, Ying Wu Xie’s group was also not idling.


They had obtained the light of the immemorial era, and started gathering other immortal materials listed in the Gu recipe.


They were able to resolve a small portion of the items from their own inventories, but there were still many that required them to buy from the outside world or exchange with others.


Ying Wu Xie had inherited the remnant forces of Shadow Sect, and was the boss of Defy, so his first choice was to trade for the resources from the organization.


Negotiations, bargaining, and finally transactions.


Gu Immortals chased after profits and with the loose structure of Defy, it was not easy to transact immortal materials.


Ying Wu Xie and Hei Lou Lan almost ran their mouths dry while negotiating. Shi Nu and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were not adept at negotiations.


After great pains and effort, Ying Wu Xie was finally able to gather three portions of Gu refinement materials.


“Yu Mu Chun is already dead, I have no choice but to give up on the hairy man heaven and earth style and use human isolation style to refine Fixed Immortal Travel. This method’s success rate is quite low, just three portions of immortal materials are not enough.”


Ying Wu Xie did not stop purchasing the materials, moreover to refine the Gu, he and the other three immortals took the risk of returning to Earth Abyss.


Shadow Sect had arranged a super Gu formation in Earth Abyss which could provide huge help in Gu refinement.


When Ying Wu Xie barely gathered six complete portions of immortal materials through Defy, a mishap occurred.


A member of Defy, demonic Gu Immortal Gong Sun Liang, who had been hiding in Ming Tang valley, was ambushed and captured by Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals! Gong Sun Liang sent a request for help to Defy, the whole of Defy had immediately fallen into a huge turbulence.


Gong Sun Liang, who had hidden himself very well, was actually captured. More importantly, Heavenly Court had personally made a move, this was truly shocking.


Most of the members of Defy were those that were suppressed or excluded by Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, and had secretly allied for survival. Meanwhile, the ten great ancient sects were no more than subsidiaries of Heavenly Court.


Facing the colossal Heavenly Court, everyone in Defy was feeling insecure, and feared Gong Sun Liang revealing clues that would implicate them.


“Damned Heavenly Court!” Ying Wu Xie could only curse at this.


Because of this event, other members of Defy went into hiding, and no longer dared to communicate with him, let alone trading immortal materials.


Ying Wu Xie knew they not only feared Heavenly Court, more than that they were doubtful of him, this boss. After all, previously, Gong Sun Liang had lent his Immortal Gu to Ying Wu Xie, and he was the one who met with disaster while the Immortal Gu remained with Ying Wu Xie. Was it the greed for Immortal Gu that the boss intentionally did not save Gong Sun Liang? This suspicion had caused the power and prestige of the boss’ name to take a huge hit.


Gong Sun Liang was captured, cutting down Ying Wu Xie’s optimal source of gathering immortal materials.


With no choice, they could only take help of treasure yellow heaven.


This was the biggest market in the five regions.


But the service charge was high and the transactions were not secret, they could easily be tracked down by those that had the intention.


In short, the risk was high, if not for there being no other way, Ying Wu Xie would not have used this method.


“Gong Sun Liang is captured, Heavenly Court will sooner or later find out about this place. Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord is dead, but Fairy Zi Wei has awakened. I must refine Fixed Immortal Travel as soon as possible!”


Ying Wu Xie was feeling more and more hurried.


His circumstances were also worsening by the day.


Shadow Sect had emptied out almost all their treasuries to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, even using Zombie Alliance as immortal materials to refine into the ten extreme formation.


Shi Nu might be rank seven, but his immortal aperture was not managed properly.


Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng had advanced to Gu Immortal not long ago and had limited accumulations.


Although treasure yellow heaven had a superb collection of immortal materials, Ying Wu Xie suffered from poverty and had to spend his remaining wealth very carefully. He had to haggle over the smallest details, who would want to transact immortal materials with him?


Finally, by the time Ying Wu Xie was able to gather ten portions of Gu refinement materials through treasure yellow heaven, he had almost reached the point where he shed tears of bitterness, his expression one of misery.


A tiger without strength gets bullied by dogs.


If now was before the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, there would be ten or twenty entire portions of rank six immortal materials which could be obtained from just a fraction of Shadow Sect’s treasury. Even if the materials were not in the treasury, with just one order, Zombie Alliance over the five regions would mobilize large numbers of immortal zombies to gather the immortal materials.


Why would he get into this state!


To gather the immortal materials, the current Ying Wu Xie and the rest had almost already emptied out their pockets.


“I must succeed in refining Fixed Immortal Travel! I must succeed!” Ying Wu Xie inwardly cried out.


His situation was filled with difficulties, while Fang Yuan was progressing smoothly.


Fang Yuan had already discussed with Lang Ya land spirit, even if the first Gu refinement did not succeed, they would still continue.


As for the immortal materials required for the second or the third time, Fang Yuan would have to bear all the costs.


He had ample money on hand, or rather, he had extremely ample money on hand .


The production of his major resources had decreased, but Fang Yuan’s earnings had instead multiplied by several times!


The reason?


The time path foundation in Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture was extremely abundant, the rate of time inside was as high as sixty times that of the outside world.


What did that imply?


One day in the outside world was two months inside the sovereign immortal aperture!


With such an increase in time, there would be more resources produced, completely making up for the reduction in the production rate.


However, only a part of these resources would be sold by Fang Yuan. When negotiating with Lang Ya land spirit, Fang Yuan had intentionally mortgaged Dang Hun Mountain. In any case, Fang Yuan was able to pay the debt.


But this, however, gave Lang Ya land spirit plenty of motivation.


Lang Ya land spirit was slightly worried that the Gu refinement would succeed in one go, wouldn’t that mean he would be unable to take the chance to obtain Dang Hun Mountain?
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1067: Both Sides Refine Gu

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


Several days later, in a deep part of Central Continent’s Earth Abyss.


Shi Nu came back from the outside, reporting to Ying Wu Xie: “Master, I have already investigated clearly. Because of the huge cave-in, there was a massive commotion, Ancient Soul Sect sent out three Gu Immortals to investigate. According to your instructions, I have already lured several ancient desolate beasts and five desolate beast groups to them. Because there seems to be wild Immortal Gu in them, the three Gu Immortals from Ancient Soul Sect will be kept busy.”


Shi Nu was a rockman, he was born with earth path dao marks. Shi Nu’s earth path cultivation was extremely useful in an environment like Earth Abyss.


Ying Wu Xie nodded: “You did well in this matter, but heaven’s will is everywhere, do not be careless. When I am refining Gu, heaven’s will might influence these Gu Immortals to cause them to come here and ruin our plan!”


Shi Nu thought for a moment before speaking: “Master is right, but in this direction, we have already arranged three groups of desolate beasts to obstruct them. Even if they get past the desolate beasts and arrive here, we will have enough time to react.”


Ying Wu Xie shook his head slightly: “You have not seen the true power of heaven’s will. Not only can it influence Gu Immortals, it can also affect desolate beasts and desolate plants. At the crucial moment, these desolate beast groups might charge at us.”


Shi Nu’s expression changed: “If the desolate beast group charges here... what do we do?”


What he meant was, were his earlier preparations of luring the beast groups simply shooting themselves in the foot?


“No need to worry. My confidence does not lie in these desolate beast groups or ancient desolate beasts. It is in this super Gu formation!” Ying Wu Xie said as an insightful light flashed across his eyes.


Here was the safest place in Central Continent.


This super Gu formation covered all aspects, it not only hid them from heaven’s will, it prevented the deductions of wisdom path Gu Immortals, and also had incredible offense and defense, it could even assist in refining Gu.


When Spectral Soul was in the door of life and death, he devoured souls and gained the memories and cultivation experiences of countless Gu Immortals. When he was alive, he was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, his talent was top tier even throughout history.


Experiences of formation path and refinement path were all absorbed by Spectral Soul, he saved a lot of time and effort because of this, he raised his formation path, refinement path, and other paths’ attainment levels to great grandmaster.


And this super Gu formation was designed by Spectral Soul in the door of life and death, one could imagine how powerful it was.


Ying Wu Xie was relying on this super Gu formation to refine Gu, it was an ingenious idea.


Even if desolate beast groups or ancient desolate beasts came charging, he could use the super Gu formation to kill these desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts, using their souls to fuel the super Gu formation and increase its might. Thus, there was no issue of creating trouble for themselves.


Shi Nu’s worry was undue, even though he had lived here for a long time, he did not know the true power of this Gu formation.


“I did not destroy Spring Autumn Cicada, heaven’s will resides inside this Gu, thus, the location of the super Gu formation is known by heaven’s will. But it is not a problem, even if Heavenly Court’s rank eight Gu Immortals attack us, I can defend us for some time. With Heaven Overseeing Tower destroyed now, even though they have fate Gu, the chances of Heavenly Court getting here are low!”


Ying Wu Xie did not give up on Spring Autumn Cicada after careful consideration.


Fang Yuan could use Spring Autumn Cicada to destroy Shadow Sect’s plan of a hundred thousand years. Then why couldn’t Ying Wu Xie also use Spring Autumn Cicada as his final trump card?


Heaven’s will was vast, it only cared about balance, it did not bear grudges. Anyone who threatens this world or threatens the life forms in this world would be targeted by heaven’s will.


Right now, heaven’s will’s main target was Fang Yuan, not Ying Wu Xie.


Thus, even though Spring Autumn Cicada was full of heaven’s will, it was still useful to Ying Wu Xie.


And in Ying Wu Xie’s plans, he was going to re-refine Spring Autumn Cicada, to clear out the heaven’s will inside, making this legendary Gu his own.


But these were future plans.


Right now, Ying Wu Xie’s mind was on refining Fixed Immortal Travel.


This Immortal Gu was the key to resolving his problem!


With this Immortal Gu, he could go anywhere, he would regain the freedom he needed.


“There is no time, we should refine Fixed Immortal Travel now. Shi Nu, don’t resist, I will activate the Gu formation and send you to the formation core, you will assist me with refining the Gu.” Ying Wu Xie ordered.


“Yes master, I will do my best, even if I have to stake my life!” Shi Nu quickly responded.


After moving Shi Nu, Ying Wu Xie also came to the most central formation core. As for Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan, they were moved to two other formation cores.


Even though it was only a rank six Fixed Immortal Travel, this Gu refinement was very significant to Shadow Sect’s future, and even the situation of the five regions.


The Gu refinement began!


Half a month later, Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land.


The first refinement attempt of change form Immortal Gu was about to begin.


Fang Yuan stood in Cloud Cover Continent, he was looking at Lang Ya land spirit with a serious expression.


Lang Ya land spirit was no longer so sagely, he was muscular and brawny, he had black hair on his body as he floated in the sky like a demonic god.


He growled, his voice filled the scene, clouds scattered upon his action.


Dao marks seemed to have lit up due to his voice, the surroundings were full of them.


“These dao marks are mostly refinement path dao marks, they are exceptionally good assistance in Gu refinement!” Lang Ya land spirit introduced proudly.


He growled again.


While growling, lumps of light shined in the entire sky, they shone with beautiful and vibrant lights, it was a dazzling sight.


“What is happening in the sky?”


“Quickly look, an immortal miracle has occurred again!”


“Not long ago, there was a rainbow beam, and now, there are rainbow stars in the sky, this is such a grand sight!”


At once, in Black Hair Continent, Yellow Hair Continent, and White Hair Continent, there were huge commotions as all sorts of people, from beggars to royalty, looked up with enthusiastic gazes, at the stars in the sky.


“Each star is oozing with Immortal Gu aura, these are the components of the Immortal Gu House, Refinement Cauldron?” Fang Yuan asked in a questioning tone.


Lang Ya land spirit nodded, saying regretfully: “You guessed right, it is a pity that most of the core Immortal Gu are gone, if Refinement Cauldron was intact, the chances of refining change form Immortal Gu are sixty percent!”


“But forget it if its lost, I am not going to repair Refinement Cauldron anyway, what can the complete Refinement Cauldron do? True strength does not lie in Immortal Gu, it depends on the Gu Immortal themselves.”


“Pay attention, I am about to start!”


At this time, the dao marks in the surrounding hundred li lit up, the sky was shining in rainbow colors.


Lang Ya land spirit was high in the sky, countless Gu worms were flying around him, large numbers of mortal Gu materials were instantly refined by him, the speed was so fast Fang Yuan could barely keep up by looking.


In a while, Lang Ya land spirit growled: “Your turn.”


In an instant, Fang Yuan’s vision changed, he replaced Lang Ya land spirit in his position, floating in the air. As for Lang Ya land spirit, he was standing on the ground, watching Fang Yuan.


As it turned out, Lang Ya land spirit had assessed the situation and decided that this Gu refinement was going to use a dual Immortal Gu refinement method. Lang Ya land spirit was going to use the hairy man Gu refinement method, while Fang Yuan was going to process the important immortal materials. They held equal importance in this.


Fang Yuan was amply prepared. After appearing in the sky, he waved his hands as he took out a large basin of interior rain.


Lang Ya land spirit saw this and nodded, feeling slightly pleased.


Fang Yuan was calm and collected, he had deep foundation in the basics, his methods also had an indescribable essence of profundity.


“This lad is worthily a reborn individual, with his previous life’s experiences, his refinement path attainment level is reaching grandmaster. But to take this final step, it will not be easy.” Lang Ya land spirit assessed.


The Gu refinement proceeded smoothly, all of the steps were meticulously followed. Even if accidents occurred, they were small and negligible.


Fang Yuan and Lang Ya land spirit made ample preparations. And because Fang Yuan and Lang Ya land spirit were not unskilled in refinement path, it was a cooperation of two experts. It was not strange to have such progress.


For three days and nights, Lang Ya land spirit and Fang Yuan worked without rest, their hard work paid off in the form of an incomplete Immortal Gu.


Lang Ya land spirit saw this and was overjoyed: “It seems that this first Gu refinement is likely to succeed! As long as the last few steps have no issues...”


Before he finished his words, the sky rumbled, thunder resounded as lightning flashed.


The Immortal Gu was about to form, tribulation descended!


Fang Yuan’s expression changed, but his hands were still stable, manipulating the mystical icy flame, tempering the incomplete Immortal Gu.


“Don’t worry, it is merely a rank six Immortal Gu’s tribulation, it is nothi... what?!” Lang Ya land spirit’s pitch became extremely high, like a rooster held by its neck.


His eyes were staring wide at the rumbling tribulation lightning in the sky.


Before the tribulation descended, the intensity and aura had already far surpassed the standards of rank six in Lang Ya land spirit’s memories.


In fact, even rank seven Immortal Gu would not result in such tribulation lightning!


“Why did this happen?!” Lang Ya land spirit growled angrily in confusion.


“First supreme elder, take care of the Gu refinement, I will deal with the tribulation.” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth.


“No! At the crucial moment, you cannot leave, your Dog Shit Luck is protecting the Immortal Gu. Let me deal with the tribulation, everyone, form the ancient battle formation!” Lang Ya land spirit shouted.


As he said that, close to ten hairy man Gu Immortals flew to him. As silvery light flashed, a huge silver giant appeared again!


The second ranked battle formation in the Olden Antiquity Era — Heavenly Giant Solor!


Central Continent, Earth Abyss.


“Huff, huff, huff...” Ying Wu Xie breathed roughly, his eyes were red, he was like a gambler who had lost almost all his money, and was desperate to recoup his losses.


Since half a month ago, he had been trying to refine Fixed Immortal Travel, up until now, he had already failed eight times!


“Damn it, I only have two chances left.”


“I have the Gu formation to help me, but I still failed eight times. The human isolation style truly has lower success rate compared to the hairy man heaven and earth style.”


“However, even if Yu Mu Chun were still alive, I would never use the hairy man heaven and earth style. Heaven’s will wants to get rid of me, if I give it this opportunity, it will use the tribulations to attack. If a tribulation that counters the super Gu formation destroys it, there will be trouble!”


“Fang Yuan does not know about heaven’s will, he is using the hairy man heaven and earth style. Hehe, good luck to him.”
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1068: Success and Failure

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


Boom! Boom! Boom!


Loud sounds resounded non stop as the entire sky of Cloud Cover Continent shook.


“This is the heavenly drum thunder tribulation!” Lang Ya land spirit said inside the ancient battle formation Heavenly Giant Solor.


His face was showing shock and confusion.


“With this heavenly drum thunder tribulation, every time thunder booms, formless astral lightning would form in the Gu Immortal’s body, destroying their intestines and organs, the force can blow up mountains and crack boulders. This is a sound path and lightning path tribulation, normal Gu Immortals cannot defend against it easily, they are also sure to die in this tribulation. However, Fang Yuan, you do not need to fear, this place is surrounded with refinement path dao marks, it is the best defense. Furthermore, I have methods to resist it, as long as Heavenly Giant Solor is around, you will be safe!”


While feeling anxious, Lang Ya land spirit transmitted this to Fang Yuan, he was afraid that Fang Yuan would be distracted by the tribulation, causing the Gu refinement to end up in failure.


Even though Lang Ya land spirit wanted to get Dang Hun Mountain, and Fang Yuan failing to refine the Gu would help in this, he was a land spirit that had to follow his promises, this was an agreement made by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Long Hair Ancestor, he had to do his best to help Fang Yuan without scheming against him.


Fang Yuan floated in the air, completely unaffected by the rumbling thunder outside.


His expression was calm, his mind was also ice cool.


Lang Ya land spirit’s worry was excessive, Fang Yuan had undergone so many battles, the five regions chaotic war, the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he had experienced all of these chaotic scenes, he was immune to such interference.


He was composed, his fingers moved quickly, like flowers blooming, he stably proceeded with the Gu refinement.


Boom boom boom.


Every thunderous sound would cause the giant silver body of Heavenly Giant Solor to shake.


The hairy man Gu Immortals who formed the battle formation felt agitated, their hair was standing on end, as if an apocalypse was coming.


Lang Ya land spirit snorted coldly: “I have a move that counters sound path. Behold my immortal killer move — Silent World!”


The silver giant shone with boundless brilliance.


The silvery light was sharp, like shards of the sun.


Fang Yuan shut his eyes in time, as he activated several defensive killer moves.


The silvery light flickered and vanished without a trace.


Silent world!


No more thunder was heard.


In the sky, dark clouds loomed as countless bolts of lightning flashed in the clouds.


But the thunder that accompanied every flash of lightning was gone.


After a long time, the sounds of thunder returned, from soft gradually to loud.


“With just this heavenly drum thunder tribulation’s size, even if it expands by ten times, it cannot interrupt the Gu refinement.” Lang Ya land spirit had just said this smugly when the dark clouds in the sky transformed.


Numerous blue light lumps shot down from the dark clouds, each light lump was a blue charm lightning shadow!


This was a lightning fiend, its battle strength matched rank six Gu Immortals.


When Hu Immortal underwent tribulation, she died because of a blue charm lightning shadow. And now, Fang Yuan had to face twenty of them!


Lang Ya land spirit’s eyes were bulging, he yelled: “What is going on? Why is there a second blue charm lightning shadow tribulation? And the size is actually twenty times of the usual!”


Even with Lang Ya land spirit’s long life and countless experiences, he was visibly fazed.


Fang Yuan’s heart jumped, this was so similar to the situation when he was undergoing tribulation.


“During my first earthly calamity, it surpassed a heavenly tribulation. This time, during change form Immortal Gu’s refinement, the same thing happened, there are actually twenty blue charm lightning shadows! If I encountered this during my earthly calamity, I would have died without question!”


During Fang Yuan’s first earthly calamity, the heaven and earth qi turned into some iron crown eagles, two ancient ruin bats, and countless ancient snow monsters, desolate beast snow monsters, and others...


In terms of size, his first earthly calamity was larger, but Fang Yuan barely passed it.


If he encountered this earthly calamity with twenty blue charm lightning shadows, he would not be able to live.


During his earthly calamity, the ancient ruin bats had just formed when Fang Yuan resolutely attacked them with his full power without hesitation, destroying them. Fang Yuan had high offense and low defense, this was making use of his advantage.


But if he fought against twenty blue charm lightning shadows, it would be different.


Blue charm lightning shadows were fast, their battle strength matched rank six Gu Immortals, even if Fang Yuan used triple layered sword wave, he could not hit them.


Fang Yuan had rank seven and eight Immortal Gu, but they were not defensive Immortal Gu. Fang Yuan had strong attacks, but weak defensive methods, he was countered by the blue charm lightning shadows.


“The underlying problem is, I developed too quickly, my foundations are unstable, I have too many weaknesses now.” Fang Yuan had a thought.


Actually, he had discovered this problem long ago.


But since the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he had been pressed for time, he had no free time to make up for these aspects.


Twenty blue charm lightning shadows charged at Fang Yuan together. They were so fast, like lightning, Fang Yuan only saw several blue traces before they all got near him.


Lang Ya land spirit shouted in panic, using another immortal killer move.


The silver giant’s body was shining in light, within the pure white light, the silver giant’s body expanded until it multiplied a dozen times in size.


The original silver giant was already huge, with this transformation, its feet stepped on Cloud Cover Continent while its head extended up towards the heavens!


The silver giant’s mountain-like body shook intensely, it used another immortal killer move.


The blue charm lightning shadows were already at Fang Yuan’s left and right, they crashed into a sudden wall of light that appeared and were bounced back.


After saving Fang Yuan, the silver giant raised its hands, clasping them together to form a circle, with Fang Yuan inside.


Its arms were huge, they covered the surrounding space around Fang Yuan.


“The situation, is bad, even though my killer move can defend against blue charm lightning shadows, your refinement is still being interrupted. You need to be careful now, stronger attacks might be coming at you, if you fail to hold firm, the Gu refinement will fail!” Lang Ya land spirit transmitted again.


Fang Yuan nodded, he did not speak, his expression was heavy.


While refining Gu now, there were countless refinement path dao marks helping him, and even the remaining portion of Refinement Cauldron was in the air assisting him. But the silver giant’s battle with the blue charm lightning shadows would disturb the dao marks, causing countless tremors. These were all problems for Fang Yuan! If he made a mistake, his hard work would be wasted.


Bam bam bam!


Loud clashing sounds entered Fang Yuan’s ears.


The blue charm lightning shadows were like blue bees, surrounding the silver giant and attacking at its two hands.


They were moving quickly, while the silver giant was moving clumsily.


“You bunch of fools!” Lang Ya land spirit scolded.


He had to protect Fang Yuan and keep his arms stable, he could not be distracted, thus, the matter of resisting the blue charm lightning shadows was left to the other hairy man Gu Immortals.


But these hairy man Gu Immortals had low battle strength, they were unskilled in controlling the giant. Even though they did their best, the immortal killer moves they used either failed, or even if they succeeded, in the outside world, they created flashy effects but had little impact.


After a long time, they only killed one blue charm lightning shadow, and that was because of a lucky hit.


Lang Ya land spirit did not even have the energy to yell at them.


“Right now, it is really bad.” He was full of worries.


The silver giant was created with Heavenly Giant Solor, it had expanded by more than ten times, with less defense than before. It could only take a beating while the blue charm lightning shadows attacked, it was getting more transparent, fading with time.


Even though Fang Yuan’s situation was stabilized, because of the outside interference, his speed fell drastically.


Lang Ya land spirit estimated that with this speed, the silver giant could not last until the end.


He was already occupied now, while Fang Yuan was focusing on the Gu refinement, they could not fight.


Without external help, this refinement was bound to fail!


“Thankfully, this is my first try, it is okay if it fails, I have funds.” Fang Yuan’s attitude was actually rather good, he had a positive mindset.


When refining Immortal Gu, who could expect to succeed on the first try?


Fang Yuan could bear the failure, but over in Central Continent’s Earth Abyss, Ying Wu Xie had no alternatives left.


“This is the final chance, the final set of immortal materials, I cannot fail again!” Ying Wu Xie’s forehead was covered in sweat, he gritted his teeth.


He was like a wolf that was forced to the edge of the cliff.


Once he failed, to gather another batch of immortal materials, it would be extremely difficult.


“In this situation, I can only use my trump card... I can’t care less about the backlash, I need to get through this crisis first!”


Ying Wu Xie made up his mind and activated a certain immortal killer move.


An intense pain assaulted the depths of his soul.


Under the effect of the immortal killer move, his entire soul turned into fuel and started burning. At the same time, his luck rose gradually!


“My main body had explored Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and created this move... luckily, I obtained rank seven soul howl Gu earlier, together with some mortal Gu, I can use this move.”


Determination flashed across Ying Wu Xie’s eyes.


He was going all in, using a huge amount of luck to help himself in refining Fixed Immortal Travel.


“I can definitely succeed this time!!” He screamed internally.


Inside Lang Ya blessed land, there was great danger.


The silver giant was extremely weak, it was on the verge of collapsing.


The hairy man Gu Immortals in the giant suffered severe injuries, some of them had burst arteries, they were spitting out blood, some had fainted while others were trembling intensely, throwing up frothy saliva.


They had assembled the ancient battle formation, now that the formation was damaged, the injuries were reflected onto them.


There were eleven blue charm lightning shadows left.


Be it Fang Yuan or Lang Ya land spirit, they were in despair.


“The next time I refine Gu, I will definitely not use the hairy man heaven and earth style!” Fang Yuan swore to himself, at this moment, he felt that the human isolation style was very wonderful.


“I am actually going to fail this time, my Lang Ya blessed land’s reputation is ruined, it is the fault of these tribulations that increased in strength so ridiculously!” Lang Ya land spirit was furious.


“Alright, it is almost time to stop.” Gu Immortal Sixth Hair thought to himself.


He was the spy that Shadow Sect had placed in Lang Ya blessed land, there were three of them formerly, now he was the only one left.


He was the one communicating with Ying Wu Xie, giving him the information about Fang Yuan and the blessed land.


While resisting the blue charm lightning shadows, he did not help much, in fact he was doing sabotage. From Shadow Sect’s perspective, they were unwilling to see Fang Yuan refine change form Immortal Gu.


“For the final attack, let’s use killer move one arm sacrifice!” Sixth Hair thought as he almost laughed out loud.


Even though this move was powerful, it would greatly weaken the silver giant. Now that the silver giant was on the brink of breaking apart, once this move was used, it would definitely collapse.


“If I use this move, the ancient battle formation would collapse, not only would Fang Yuan’s refinement fail, the backlash of the ancient battle formation would also kill many of the hairy man Gu Immortals. After surviving, I would be given even greater responsibilities. This is perfect, simply perfect!”


Cold light flashed in his eyes, the traitor Sixth Hair used one arm sacrifice resolutely!


One of the silver giant’s arms left its body, as it fell, a bright light was emitted.


“Oh no! Which idiot...” Lang Ya land spirit’s expression changed, he was about to scold.


Suddenly!


This severed arm was hit by an immortal killer move and erupted with incredible strength as it flew far away.


Boom!


With a loud crash, an intense explosion occurred, it happened to hit the surrounding blue charm lightning shadows.


These blue charm lightning shadows were flying around everywhere, at that moment, coincidentally, most of them were gathered together, and were hit by this explosion, they all died at once.


Stunning results!


Fang Yuan was dazed.


Sixth Hair was shocked: “This, this actually worked?!”


Lang Ya land spirit was also in a daze, he shouted after a while: “Good attack!!”


With this change, the silver giant collapsed, and the hairy man Gu Immortals were all injured. But there were only three blue charm lightning shadows left, the situation turned around quickly.


Just Lang Ya land spirit alone could deal with these blue charm lightning shadows.


Sixth Hair was in regret, he wanted to attack but Lang Ya land spirit ordered him to take care of the other hairy man Gu Immortals.


An hour later, Fang Yuan held the newly refined change form Immortal Gu as he stood in disbelief.


“The first refinement attempt succeeded?”


Central Continent, Earth Abyss.


Puff!


Ying Wu Xie spat out blood as he fell backwards.


His expression was pale, he fainted at once.


The final attempt at refining Fixed Immortal Travel failed!
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1069: Heavenly Court!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


The butterfly fluttered its wings, it flew up and down, as jade green light scattered below its beautiful wings.


Eventually, it landed on the tip of Fairy Zi Wei’s slender white finger.


Fairy Zi Wei looked at this jade butterfly deeply, smiling as she said: “This is Fixed Immortal Travel?”


“Precisely.” An old female Gu Immortal beside her said expressionlessly.


This old woman had a hunched back, she was bending down, her hair was yellow like wheat, her face was wrinkled and her eyes were blurry.


She wore a brown-yellow robe, there was a ring of sand around her waist.


Fairy Zi Wei turned around, expressing her gratitude sincerely: “Merely a rank six Immortal Gu, it actually needed a refinement path great grandmaster like Granny Sha to refine, this was truly its honor.”


This old female Gu Immortal was a member of Heavenly Court, she had recently woken up.


She had rank eight cultivation level, she was several thousand years old, there were no records about her age, but there were such antiques in Heavenly Court, except that her refinement path great grandmaster status was very rare.


Fairy Zi Wei knew a bit more.


She was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, she could deduce many secrets from small clues.


She knew that this Granny Sha had little lifespan, she had to sleep in Heavenly Court to delay the arrival of her death. But she and Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord were from the same generation, they were even in a relationship during their younger years.


During the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord sacrificed himself and died, this alarmed Granny Sha, she took the initiative to end her hibernation and woke up.


Granny Sha looked at Fixed Immortal Travel in Fairy Zi Wei’s hand as she sighed deeply: “I am an old woman with half my body inside the coffin, what honor is there? By refining Fixed Immortal Travel this time, can I really help you to capture that Fang Yuan?”


Refining Fixed Immortal Travel needed the crucial immortal material, the light of the immemorial era.


By this era, it could no longer be found by normal Gu Immortals, but Heavenly Court was an exception.


This was the number one Gu Immortal organization in the world, present since the Remote Antiquity Era, it had been in a leading role throughout history, arrogantly looking down on all five regions.


Wind Cloud Manor was only a sect under Heavenly Court, but they already had the light of the immemorial era in their inventory, Heavenly Court’s own treasury undoubtedly had more.


Thus, Granny Sha could rush to refine Fixed Immortal Travel without lacking immortal materials.


This was the foundation of Heavenly Court after being around for three million years!


Towards Granny Sha’s question, Fairy Zi Wei smiled: “This is the result of my deduction, I have sixty percent assurance.”


Surprise flashed across Granny Sha’s eyes: “You and tower lord are wisdom path Gu Immortals on par with one another, with sixty percent assurance, there is a need to try.”


Fairy Zi Wei nodded lightly: “To speak the truth, I was able to deduce because of luck, as I had gotten some crucial information. Fang Yuan having Fixed Immortal Travel and Spring Autumn Cicada is no longer a secret. Some time ago, we captured a demonic path Gu Immortal, Gong Sun Liang, we learned about the boss who had borrowed Gu from him. Next, we investigated several areas that Fang Yuan might have appeared in, one of them was pot river. At Wind Cloud Manor, Gu Immortal Feng Chan Zi stole the light of the immemorial era from their treasury and sold it to an outsider.”


“Thus, you deduced that Fang Yuan’s Fixed Immortal Travel has already been destroyed, right?” Granny Sha asked.


“That was a possibility, but looking at the result, we were right.” Fairy Zi Wei answered.


“That Fang Yuan has many Immortal Gu, Spring Autumn Cicada has already been sealed, while Fixed Immortal Travel is with us. This way, it is much easier to capture him.” Granny Sha said.


Fairy Zi Wei shook her head, she sighed lightly: “Actually, Fixed Immortal Travel is not a problem. It is merely a rank six Immortal Gu, there are too many ways to deal with it.”


“That’s right.” Granny Sha agreed: “It is almost impossible to raise Fixed Immortal Travel to rank seven or eight. The light of the immemorial era needed is too much, even in Heavenly Court’s treasury, we can only try to refine the rank seven version three times. As for rank eight Fixed Immortal Travel, it is consigned to history.”


During the Immemorial Antiquity Era, there was an unlimited amount of light, but now, it was an extinct immortal material.


But Fixed Immortal Travel required the light of the immemorial era to refine.


Rank six Fixed Immortal Travel could not transport rank seven Gu Immortals, not to mention rank eights.


These Gu Immortals had plentiful dao marks in them. To transport them using Fixed Immortal Travel was like asking a baby to carry an elephant.


Unless there was a Gu Immortal specialized in space path, or if a special immortal killer move was used.


But such a situation was extremely rare, in general, Fixed Immortal Travel was capped at rank six, even though it had a great effect, it had little use to rank seven and eight Gu Immortals.


Granny Sha continued: “Actually, in Heavenly Court’s history, we have owned Fixed Immortal Travel multiple times. In most situations, we gave them to the lower sects for use, and because of tribulations and others reasons, they were lost. Once, Fixed Immortal Travel was in the hands of Heavenly Court Gu Immortal Liang Liang, he raised it to rank seven. This person cultivated space path alone, but during the rampage of immemorial desolate beasts, he battled and died, the rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel was destroyed during that time.”


Rank six Fixed Immortal Travel was treasured by Fang Yuan, but in the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals’ eyes, it was almost an unnoteworthy object.


It was unusable, thus in many situations, it was given to the ten ancient sects, so that they could display its greatest worth and control the situation in Central Continent.


To think that Fang Yuan relied on Fixed Immortal Travel to create so much trouble in the world.


It was still the same saying —


There was no strongest Gu worm, only strongest Gu Master (Gu Immortal)!


The effect of a Gu worm not only depended on the Gu worm itself, the more important reason was the user, the Gu Master.


Fairy Zi Wei continued: “Rushing to refine Fixed Immortal Travel and sealing Spring Autumn Cicada merely cut Fang Yuan’s wings. The true problem is finding his hiding spot. Now, I will deduce with my full strength and find him in Central Continent. Granny Sha, I will need your help to refine Immortal Gu and restore Heaven Overseeing Tower.”


Granny Sha nodded and said in a heavy tone: “Tower lord is dead, I couldn’t save him. But I can rebuild Heaven Overseeing Tower, I am sure he would rest in peace behind the door of life and death if he knows this. Goodbye.”


Granny Sha said this as Fairy Zi Wei summoned another Gu Immortal, Myriad Tidal Dragon.


“Feng Chan Zi almost made a great blunder through this selfish use of public assets. It seems that Central Continent has been peaceful for too long, the sects are all complacent and rotting, how can such scoundrels be allowed to tarnish the reputation of Heavenly Court? Punish him to guard Hidden Dragon Cave and Di Zang Sheng for twenty years. If that Evil Dragon manages to move even a bit, he would be failing his duties, we will take his life as punishment.” Fairy Zi Wei said as cold light flickered in her eyes.


Myriad Tidal Dragon nodded as he frowned slightly: “What about Old Man Bei Feng?”


Feng Chan Zi was Old Man Bei Feng’s grandson, he was very doted on. Most importantly, with Old Man Bei Feng’s accumulated achievements and battle strength potential, he could already rise to Heavenly Court and become one of its members.


Among the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, not all rank eight Gu Immortals can ascend to Heavenly Court and become members. One had to be exceptional.


Fairy Zi Wei smiled: “If Old Man Bei Feng wants to come to Heavenly Court, I will personally welcome him. But his grandson will now be guarding Hidden Dragon Cave, with Feng Chan Zi’s rank six cultivation level, he cannot deal with it. Since nobody in Heavenly Court is willing to take care of that mess, we will let Old Man Bei Feng handle it.”


After pausing for a while, Fairy Zi Wei continued: “I called you here today because I deduced many identities of Defy’s members, I want you to go personally and capture a number of them, so that I can get more clues.”


“Understood.” Myriad Tidal Dragon accepted the order.


Now that Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was dead, as the only remaining wisdom path great grandmaster, Fairy Zi Wei was tasked to lead Heavenly Court.


A wisdom path Gu Immortal was most suited for this job.


Of course, she was only leading Heavenly Court temporarily.


Heavenly Court Gu Immortals had equal status, not one of the rank eight Gu Immortals had absolute authority, they had to discuss matters between all of them. Unless there was an Immortal Venerable leading them, that would be a different story.


“Granny Sha is rebuilding Heaven Overseeing Tower.”


“Myriad Tidal Dragon is outside capturing the members of Defy.”


“Wei Ling Yang is internally investigating Heavenly Court and modifying our investigative methods, times are different now, we cannot let more traitors come in.”


“Now, I will go all out to deduce Fang Yuan’s location. We cannot stall this!”


Thinking of this, Fairy Zi Wei’s brows rose slightly.


It seemed from the result from her last deduction, that the more she targeted Fang Yuan, the more Fang Yuan and Shadow Sect would cooperate.


From Heavenly Court’s perspective, Spectral Soul was the main target, they could not rest until he was dead.


Right now, Spectral Soul’s main body was trapped in Southern Border’s super dream realm. Heavenly Court did not (and could not) act, they could only watch as Spectral Soul died slowly in the dream realm.


Thus, Heavenly Court’s focus was on Fang Yuan and Shadow Sect’s remnant forces.


To prevent them from saving Spectral Soul.


Shadow Sect’s remnant forces, like Zombie Alliance, was already facing the assault of people sent by Fairy Zi Wei. Fang Yuan was her current focus, Fixed Immortal Travel was not an issue, but Spring Autumn Cicada was different.


If Fang Yuan went back to the past and rewrote history, what would happen?!


Central Continent, deep in Earth Abyss.


Ying Wu Xie woke up slowly.


“What happened? This is...” Ying Wu Xie was in a daze, gradually, clarity returned to his eyes.


He remembered everything.


“Damn it, I failed in refining Fixed Immortal Travel! After using my trump card, my luck rose immensely, why did I not succeed? Now, I have lost everything, and my soul’s injury is severe.” Ying Wu Xie had a pale expression as he clenched his fists.


He was upset, and also lost, he did not know what to do now.


Suddenly, the surroundings shook, Ying Wu Xie’s super Gu formation started to activate rapidly.


“Oh no! This is the deduction of a wisdom path great expert, the super Gu formation’s automatic defenses has been activated!” Ying Wu Xie gasped in his mind, his face turned even more pale now, without a trace of rosiness.
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1070: Sacrifice A Rook To Save The King

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


In Central Continent, who would deduce Ying Wu Xie?


Ying Wu Xie’s first thought was Heavenly Court.


The number one Gu Immortal force in the world since the Remote Antiquity Era.


The Heavenly Court that three Demon Venerables could not take down.


The Heavenly Court that had three generations of Immortal Venerables leading it.


Even when Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was invincible in the world, he did not attempt to attack Heavenly Court.


The supreme Heavenly Court!


As the super Gu formation continued to run, resisting the wisdom path deductions of the mysterious great expert, the entire Gu formation was shining in dark eerie light, it was cracking under the pressure.


“In just a short time, who is it that has made the super Gu formation so overworked? Only Heavenly Court’s wisdom path great expert can do it!” Ying Wu Xie’s expression was pale, his back was covered in sweat.


After Spectral Soul Demon Venerable died, and he returned to the door of life and death, Shadow Sect had existed, having been developed over a hundred thousand years, achieving its peak due to immaculate planning, but after the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, the losses were terrible, only some remnant forces were left. Now, Spectral Soul was stuck in the dream realm, only Ying Wu Xie was left as the final hope.


Ying Wu Xie knew deeply how heavy the burden on him was.


If he was deduced, without Fixed Immortal Travel to teleport and escape, he would definitely be assaulted by a large number of Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, until he died.


“Never mind if I die, but my main body will fall into a desperate situation. I, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, will die for real! I will become history. I am not resigned to that fate!”


Ying Wu Xie howled, he struggled to get up.


He invested his attention and immortal essence into the super Gu formation.


The Gu formation started to become more stable, the eerie light flowed like water, moving in the formation, the cracking sounds also became softer.


With a Gu Immortal controlling it, the Gu formation could display a completely different level of power!


Earlier, this super Gu formation did not have Ying Wu Xie controlling it, but it could still defend against Fairy Zi Wei’s deductions. With Ying Wu Xie’s support, its might rose by more than ten times, the situation was under control.


But Ying Wu Xie’s situation was becoming worse.


He had just woken up, his condition was not good.


Because the Gu refinement failed, and he used his trump card killer move to increase his luck, his soul was severely injured.


After waking up, he controlled the super Gu formation without rest, he did not even have time to heal his injuries.


Ying Wu Xie controlled the super Gu formation for a while, he felt dizzy and saw stars in the air, his body was shaking as he almost fainted again.


“No! This super Gu formation is hard to control, we have to defend against the wisdom path deduction, my mental energy is severely drained, I cannot continue resisting it.”


Ying Wu Xie’s heart sank.


“Shi Nu! Hei Lou Lan!” He called, left with no choice, he told these two the secret method to manipulate the super Gu formation and let them control it.


A while later, he could not endure it anymore, he fainted.


“Master!” Shi Nu was very loyal, after being able to control the super Gu formation, he found that Ying Wu Xie’s situation was bad and quickly used the Gu formation to heal Ying Wu Xie.


Hei Lou Lan was in charge of defending against Fairy Zi Wei’s deduction.


The situation was stable again.


Ying Wu Xie finally woke up again.


He was in a better state, once he woke up, he asked: “How long was I unconscious for?”


Shi Nu replied: “Two days and three nights, master.”


“Did they stop the deduction?” Ying Wu Xie asked again.


“Not even once.” Hei Lou Lan transmitted.


Ying Wu Xie’s expression was grim, his heart sunk to rock bottom: “Two days and three nights of deduction without stopping, the other party is indeed a wisdom path great expert of Heavenly Court, their wisdom path attainment can match Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord! Sigh, Heavenly Court...”


Heavenly Court’s foundation was too deep.


It had been under the rule of three Immortal Venerables, with countless rank eight Gu Immortals joining throughout history. Shadow Sect had developed for a hundred thousand years, it had a huge force, but compared to Heavenly Court, its foundation was too shallow.


Shadow Sect had researched for tens of thousands of years, they found an opportunity coincidentally and paid a heavy price to send the traitor Lian Jiu Sheng into Heavenly Court.


But Lian Jiu Sheng could not get much intel after joining Heavenly Court.


Most of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were sleeping, they rarely were active.


However, just the small amount of information obtained, showing a portion of Heavenly Court’s power, made Shadow Sect feel great trepidation.


The biggest concern was Heavenly Court’s rank nine fate Gu. This Immortal Gu was only damaged during Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s time, it was not completely destroyed.


Using rank nine fate Gu as the core, the rank nine Immortal Gu House Heaven Overseeing Tower had incredible might, it could truly oversee everything. Its range of detecting fate escapees spanned over the whole five regions, along with white heaven and black heaven, it was a shocking scope.


The second concern was that Heavenly Court’s grotto-heaven was free from tribulations, seemingly because it had devoured large numbers of fragments of the seven broken immemorial heavens.


Finally, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals had unfathomably deep research regarding immortal apertures. In this regard, even Spectral Soul could only gasp in amazement.


Any rank eight Gu Immortal who joins Heavenly Court would first have to contribute their immortal aperture, and combine it into Heavenly Court’s grotto-heaven. When they go outside of Heavenly Court, they would be given a mystical phantom aperture for storing immortal essence and Gu worms.


This method was among the deepest secrets of Heavenly Court, it was the work of Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable! After rank eight Gu Immortals fuse their immortal apertures into Heavenly Court’s grotto-heaven, they would be free from tribulations, they could also sleep and slow down the loss of their lifespan.


Heavenly Court was created three million years ago during the Remote Antiquity Era. By now, it had the grotto-heavens of three Immortal Venerables, along with countless rank eight Gu Immortals’ grotto-heavens, they were all fused into Heavenly Court.


Thus, the size of Heavenly Court’s grotto-heaven was unbelievable, the amount of resources in immortal materials inside was immeasurable. With just these resources, Heavenly Court was self-sufficient, it did not need anything from the five regions.


It was unknown just how many rank eight Gu Immortals were sleeping inside Heavenly Court, or even how many members there actually were in Heavenly Court.


But just by thinking about it, one could understand the terrifying might lurking in Heavenly Court.


However, since ancient times, lifespan Gu had been the traditional way to gain lifespan. For the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals to use sleep to extend their lives, there was definitely a drawback. But Lian Jiu Sheng had never uncovered what this drawback was, it was among Spectral Soul’s greatest regrets.


Compared to Heavenly Court, Shadow Sect with a hundred thousand years of foundation was too weak. Shadow Sect was like an iceberg, Zombie Alliance, which was scattered over all five regions, was just the tip of the iceberg. Old Man Yan Shi, Bo Qing, and Purple Mountain True Monarch, were hidden under the iceberg. As for Heavenly Court, it was the sea that carried the iceberg. The sea was unfathomably deep, even though the iceberg floated on the sea, nobody knew what was hiding inside the sea, or what ferocious creatures were dwelling below. Maybe the Gu Immortals were already dead, but nobody knew the truth, and they were not going to find out either.


Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, Lian Jiu Sheng, Bi Chen Tian, Fairy Zi Wei, Granny Sha, they were all rank eight Gu Immortals who joined Heavenly Court in the last thousands of years. The depths of the sea was not explored yet, these were just huge waves on the surface.


“Master, what do we do now?” Shi Nu asked.


Ying Wu Xie fell into deep contemplation.


He racked his brains, thinking hard!


At the moment, Fairy Zi Wei’s deduction was like a long spear forcing Ying Wu Xie and the rest to raise their shield and defend against (the super Gu formation). Even though it was powerful and could block Fairy Zi Wei’s deduction, this way, by controlling the super Gu formation, Ying Wu Xie and the rest were restricted from doing anything else.


And just defending themselves was too passive, they were going to lose eventually, it was not a wise decision.


“Heavenly Court targeted me not only to deal with Shadow Sect, but also because they want to pursue Fang Yuan. My body is originally Fang Yuan’s, in a way, I am shielding him from this disaster.”


“It is very strange that I failed to refine Fixed Immortal Travel this time. I had ten chances and extremely high luck in the final one. Even if my luck was split, the chances of success are still very high. Fang Yuan could succeed his refinement even in that situation. My situation was far better than his, yet I still failed. I am afraid Fixed Immortal Travel has already been refined by someone. If that is so, it is likely Heavenly Court!”


At this time, over in Lang Ya blessed land, the traitor Sixth Hair had already sent a letter of apology to Ying Wu Xie.


Thus, Ying Wu Xie had a clear understanding of Fang Yuan’s situation.


“It seems I can only sacrifice a rook to save the king.” Ying Wu Xie had a resolute expression.


He decided to abandon his subordinates to obtain a chance to escape.


Using the super Gu formation, his aura could be concealed for some time, Fairy Zi Wei’s deductions would be drawn to the super Gu formation.


This way, Ying Wu Xie could escape in the meantime, going through the regional walls and leaving Central Continent.


Central Continent was a tiger’s den, there were too few remnant forces of Shadow Sect. Leaving this place and going to any of the other four regions would be a huge help to Ying Wu Xie.


“I failed to refine Fixed Immortal Travel, but I am only a rank six bottom-tier immortal zombie, it is far easier for me to pass the regional walls compared to rank sevens and eights. Now, I can only work hard to travel the four regions and gather my remnant forces. Even if Heavenly Court has the rank six Fixed Immortal Travel, those rank eight Gu Immortals cannot use it. Heaven Overseeing Tower has been destroyed, they cannot locate me as well.”


“I can only abandon this place. And to control the Gu formation, at least two rank sixes or one rank seven are needed...”


Ying Wu Xie thought about it and decided to give up on Shi Nu, bringing Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan with him.


The loyalty of these three was not an issue, especially Hei Lou Lan, followed by Shi Nu,and finally, Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


The more important reason was that he had to pass the regional walls many times. The lower the cultivation level, the better it was when going through them. Shi Nu’s rank seven cultivation level was a burden instead.


Ying Wu Xie made his decision and executed it.


Shi Nu had no objections, he was utterly loyal, he even passed all of his accumulated Gu worms and the rockman tribe in his immortal aperture to Ying Wu Xie completely.


Ying Wu Xie’s immortal aperture was a dead land, he kept the Gu worms while passing the rockman tribe to Hei Lou Lan, letting them live in her immortal aperture.


Bringing Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, with Shi Nu left to draw the attention, Ying Wu Xie retreated, his target was the closest regional wall.
